{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15414427", "title": "Dummy IED checks police alertness", "text": "CHANDIGARH: To check alertness of Chandigarh police, a dummy IED (improvised explosive device) was placed in Sector 15 rehri market (Patel market) on Wednesday.A man saw the device and called up the police control room. On getting information, police acted quickly and bomb squad, operation cell, anti-sabotage team and area station house officer reached the spot.\"Whole area was cordoned off and IED was also checked by EVD equipment provided to VIP security which confirmed that it was not a bomb but a dummy IED,\" said a police official.The operation was carried out under the direct supervision of SP (city) Deshraj Singh and he observed that the Chandigarh police are fully alert and conscious about any bomb call and all precautions were taken during the operation. Also equipment of detecting IEDs and explosive were found reliable and working as per satisfaction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "15412806", "title": "Jethmalani talks Kashmir, Geelani talks about weather", "text": "SRINAGAR: Noted lawyer and former Union minister Ram Jethmalani met hardline Kashmiri separatist leader Syed Ali Shah Geelani over two days, but they ended up talking at cross purposes with Jethmalani wanting to discuss the Kashmir issue and Geelani choosing to talk about the weather.Geelani's cold shoulder did not deter Jethmalani, named in 2002 by then NDA government as part of the Kashmir Committee with K C Pant as the main interlocutor. Asked if there was any indication of separatists softening their stand, Jethmalani said, \"If a hardliner like Geelani sahib sits down to talk about the Kashmir problem with me, it must be seen as an indication that there is scope of compromise on certain issues from their camp.\"But this wasn't a sentiment shared by Geelani whose spokesman Ayaz Akbar told TOI, \"Geelani sahib did not discuss the Kashmir issue with Jethmalani. As a matter of fact, his stand is known and it hasn't changed. He has stuck to the 1947 resolution be adopted, which is the right to self-determination.\"Jethmalani chose to tom-tom the meeting, pointing out that the separatists including Geelani had refused to meet the Central interlocutors. He said he shared special moments with Geelani during which he noted a change in his hardline approach and that he was ready to make some compromises to reach a solution.\"Majority of people in J&K; wants peaceful resolution and for this a compromise is inevitable,\" Jethmalani said.Another separatist leader, Nayeem Khan, reminded Jethmalani that a compromise will never connote that status quo be maintained to the advantage of India. \"Kashmir issue is to be settled with all the parties on the negotiating table,\" he added.Chairman of moderate Hurriyat faction, Mirwaiz Omer Farooq, disagreed with Jethmalani on the issue of talks with Hurriyat without listing Kashmir solution on the agenda. \"Concessions and personal favours won't solve the Kashmir issue without the participation of Pakistan in talks,\" the Mirwaiz said. He agreed that repealing laws like AFSPA would help build trust among Kashmiris to step ahead for talks along with Pakistan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "15412975", "title": "Companies dumping iron slag sans permits, says Bhoma panchayat", "text": "PONDA: Following complaints by locals over the irresponsible dumping of iron slag on the Bhoma hillock by factories at the Kundaim industrial estate, the Bhoma-Adcolna village panchayat officials inspected the dump site on Wednesday and found that some of the steel industries have \"illegally dumped iron slag without any clearance or NOC\".Bhoma-Adcolna sarpanch Varsha Naik said the companies have permission neither from the panchayat nor from the Goa state pollution control board ( GSPCB). Hotilal Rathore, production manager of the West-Coast Ingots, Kundaim, however, said that the factory had purchased 50,000sq m of land on the hillock from a private party and had dumped the iron slag within it.Bhoma local Sanjay Naik said that as the factory has not erected any concrete retaining wall, the dumps may collapse at any time in the rain.To the locals' contention that the dumps have polluted the spring at the hillock, Rathore said they tested the spring water in a laboratory and it was \"as clean as bottled mineral water\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15412428", "title": "Rajasthan government stops land allotment to private institutions", "text": "JAIPUR: The state cabinet on Wednesday decided not to allot land to private institutions on concessional rates in areas under urban local bodies including municipal corporations, municipal councils and municipalities. The decision was taken due to the non-availability of land in urban areas.\"Any organisation which plans to open an institute for social cause - be it hospital or any other - will have to open it outside the defined limits of the municipal corporations, councils and municipalities. However, the state cabinet, in special cases, has the final say over allotment of a plot to any organization within these areas,'' said UDH minister Shanti Dhariwal, addressing media persons.Along with this, the cabinet also cleared a proposal for allotment of 2,000 square yard at 10% of the reserve price to Katpan Durga Prasad Choudhary Smriti Sansthan, Ajmer for constructing a guest house within the city limits.The cabinet also gave green signal to the amendments and cleared ordinances related to seven universities, following which the retirement age for vice-chancellors of these universities has been raised to 70 years from the existing 65. We will soon bring in an ordinance to raise the retirement age of all vice-chancellors in the state to 70,'' said Dr Dayaram Parmar, minister for higher education.The minister said that the seven universities -- Rajasthan University of Journalism and Mass Communication, Jaipur; Dr. Bhimrao Ambedkar Law University, Jaipur; Brij University, Bharatpur; Matsya University, Alwar; Shekhawati University, Sikar; Rajiv Gandhi Tribal University, Udaipur and Sardar Patel University of Police Security and Criminal Justice, Jodhpur - will start sessions from 2013. \"The land has been identified for these Universities and allotment has been made for Shekhawati University, Sikar and Sardar Patel University, Jodhpur,'' he said. The cabinet also approved the decision to rename Rajasthan University of Journalism and Mass Communication, Jaipur after former chief minister Haridev Joshi.The proposal regarding the execution of the 'Mukhyamantri Shahri BPL Awas Yojana' was cleared too. \"Aawas Vikas Infrastructure Limited has been made the nodal agency for the project under which selected BPL families in urban areas will be provided Rs 50,000 in installments, to construct houses. Hudco has cleared the agency proposal for a loan of Rs 500 crore for the same,'' said Dhariwal.Following a clearance in the meeting, the Rajasthan Slum Development Policy under Public-Private Partnership Model - 2012 is now revised. The scheme will give pace to the development of slums and urban poor could avail pucca houses, park, open area and play ground. \"After the revision, the conditions on net worth, turn over and experience for developers have been relaxed, as these were stringent and one of the main reasons the policy was not receiving a good response. We are sure now the work under the policy would accelerate,'' he said.When asked about the drought situation, the minister said, \"There is some hope as yet and if it continues to rain as it has in the past two days, we might not have to face a drought.\"No more subsidised land for private institutes within city limitsOrdinances related to 7 universities announced in the state budget.Rajasthan University of Journalism and Mass Communication, Jaipur, renamed as Haridev Joshi Rajasthan University of Journalism and Mass Communication.Government College Amet (Rajsamand) renamed after the former Chief Minister of Rajasthan Hiralal Devpura.Proposal for execution of 'Mukhyamantri Shahri BPL Awas Yojana'.Rajasthan Slum Development Policy under Public-Private Partnership Model - 2012 revised.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15411634", "title": "Reprieve for charitable trust", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mahavir Jain Vidyalaya Trust, a public charitable trust that runs eights boys' and four girls' hostels across the country, got a reprieve from the Bombay HC on Wednesday. An HC bench quashed as illegal an order passed by an assistant charity commissioner on August 4.The court also said it was \"disturbed at the unholy haste\" with which the officer had passed the order to prevent results to the Trust's executive committee elections from being declared on August 11.A candidate had challenged the election and notices were served on the trustees after 11pm. The Trust's counsel Milind Sathe argued that the assistant charity commissioner prevented counting of votes the next day without verifying claims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15412026", "title": "SGS Mall to stay closed for now", "text": "PUNE: SGS mall in Pune Camp, which was sealed on Tuesday for non-payment of property tax, will remain closed for the next few days as Pune Cantonment Board (PCB) officials wait for dues of Rs 6.13 crore to be paid.Earlier, it was thought that the mall would open on Wednesday, but though Rs 25 lakh was paid by the mall authorities, PCB officials insist that full payment be made.The PCB had put up a 'closed' notice board at the entrance of the mall, which mentions that property tax dues have been pending since April 2011.Karan Makwani, PCB member, said, \"Revenue officials of the PCB sealed the mall on Tuesday for non-payment of property tax. The cumulative tax amount is Rs 6.13 crore.\"According to officials at the mall, the PCB had revised the property tax and this had been challenged by the mall in the Bombay high court. The court rejected the plea and asked the officials to file a petition in the Pune district court.They claimed that they were trying to find a solution to the problem. \"It is tough for any company to make such a large payment at one time,\" mall officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15413017", "title": "High court to consider insurance for LPG users", "text": "KOCHI: The Kerala high court on Wednesday directed three public sector oil companies and the state government to take steps to avert incidents of LPG cylinder blasts at households.The high court registered a suo motu case on the basis of an anonymous letter received by justice Thottathil B Radhakrishnan.The division bench of acting chief justice Manjula Chellur and justice A M Shaffique ordered for sending notices to BPCL, HPCL, Indian Oil, and the state government. The case would come up for hearing by a division bench headed by justice C N Ramachandran Nair.The letter has suggested setting up of a group insurance scheme of Rs 8 lakh for the benefit of LPG consumers. It suggests the premium for the insurance policy can be shared by oil companies (60%), consumers (40%) and distributors (10%). The letter alleges oil companies and distributors are handling the cylinders in an irresponsible manner, leading to blasts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15411415", "title": "Rangareddy district to get 3 more revenue divisions", "text": "HYDERABAD: Three more revenue divisions will be created in Rangareddy district for administrative convenience and providing better services to citizens. The three new revenue divisions - Saroornagar, Malkajgiri and Rajendranagar - will become functional once the state cabinet clears the proposal.The state government has recently okayed the proposal to restructure revenue divisions after a committee headed by the Chief Commissioner of Land Administration (CCLA) recommended formation of three new revenue divisions. The proposal would be placed before the cabinet for final approval.Creation of new revenue divisions and mandals has been on the cards for the past one year and the district administration had sent a proposal to CCLA in this regard last year.As of now, there are three revenue divisions Chevella, East Division and Vikarabad in Rangareddy district. Of 37 mandals in the district, 16 mandals are in the Greater Hyderabad limits. The district administration wants to restructure the revenue set-up by creating more divisions and mandals. As part of the restructuring move, two divisions Saroornagar and Malkajgiri would be carved out of East Division and Chevella would be divided into Chevella and Rajendranagar divisions.\"While three Assembly constituencies, Ibrahimpatnam, Maheshwaram and LB Nagar will be brought into the Saroornagar division, Malkajgiri, Uppal, Medchal and Qutubullapur seats in Malkajgiri division. The other division Rajendranagar will be created with Rajendranagar, Kukatpally and Serilingampally Assembly constituencies,\" a senior officer of the RR district administration said.Officials said the population in RR district had increased manifold in the past one decade. Interestingly, the rise of the population in the surrounding areas was highest in the state. The population in the peripheral areas rose to 52,96,396 as per the 2011 census from 35,75,064 in 2001. Nine peripheral mandals like Balanagar, Malkajgiri, Uppal, Serlingampally, Saroornagar, Keesara, Rajendranagar, Qutubullapur and Hayathnagar mandals had witnessed rapid urbanization in the past decade.Ten mandals like Medchal, Shamirpet, Ghatkesar, Ibrahimpatnam, Moinabad, Maheshwaram and Chevella have partly urban and partly rural areas. Apart from this, 18 mandals are purely rural, mostly under the Vikarabad division like Bantwaram, Shabad, Shankerpally, Basheerabad, Peddamul, Parigi, Pudur and Gandid. New mandals would be created from the existing semi-urban mandals, the officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15412734", "title": "Security alert for malls, multiplexes", "text": "NASHIK: As part of the campaign to spread awareness over the importance of security in view of a possible terror attack, the city police have asked malls and multiplexes to check their dust bins every two hours. They further instructud multiplexes to run a check under seats for unattended objects.A demonstration featuring a remote-controlled robot was carried out at a mall on College Road, displaying how the gadget was designed to lift up unattended objects and move it to safer places. The demonstration on Tuesday evening, was preceded by a meeting was between Zone 1 police and the management staff of malls, multiplexes and office bearers of different temple trusts, on Tuesday evening.DCP Sahebrao Patil said that awareness was necessary in view of unpredictable situations such as the Pune blasts that occurred recently.\"Authorities that manage public and commercial establishments such as malls, multiplexes and temple trusts have been informed regarding setting up close circuit television (CCTV) cameras. While most malls and multiplexes have the cameras within the facility, they have been asked to place them at the entrance of their establishments as well, to help the police track people and vehicles entering and leaving such places, in case of any untoward incident\" said Patil.The police have also appealed the management of malls, multiplexes to mandatorily check dustbins within their premises every two hours, and check for unattended objects under seats in multiplex theatres.ACP Ganesh Shinde said that commercial establishments with heavy footfall do must deploy adequate security guards and ensure that most of these security staff personnel be ex-servicemen. As an additional secuity measure parking has been banned in front of City Centre mall. Office bearers of temple trusts have been also asked to put up instruction boards for the public.The police while visiting bus stands across the city, noted that security be beefed up in these areas so polic could better monitor movement into and out of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15413177", "title": "No Indian player, but SLPL gets Mahindra as title sponsor", "text": "MUMBAI: That former Sri Lanka skipper and ace batsman Aravinda De Silva is a man of few words was very much evident on Wednesday when the legendary batsman, who has always let his bat talk, struggled to answer a barrage of questions at a function to promote the Mahindra Sri Lanka Premier League (SLPL) in city.The event, which gets underway from August 11 and runs till the last day of this month, has managed to rope in Indian tractor giants as title sponsors. Of course, many of the world's top cricket stars would also grace the event.However, the SLPL has failed to get Indian cricketers on board. When asked to explain the irony, Aravinda struggled to put the issue in perspective.\"They have a busy international schedule and I guess that is why they are not playing in the SLPL. We also didn't have an auction of sorts, but I'm sure the presence of many top international players will make up for that,\" said the architect of Sri Lanka's momentous 1996 World Cup triumph.The BCCI had not given permission to its players to participate in the T20 event. Aravinda though was optimistic of things changing. \"I hope that we will see them in the future,\" said the man who was not officially representing Sri Lanka Cricket Board. Surprisingly, there was not a single representative of the Board at the press briefing too.Known as the Mad Max for his destructive batting and his tendency to gift his wicket away when in sublime touch, Aravinda, was hopeful of SLPL doing a world of good for the country's budding cricketers.\"It will certainly help provincial players in our country and give them a chance to rub shoulders with top international stars and this will certainly be an enriching experience for them,\" said the former Sri Lankan chief selector and captain.The 46-year-old also admitted that the SLPL may result in young cricketers getting over exposed so early in their career. \"But the point we see here is that our youngsters will get an opportunity and that is important for us,\" added the man with more than 15,000 runs in international cricket.Asked to name his favourite cricketers among the current lot, Aravinda added that he watches Indian star Virat Kohli with great interest. \"He is certainly my favourite player. I like the way he plays and approaches his innings. He has a great future ahead of him.\" Perhaps Kohli's early reputation of being a brash player, who gave away his wicket easily, could be the reason for the Lankan legend's liking for the Indian vice-captain.Coming to the event, there will be 24 games in the Mahindra SLPL and each team will be allowed a maximum of 18 players. Teams will be allowed to field a maximum of four foreign players per game. The Man of the Match in all 24 matches will receive the title of \"Mahindra Man of the Match\" while the 'Man of the Tournament' will win himself an XUV5OO.Aravinda, who has a great love for fast cars, may be tempted to make a comeback.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15412236", "title": "Students bear strike brunt", "text": "RANCHI: The statewide bandh called by the Jharkhand Rajya Panchayat Parishad on Wednesday, left everyone vexed but students were the worst affected. Most of the private schools were closed. But students of government schools were seen walking to and returning home from school with heavy bags on their back. Since no transport was available, walking was the only option.Neha, a student of Ursuline Convent, said, \"I come from Kanke Road which is almost five km from my school. My father dropped me to school on his cycle but I had to walk back home as there were no autos and buses on the road.\"The mercury had shot up again as there was no rain and so it was double trouble for students. They had a miserable time carrying the load of books on their back and sweating in the scorching sun.Taramuni, a student of Class V, said, \"It usually rains when it's very hot. But it didn't rain today. Most of us ran out of water that we carry in bottles to school. There were no juice shops open either where we could quench our thirst.\"The students of BA Part I, Ranchi University, also had a trying time as their exams were on. \"I couldn't find any mode of conveyance to the exam centre. Luckily, I left early and so was able to reach the examination hall in time. But in the process I did not get time to revise,\" said Pranjal, a student of BA Part I.The vice-chancellor of RU, L N Bhagat, said, \"We are not supporting the bandh and so kept the university open. We will not postpone the examination. But we can conduct a separate examination for students who failed to appear for their test today.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15412001", "title": "Corporators demand withdrawal of water cuts", "text": "PUNE: As the irrigation department has started releasing water from Khadakwasla dam into the Mutha right bank canal, which supplies water to the city, elected representatives demanded that the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) should withdraw water cuts.\"Many parts of the city are reeling under water crisis. The PMC should withdraw water cuts as the Khadakwasla dam is already overflowing. The PMC and the ruling party leaders had said water cuts will be immediately withdrawn once dams have sufficient water. At present, dams providing water to Pune have 17 TMC water. However, city continues to suffer water cuts,\" said BJP corporator Varsha Tapkir.Demanding withdrawal of water cuts, the BJP women's wing submitted a memorandum to municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak.The Khadakwasla dam is almost filled to capacity and water is now being released at 1,300 cusecs per second (1 cusec = 28.317 litres). This will continue for the next seven days. The water discharged into the canal enables the PMC to lift additional water for the city. It will also benefit smaller towns such as Daund and Indapur. Since March 1, there has been 10% water cut in the city, with most areas getting water only in the morning.Corporators of the MNS, the BJP and the Shiv Sena have also demanded withdrawal of water cuts. However, the PMC water department officials said the civic body was awaiting state government's directives on the issue.The state irrigation department has earmarked 11.5 TMC quota water for Pune, but the city draws over 14 TMC water from the reservoirs of the Khadakwasla, Temghar, Varasgaon and Panshet dams. The quota is higher than the normal requirement, yet the city faces a water crisis because of distribution losses and PMC's water management techniques.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "country homes", "code": "15414532", "title": "Unsafe Sidhwan unites concerned residents of Country Homes", "text": "COUNTRY HOMES: The call to gather in protest by the residents of Country Homes witnessed a huge turnout as people participated to raise voice against the lack of safety measures on the road connecting Ferozepur Road to their locality along the Sidhwan Canal.On Wednesday, the residents constituted a 'Country Homes Welfare Association' as a stance of their being united for resolving the problems they have been facing.\"It is encouraging to see residents turn up in large numbers for the first time to voice the issues troubling people in our locality,\" said Kulwant Singh, 51, owner of NKH Hammers and founder president of the association.Dentist Vivek Saggar, who is the general secretary of the association, said they have sent a memorandum to public works department minister Sharanjit Singh Dhillon, Ludhiana commissioner of police Ishwar Singh, deputy chief minister Sukhbir Singh Badal and chief minister Parkash Singh Badal, apprising them of the problems they have been facing.\"We have given a copy of our memorandum to MLA of Gill constituency Darshan Singh Shivalik, who assured us fencing along Sidhwan Canal will be put on priority,\" said Dr Saggar.Vice-president of the association Brig (retired) S S Gill, 63, said, \"We have decided not to remain indifferent to the lackadaisical attitude of the authorities any more and our association will work towards keeping the area free of infrastructural problems to begin with.\"Builder Kamal Goyal, 50, took the responsibility of joint secretary of the association. \"Our demands include installation of proper road lights, constructing road curbs or fencing along the Sidhwan Canal, speed notification, blinkers, leveling bumpy roads, better security and laying sewerage,\" said Goyal.Other executive members of the association included Jasmer Singh, 26; Yashpal Arora, 72; Vijay Jaitwani, 54; Vipin Chabra, 59; Bhagat Singh ,71; Janish Mehra, 40; Jatin Bashambu, 33; Prem Singh, 64; Amarjeet Verma, 22; Parveen Kumar, 19; Rakesh Goyal, 18; Lal Chand Chopra, 70; Ashsish Bansal, 33, and H S Toor, 50. Two residents of Sukhmani Enclave who participated in the protest were Sanjeev Kaushal and Rakesh Singhal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15414582", "title": "College student accused of raping classmate, arrested", "text": "GURGAON: The city police have arrested a BA 2nd year student of a local college on charges of raping and kidnapping a girl of the same college. They have also slapped charges of wrongful confinement against the accused. Police are also looking to arrest three other associates of the accused who had allegedly helped him in kidnapping the victim.According to the police, 21-year-old Rahul, a resident of Gurgaon village and a student of a city-based college has been accused of kidnapping his 20-year-old female classmate. On August 3, when the girl didn't return home, her parents lodged a complaint with city police. The victim's father also mentioned that they suspect Rahul's role behind the kidnapping of his daughter.After five days, the cops arrested Rahul from Alwar in Rajasthan also rescued the girl. A medical test was conducted on the girl and the police registered her complaint. The test confirmed rape.According to her police statement, she was going towards home on August 3, when Rahul approached her and offered to have tea in front of the college. He was accompanied by three other friends. The girl said that after having tea she headed home but she suddenly lost consciousness. It was then that she was kidnapped. She further alleged that she was kept intoxicated over the next few days and that she was also being raped.The Gurgaon police have lodged an FIR against Rahul and his three associates. \"We are questioning the accused. He admitted that he had kidnapped the girl and was forcing her to get married. We are also on the lookout for the other companions of the accused who were a party to the crime. Further investigation will confirm if it was gang rape. Then we will press other charges. We will produce the accused in a city court on Thursday,\" said Rajendra Singh, police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15415957", "title": "Ramdev launches second round of protest at Ramlila Maidan", "text": "NEW DELHI: Yoga guru Ramdev on Thursday launched his second round of indefinite protest here demanding bringing back of black money stashed away abroad.Ramdev arrived at the Ramlila Maidan protest venue, from where he was bundled out by police 14 months ago during a similar stir, to a rousing welcome from his supporters.Before coming to the venue, he visited Mahatma Gandhi's memorial Raj Ghat.\"I am here to pay my respect to the sacrifice made by Mahatama Gandhi. I am paying my respect to Bhagat Singh , Rajguru and 7,00,000 other martyrs whose sacrifice has sadly been compromised because of corruption and black money,\" Ramdev said.The second round of Ramdev's protest witnesses an expansion of his agenda from black money to Lokpal Bill, making CBI independent and a more transparent procedure for appointing election commissioners, CAG, CVC and CBI director.His previous protest at Ramlila Maidan from June 4 last year ended in a midnight police crackdown on June 6 morning with authorities claiming that he violated the norms agreed upon. He was caught by police while trying to flee from the venue in a woman's attire.Anna Hazare was not present at the beginning of the fast though he had earlier declared that he will join the protest.Ramdev's protest comes a week after Hazare called off his fast and disbanded his team which has decided to take a political plunge.Ramdev said he has no political agenda and the second phase of his protest will be announced if the government does not agree to his demands on blackmoney, Lokpal Bill, appointment procedures and making CBI independent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15413234", "title": "GU surveys ritual, cold facts emerge", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A group of Gujarat University students has carried out a survey to determine how many of their peers understand the significance of rituals and festivals in the state.The surveyors focused on the age-old religious festival of Sitala Satam, which is usually celebrated in Gujarat a day before Janmasthami. This year, the festival falls on Thursday. On this day, food cooked on the previous is consumed and no activity takes place in the kitchen.According to surveyors, Sitala Mata was worshipped to seek her protection against the deadly smallpox. \"She is often referred to as 'The Cool One',\" said one of the surveyors. \"And when properly worshipped, she is kind and forgiving. But when ignored, she is infamous as the harbinger of smallpox.\"Gaurang Jani, a professor of sociology department and sociologist, said that the survey revealed that not many students were aware of the rituals and traditions behind celebrating the Sitala Satam Festival. He said schools and colleges must educate students about festivals and traditions, and stories associated with them.Responses of more than 900 students questioned by 70 surveyors from GU's sociology department turned out to be revealing. The aim of the survey, according to Jani, was to ascertain the cultural and scientific understanding of students about festivals.\"About 110 students of the 900 surveyed did not know what Sitala Satam was,\" said another surveyor. \"For some, it was a day to be blessed with a baby boy, while for others it was a day when stove should not be turned on as Sitala Mata might get burnt. Only 12 per cent know what Sitala Satam was and what it stood for.\"As for smallpox, only 300 students knew that it was indeed a disease. According to official data provided by the government, there has been no case of smallpox in the state and India since 1980.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15413541", "title": "Grapefruit juice can boost potency of cancer drugs", "text": "LONDON: Drinking a glass of grapefruit juice a day could dramatically increase the effectiveness of cancer drugs, a new study has claimed.Researchers from the University of Chicago Medicine found that patients who combined the fruit with a specific anti-cancer drug received the same benefits as they would have from taking more than three times of the medication by itself.The combination could help patients avoid side effects associated with high doses of the drug. Grapefruit juice is known to prevent enzymes in the intestine that break down certain drugs, meaning more can enter the blood stream.This means doctors often tell patients to avoid the fruit when taking particular medications as it can cause side-effects .\"Grapefruit juice can significantly increase blood levels of many drugs. We wanted to see if it can be used in a controlled fashion to increase the availability and efficacy of sirolimus,\" study leader Dr Ezra Cohen said. Sirolimus is used to prevent rejection in organ transplant but is also being tested as a treatment for tumours. The study showed that patients who drank eight ounces of grapefruit a day increased their sirolimus levels by 350%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15411618", "title": "Mangalwari ROB work nears end", "text": "NAGPUR: After considerable escalation of project cost and obstruction for the traffic, the work on the Mangalwari Road Overbridge (ROB) near Government Polytechnic has entered the final phase and it is expected to be thrown open to traffic on September 1.Of the 500-metre bridge, only 60 metres work of span is remaining and the railways are working round the clock to complete the work before August 15. Central Railways expedited the work following an ultimatum from the mayor Anil Sole. Sole recently convened a meeting with the DRM Brijesh Dixit and expressed anger over slow pace of work on railways' part. \"I warned Dixit that if the bridge was not completed in this month, I will open it for public on September 1,\" said Sole.The 694-metre ROB will provide a direct connection between Sadar and Kamptee Road. The work was approved under the Integrated Roads Development Project. Sources told TOI that the construction of the ROB started on October 20, 2008, and it was scheduled to complete on April 19, 2010. The railway board then set the deadline of December 2011. Currently, MSRDC has completed 100% of the work on the approaches on either side of the ROB.The after having discussions with city mayor Anil Sole, the work on railway portion has been taken up in right earnest. The labourers working on the bridge said that they have been asked to complete the work before August 15. \"90% work has already been completed and remaining will be finished in time,\" they said.The ROB Rob is 7.5m wide and has two-lane carriageway. Once commissioned, the bridge will enable motorists from Sadar side to avoid the level crossing as well as congested Gaddigodam square. It will also ease congestion on Gaddigodam road, said subcontractor Suresh Wadhwani. The original contractor of the ROB is Nagarjuna Construction Company.However, there are many other ROBs like Ram Jhula, Narendra Nagar, Itwari ROB etc in the city that still await completion despite many deadlines passing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15410883", "title": "2 girls flee shelter to meet parents, traced", "text": "MUMBAI: Two girls, who had slipped out of a shelter in Oshiwara, were found at the Bandra Terminus by the GRP on Tuesday.The girls, aged between 12 to 15 years, were taken to the railway police station where they disclosed that they missed their parents and escaped to find a way back home. The girls' parents are based in West Bengal and had abandoned them in Mumbai.\"The girls were spotted by a policewoman, who offered them food and inquired of their background,\" police said. The girls were counselled and sent to the shelter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15411938", "title": "Awadhesh declared elected new Council chairman", "text": "PATNA: A senior BJP member of the Upper House, Awadhesh Narain Singh was unanimously declared elected as the new chairman of the Bihar legislative council on Wednesday.The deputy chairman of the Upper House, Salim Parvez made the announcement in the House. CM Nitish Kumar , deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi , leader of opposition in the Council Ghulam Gaus, deputy chairman and other members congratulated Singh on his election.Later, CM escorted Singh to the chairman's chair in the Council as per the protocol. The Council chairman's office had been vacant since May 6 after Tarakant Jha completed his term.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15411968", "title": "Freshers find wings to fly", "text": "PATNA: Stepping into a new phase of their lives, the first-year students of Patna University (PU) exuded enthusiasm and confidence. Dressed in colourful apparels coupled with accessories, including latest designs of bags, footwear, belts, shades, scarves, caps, trinkets and watches, they could be seen chuckling on their college campus.Dressed in a trendy Capri, Khyati, a student of political science (H) at Magadh Mahila College said, \"College life is different. Though we are not allowed to go over the top when it comes to makeup and other stuff, it's still a lot of freedom.\" Seniors are helpful too, Khyati added, as she motioned towards one of her seniors who was telling her more about the college.\"Classes have just begun and teachers are cooperative,\" said Ankita and Neha, students of English (H) at the same college.Neha, a sociology (H) student from the same college, however, looked disappointed, but for some other reasons. \"We have been coming here since August 3 but most of the classes remained suspended. Maybe, it is like this in colleges,\" she said.\"I am looking forward to making new friends and exploring the city with them. I am a foodie and waiting to hit the roadside food stalls with my buddies,\" said Anjali, a fresher at Patna Women's College (PWC) who, along with a couple of her friends, was spotted at a Golgappa stall near her college. Her friend Nidhi said, \"The college canteen has become my favourite hangout.\"And, it's not just girls. Boys, too, are excited about college life. As Dev of Patna College candidly puts it, \"School had lots of rules and restrictions. Now I feel free. I'm looking for friends and a girlfriend, too.\" When asked about his fashion statement, Dev replied, \"I like to wear accessories and showed his earrings and chain-style bracelets.Rohit, of the same college, said, \"I want to make full use of my college time. Apart from studies, I'll take part in other activities, like sports. I've heard so many stories about bunking classes for watching movies, and I can't wait to do that.\"Pushp Ranjan, a mathematics (H) student of B N College, has come from Chappra for higher studies. \"The beginning has been good. There is no ragging in the college,\" he said. In fact, he adds, \"On the first day, one of my seniors called me and asked my name and course and then told me that if any senior tried to rag me, I should immediately report it to him and he'll take care of the matter.\"Dressed in cargo pants and T-shirt, Ranjit of Patna Science College, says, \"My style statement is looking trendy but comfortable as well. Comfort is something that I cannot compromise with.\"For Ravi of the same college, \"Studying in a college with such prestigious history is an honour for me. I was very excited on the first day and talked to many of my classmates. Let's see what the future has in store.\"Priya, a PWC student, said, \"I did a lot of shopping before the college started. Though we can only wear salwar suits, I've bought khadi and bandhani designs which have always been my favourite. I also bought matching slippers and bags to go with the dresses. \"Papa ke bahut paise kharch kar diye (I spent a lot of my father's money).\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15411498", "title": "Satyam scam: CBI earmarks 1068 of Raju's properties for attachment", "text": "HYDERABAD: The CBI, which is investigating the Satyam scam case, has informed the Hyderabad city civil court that B Ramalinga Raju , chairman of the scam-hit IT major, and his kin had acquired 1068 properties with their ill-gotten money between 1999 and 2005. These properties are spread over four states - AP, Tamil Nadu , Karnataka and Maharashtra.The CBI has started producing the details of these properties and sought their attachment. Earlier 29 properties, mostly land acquired in Mirzaguda village of Shankarpalli mandal of Ranga Reddy district, was put under interim attachment by the court and notices were issued to Raju and his kin. On Wednesday, Raju and his relatives sought time to file their replies and the court posted the matter to third week of September.The CBI is seeking attachment of these properties under the criminal law amendment ordinance and the Enforcement Directorate has already attached more than 300 properties of the Rajus under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act, 2005. The properties acquired by the accused after 2005 are being probed by ED.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15411500", "title": "Sheetal Mafatlal moves high court for quashing of criminal cases against her", "text": "MUMBAI: Industrialist Atulya Mafatlal's wife Sheetal on Wednesday filed a petition in the Bombay high court (HC) seeking quashing of all criminal cases filed against her.The court will hear the matter on Thursday. The HC had orally suggested that Sheetal's sister-in-law Gayatri Jhaveri and two other non-consenting parties\u2014mother-in-law Madhuri and Atulya's brother Ajay\u2014remain present in court on Thursday to consider giving an apology and settling the family dispute amicably.Sheetal settled her dispute with Atulya, his two children and one sister after they apologized to her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15413272", "title": "'Sultans' rule in billiards", "text": "MUMBAI: PJ Hindu Gymkhana 'Sultans of Hazard' beat CCI 'Billiards Boys' to emerge champions in the Zarine &amp; Yazdi Daruvala Charitable Trust Mumbai Billiards League 2012, organized by the Billiards &amp; Snooker Association of Maharashtra, at the Dadar Parsee Colony Gymkhana, on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15411139", "title": "Forum rejects plea, says student is not \u2018consumer\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The National Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission on Monday held that an education board is not a service provider and a student writing an exam is not a consumer.The order came after Mohammed Karim, a varsity student, filed a complaint, stating that he submitted his thesis in 2002 but was yet to receive his doctoral degree. The commission, while stating that the complaint was not maintainable, observed that disputes over evaluation cannot be determined under the Consumer Protection Act.Karim was registered for a three-year PhD degree course at the Mathematics Department, Delhi University, since July 6, 1999. In his complaint filed before the district forum in Delhi, Karim said that despite submitting his papers to his research professor he was never informed about collecting his degree. Karim said there was an unexplained delay in the issuance of the degree to him. He further stated that on October 13, 2003, the university cancelled his registration without any just or sufficient cause or even informing him about the fate of his PhD course. Alleging that this was deficiency in service, he lodged a complaint before the district forum and sought a compensation of Rs 10 lakh. However, the forum dismissed the complaint in 2006.Karim then filed an appeal before Delhi State Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission. In 2007, the state commission allowed the appeal and after setting aside the order remitted it back to the forum. But the university filed a revision petition.The national commission took into consideration a Supreme Court (SC) order that said the board was not a service provider and a student who takes an exam not a consumer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15411164", "title": "Is NMC flouting rule in paying vehicle allowance to officials?", "text": "NAGPUR: In yet another instance of Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) not complying with State government's directives, 28 Class-I officials have been paid vehicle allowance amounting to lakhs of rupees despite a ban placed by the State government. However, it is not resulting in a loss to NMC and is actually saving it some money.An office bearers told TOI that the Government had stopped vehicle allowance to government officials. \"New rule came into effect from April 1 this year. The administration should have sent the notification to the general body for consent. Once the general body approves, the ban will came into place. But officials are not sending it to the general body. The office bearer further said that the 28 officials have continued to get Rs 11,800 per month as vehicle allowance,\" he said.Additional deputy municipal commissioner Sanjay Nipane told TOI that the proposal had come to him from the finance department. \"I have already forwarded it to the mayor's office for taking up in the general body meeting,\" he said. A senior NMC official said that the allegation of rule violation was wrong as allowance is to be stopped only after approval of general body. \"These 28 officials are using their own vehicles instead of those hired by the NMC. There are many problems in the vehicles provided by the appointed private agency. They are also not available on holidays but officials have to come to the office or visit sites even on holidays,\" he said.The official further said that the NMC was actually saving money by paying officials. \"NMC pays Rs 15,800 per month for hiring private vehicles for officials while officials are paid Rs 11,800 per month if they use their own. Thus, NMC is saving Rs 4,000 per month per official. The officials are getting vehicle allowance according to the policy framed by the general body two years ago. The Ghodpage Committee appointed by the general body had allowed vehicle allowance to these officials,\" he said.Another official pointed out that the vehicles being provided to many office bearers were also illegal. The leader of opposition Vikas Thakre had raised the issue time and again but still the practice is being continued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15412549", "title": "Is man-animal conflict on decline?", "text": "NAGPUR: Tigers and leopards are always clouded in mystery for raging man-animal conflict. But there is a sudden decline in the raging conflict this year with 39 human deaths as compared to 58 last year in Maharashtra.Various theories and parameters are being put forward by the forest officials and experts on conflict, but a scientific study has never been done to ascertain the facts. This year's death toll of 39 is on the lower side if last two years' figures are considered.During April to March 2010-11, 58 persons were mauled to death while 919 were injured by wild animals - mostly tigers and leopards. During the same period in 2011-12, as many as 39 deaths and 635 cases of injuries were reported, a decline by over 30%. Of the 39 victims in 15 forest circles, 8 were in Chandrapur, 7 in Nagpur, 4 in Yavatmal, 3 each in Dhule, Mumbai, Kolhapur and Gadchiroli and 2 each in Thane, Nashik, Aurangabad and Amravati.Chandrapur district continues to be worst-affected with 8 deaths and 157 injury cases this year. Although the death toll is low compared to 2010-12 when 17 villagers were mauled and 202 injured. Most of the victims were shepherds and fuel-wood collectors who moved deep inside the jungles.Why there is a sudden decline in the man-animal conflict? Is it because the number of deaths of predators like tigers and leopards increasing or are people learning to coexist with them?SWH Naqvi, principal chief conservator of forests (wildlife), Maharashtra, says the decline in number of human deaths fluctuates every year. \"With the fragmentation of tiger habitats you can't say the trend will remain the same in future,\" he said.Secondly, Naqvi said, \"The conflict has come down, especially in Chandrapur, due to massive awareness. As the number of tigers has gone up, people have become more cautious. Tigers have also become tolerant with human presence due to shrinking spaces.\"Naqvi cited the example of radio-collared Tass tigress which showed how tigers were coexisting with humans.However, experts like Nitin Desai, Central India director of Wildlife Protection Society of India ( WPSI), says every theory is a wild guess. There can be several parameters to the man-animal conflict theory.\"It may be possible that conflict caused by particular animals at various locations by repeatedly attacking humans might have been eliminated,\" Desai said. Another possibility, he says, may be increase in prey species due to which tigers turning towards cattle must have gone down.\"You also cannot rule out awareness as one of the reasons. People have been taking extra care due to large number of attacks by tigers and leopards. However, it is a debatable issue and a scientific study needs to be done,\" Desai said.The forest department needs to conduct a study as number of cattle kill cases has gone down from 5,822 in 2010-11 to 4,173 in 2011-12.On the contrary, Prafulla Bhamburkar, manager, Wildlife Trust of India (WTI), says, \"Conflict has gone down as problem animals have been eliminated. There were over a dozen tiger deaths during the same period. Many leopards also died due to poaching, mishaps and poisoning. I don't think awareness will stop villagers from entering the forests for fuel-wood and minor forest produce (MFP) collection.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15414535", "title": "City records a dip in crime over last year: Cops", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Police believes it has controlled crime better this year than it did in 2011. The half-yearly report accessed by TOI shows a downward trend as far as heinous crimes are concerned.Between January and June this year, robbery has come down by 18.7%, and so has dacoity (see graphic) \"Last year, robbery was down by 6.18% while snatching was down by 11.67%. This shows we have been able to restrict street crime. We hope to do even better by the end of this year,'' said a top Delhi police officer.Murders have also gone down in the city from 273 last year (January-July period) to 262 this year. However, there remains a blot here. A few of the murders that had hit headlines - including the murder of a senior citizen at Mayur Vihar, double murder at Rajouri Garden and another murder at Patel Nagar is yet to be cracked.There was not much improvement as far as rioting is considered with 31 cases registered in both years.\"We are trying to develop community integration and our initiative Yuva is aimed at exactly achieving this,'' said an officer.Sources said that auto thefts continue to bother the police brass, though figures for it was not available.In some other good news, terror modules were busted - the icing in the cake being the arrest of LeT mastermind Abu Jundal, the man involved with 26/11.Sources though said that its time the force looks at white collar crimes, devoid of numbers. Though there was a dip in street crime of heinous crimes, non-heinous crimes including white collar crimes were on the rise in the capital last year compared to 2010 and 2011.\"We do not believe in brushing crimes under the carpets. Our priority has been to lodge complaints so that criminals do not receive bail. We can't really go by the numbers. It is what you see on the ground, the amount of work put up by the police force,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15413596", "title": "Ganga and Yamuna continue to recede", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The water level of the Ganga and the Yamuna on Wednesday continued to recede at Phaphamau, Chatnag and Naini areas. The water level of the Ganga at Phaphamau and Chatnag was recorded 78.8 metres and 77.1 metres respectively while that of the Yamuna at Naini was 77.7 metres.Officials at the control room said the level of the Ganga at Phaphamau did not show any change on Wednesday.As per the records, level of the Ganga at Chatnag and Yamuna at Naini showed a fall of 0.24 metres and 0.26 metres respectively as compared to Tuesday. Officials said that there was no threat to the residents living in the low line areas.\"If more water is released from the dams in coming days, then measures would be taken as per the prevailing situation,\" added an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15414247", "title": "Ralte is CEO of Chandigarh Housing Board", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Rodney L Ralte has been given the charge of chief executive officer, Chandigarh Housing Board, relieving Rajesh Jogpal ( HCS). Jogpal will take over as director, Social Welfare, besides being managing director, SC, BC and Minorities Financial and Development Corporation and managing director, Child and Women Development Corporation, UT.Tilak Raj (HCS), land acquisition officer, UT, has temporarily been given additional charge of chief general manager, Chandigarh Industrial and Tourism Development Corporation Ltd vacated by Varsha Khangwal, who has been repatriated to Haryana. Yogesh Kumar, joint registrar, cooperative societies, has been repatriated to his parent state of Haryana and this post has temporarily been given to Balbir Singh, secretary, state transport authority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15412561", "title": "Bhatkal link to Pune blasts?", "text": "NEW DELHI: Investigators may have achieved a significant breakthrough in their investigations into last week's Pune low-intensity blasts with an eyewitness identifying two of the bombers as prominent members of banned Indian Mujahideen (IM), according to sources familiar with the probe.There is no confirmation from intelligence agencies, but sources claim that two of the three persons who bought the bicycles used in the blasts were Dr Shahnawaz and Mohammad Sajid alias Sajid Bada, both wanted in connection with the serial blasts executed by IM in the past. Both are residents of Azamgarh in UP, and may have escaped from Delhi's Batla House just before the September, 2008, encounter.The claim by sources comes even as the central intelligence agencies had been working on the assumption that the blasts in Pune were the handiwork of a cell of the IM headed by Yasin Bhatkal. The same cell was behind the planting of 22 IEDs in Surat in 2008, none of which exploded. The absence of a competent bomb maker in this module miraculously saved Pune from a massive human tragedy on August 2, they believe.Sources said the prime eyewitness, a bicycle shop-owner, was shown various sketches prepared, based on the descriptions given by him, of suspects in Pune blasts as well as photographs of some IM members. He identified from sketches and photographs the two IM members\u2014Dr Shahnawaz and Sajid Bada.Officials say they will verify the identities of the suspects from other sources as well because police sketches are not always accurate and could actually mislead. The bicycle shop-owner, sources said, was shown photographs of several IM members out of which he pointed out the two persons having resemblance with the sketches.Shahnawaz and Sajid Bada were part of the module led by Mohammad Atif Ameen, which was mostly neutralised in the Batla House encounter on September 19, 2008, but the duo had reportedly managed to slip away from the flat in Jamia Nagar when the policemen reached there. The duo was part of this first module of IM, of which Yasin Bhatkal alias Shahrukh was a member,\u2014and 13 members of the group are still absconding. Apart from Yasin Bhatkal and Atif Ameen, this IM module did not have many IED experts, sources said.Indications of a breakthrough emerge even as the agencies were already working on the premise that the bombings were in all probability the handiwork of the same IM module which was involved in the failed attempt to bomb Surat in 2008. All the 22 IEDs recovered in Surat had defective mechanisms, which resulted in none of them going off. Similar problems had neutralised the effectiveness of the Pune attack last week.Explosives for the Surat IEDs as well as for an attack in Bangalore were supplied by E T Zainudeen alias Abdul Sattar , a senior IM leader from Kerala who was arrested in Hyderabad in 2009. Sattar, a resident of Kerala's Malappuram district, was among the founding leaders of IM and had been absconding since 1998. It is not still clear where the IM module may have obtained explosives for the latest attack.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15413771", "title": "Snag hits provident fund disbursal, puts retired staff in a fix", "text": "CHENNAI: Hundreds of employees of private and public sector undertakings in the city who retired in April are struggling. The provident fund settlement amounts that they were to get soon after retirement have not yet been disbursed, reportedly because of a glitch in the online system. The online system was introduced in April.Many employees said that every time they contacted the staff concerned at the Regional Provident Fund office the reply they got was that the glitch had to be rectified at the New Delhi office. Some said weddings of children had to be put off, while others said the sick at home could not be provided for.Talking to TOI on Tuesday, assistant provident fund commissioner G Raghavan admitted that the New Delhi office was at fault for not rectifying the problem but promised that it would be sorted out in a couple of days.Until then, for many retired employees, it is a hand-to mouth existence. For E Anbu, who retired in April this year, \"it has been a long struggle.\" \"There is no one to tell us what the problem is. This is the only saving we have. Many of us have spouses who are unwell and require medical aid and there are others who have had to cancel or postpone the weddings of their children. Why should we suffer at the last stages of our lives?\" he asked.For those with college-going children and non-working spouses, it is more difficult.\"My wife thought I had spent the provident fund amount and pension. It was only after several of my colleagues, who were similarly affected, came home and explained the situation did peace prevail,\" said J Augustine, a retired employee.A few others have been forced to borrow from friends and relatives to make ends meet. V Elangovan, another retired employee, said: \"The last four months have been really bad financially and I am fed up. Why should I suffer for no fault of mine? I think the provident fund commissioner and other officials concerned owe us an apology for making us going through this stress.\"A few more disgruntled employees feel that officials would only understand their stress if they were in a similar situation. \"They (the officials) are doing nothing but passing the buck and making us suffer,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15413330", "title": "Cops raid two gambling houses, arrest 17 men", "text": "AHMEDABAD: City police raided and busted two groups for gambling. A total of 17 people were arrested in the operations and nine cars were seized, along with cash and a lot of playing cards. The first raid was conducted in Sola after a tip-off received by Deputy Commissioner of Police, Zone I, V Chandrashekhar. The intelligence tip was about an accomplice of Dinesh Thakkar alias Dinesh Kalgi - Maulik Patel alias Bhuriya.\"The input was quite specific. It said Maulik was running a gambling den at a farmhouse in Sola. The farmhouse belongs to two brothers - Ashish and Anand Patel, residents of Sola,\" said a city police official.A joint team of Chandrashekhar's squad and Sola police rushed to the site immediately after the tip-off. However, the team could not reach the farmhouse in their vehicles because of the bad condition of the road. The cops alighted far from the farmhouse and had to walk to the main gate.It was late in the night when the team arrived when some persons, posted as watchmen-cum-lookouts, began blowing whistles as soon as the posse were near the farmhouse. This move alerted those inside. \"By the time we forced our way into the farmhouse, only nine persons were inside,\" said a city police official.However, telltale evidence told cops that the number of gamblers inside the farmhouse was much larger than the number arrested. \"We seized more than 50 pairs of expensive shoes from the farm house. This hints at the number of gamblers inside. We seized two sackfuls of playing cards along with Rs 75,000 in cash,\" said a Sola police official.To preven police from getting suspicious, the gamblers parked their cars at an empty plot 3 km away. The cops tracked down the parking lot and seized nine vehicles from there. \"Maulik used to transfer gamblers from the parking plot to the farmhouse in his own car. Maulik and the Patel brothers have been absconding since the raid,\" said a Sola police official.In another operation at Vastrapur, city police raided a flat in Goel Intercity complex. Cops arrested eight persons including the flat's caretaker Mukesh Patel. Mukesh later told police that the flat is owned by a friend, a non-resident Gujarati now settled in the US. \"Patel wanted to earn quick money by allowing the flat to be used for gambling for a hefty fee,\" said Vastrapur police officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15413039", "title": "July rain was way below average", "text": "PANAJI: Though the total rainfall received so far is within the normal range, the month of July, which is considered the wettest month of the year, was deficient as only 616.mm (about 24 inches) was received last month.A total rainfall of 919mm is considered normal during the month of July. \"But as only 616.mm was received in July this year, there was a shortfall of 33%,\" K V Singh, director meteorological centre, Altinho said.However, the total rainfall in June was 1177.1mm (about 47 inches) and this has sustained the overall seasonal rainfall.Though the rainfall last month was on the lower side, there were a few occasions when dry spells had been witnessed. In July 2002 , the met department had recorded only 303.5mm. That year, the overall seasonal total was 2109.5mm (84 inches) while the annual total was 2270.4mm.In 2006, the met department recorded 371.1mm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15413191", "title": "Mangalore attack: Women's panel report omits Hindu Jagarana Vedike, blames boys", "text": "BANGALORE: Instead of finding fault with the perpetrators of the Morning Mist home stay attack, the Karnataka State Commission for Women (KSCW) has gone out of its way to allege that the boys attending the party had taken drugs, and may have also tried to mislead the girls.Nowhere in the report is the Hindu Jagarana Vedike named, though many attackers were members of this fringe group.KSCW chairperson C Manjula on Wednesday submitted the report to deputy chief minister R Ashoka. The focus now appears to be the revellers, especially the boys. Though police have already given them a clean chit, the commission has alleged that the boys had taken drugs during the party.Casting suspicion on their character, she states in the report: \"I have obtained information that the boys had taken drugs. But police have let off the boys without conducting medical tests. Verify police action.''That's not all. Manjula also questioned the intention of the boys. \"Did the boys, who arranged the birthday party, try to mislead the girls? Investigation and action is essential,'' she said in the report.She has also commented on some extraneous elements, and sought the transfer of a police officer in the district, just because he is a parent of one of the victims. She has also sought action against the home stay owner and the owner of a garment store 'Just Casual'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "sasaram", "code": "15411962", "title": "College girl gangraped in running vehicle", "text": "SASARAM: In yet another case of gangrape, a student of BA Part I was gangraped in a running four-wheeler on NH-2 and then thrown near a hospital at Kudra in Kaimur district on Wednesday. Kaimur SP Uma Shankar Sudhanshu confirmed the incident. After medical examination, the victim was handed over to Gaya police, which reached the hospital on getting information.Sources said that Rani (name changed) was dragged into the four-wheeler in broad daylight on Tuesday by three persons at Lakhanpur in Gaya district when she was on way to a coaching centre at Gaya. Rani hails from Lakhanpur. She was gangraped in the running vehicle on NH-2 and when she lost consciousness, the rapists threw her on NH-2 at Kudra. On hearing her cry on Wednesday morning, she was brought to the local primary health centre (PHC) in a semi-conscious state by some locals. The investigating officer, Kumar Jitendra, took the girl from Kudra to Gaya, where she narrated the story to the police. The police informed her parents, who along with the Gaya police, reached here. After legal formalities, she was handed over to the police.Meanwhile, the girl's father, Krishna Kishore, lodged an FIR at Gaya Muffassil PS in which he stated that some unknown persons had kidnapped his daughter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15411996", "title": "Radio mistaken for bomb in city", "text": "GUWAHATI: Everything in the city's Ganeshguri area was normal on Wednesday afternoon until a small transistor seen on the first floor of Bhrigu Market was mistaken for a bomb. Within minutes, shops and offices in the market started to wrap up their goods fearing a possible explosion.The bomb scare happened at around 12.10 pm when one Girindra Baruah, an employee of BSNL telecom's bill collection centre saw a small electronic item kept over the cheque drop box blinking in red lights.\"While I was attending to some customers, I saw a transistor-like thing with a blinking red light over the cheque drop box from my counter table. I asked one of the men sitting outside the office whether the device belonged to him and he denied. Not knowing what to do, I informed my superiors and Dispur Police,\" said Girindra Baruah.Police immediately rushed to the spot and started cordoning the area. Police instructed everyone in the market to leave the area. They even blocked the traffic of RP Road causing huge traffic snarls. Fire tender vehicles also reached the spot followed by the bomb squad.\"The bomb squad covered the electronic device with a bomb blanket and took it away immediately to avoid any disaster. Later when we checked, it was a small transistor or radio. Someone played a prank on us. But we are happy that people are alert,\" said a senior police officer.The city SSP AP Tiwari also appealed to the residents here to dial call the police on 100 or the local police station if they notice anything suspicious. \"If anyone sees transistors, bicycles, motor cycles, pressure cookers, tiffin boxes or anything suspicious, they should immediately inform the local police or dial 100. We have also increased our security checking ahead of the I-Day celebrations. Policemen in civil dresses are also deployed for special vigilance,\" said the SSP.A security alert in the city was sounded after intelligent inputs confirmed that the Paresh Baruah faction are trying to sneak into the state to strike ahead the Independence Day celebration.Three people were injured a few days back when a transistor bomb exploded in Goreshwar in Baksa district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15413603", "title": "SP leader seeks AIIMS in Allahabad", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Samajwadi Party Ujjawal Raman Singh has written to Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad urging him to set up an All India Institute of Medical Sciences in trans-Yamuna area.Singh has stated that residents of trans-Yamuna area face problems in getting quality medical treatment. Meanwhile, state general secretary, Samajwadi Vyapar Sabha, Durga Prasad Gupta said the Samajwadi Party will oppose Foreign Direct Investment in retail markets.Appointed: In a communique issued, district president, SP minority cell Syed Iftekhar Hussain said the district committee has been reconstituted with Mashad Ali Khan being appointed as its vice-president and Mohd Israel as general secretary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15414448", "title": "Janmashtami celebrations\r : Traffic jams expected on the occasion", "text": "NEW DELHI: Traffic congestion is expected on Friday due to Janmashtami celebrations. \"Temple committees will take out processions in various parts of the city. No parking shall be allowed on the procession route,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.Diversions will be in place from 2pm, said traffic cops. Signs will be put up to guide commuters . A procession will be taken out by Hindu Parv Samanvay Samiti from Shiv Mandir Malka Ganj Chowk to Subzi Mandi Nehru Park and back via Malka Ganj Road, Kolhapur Road, Kamla Nagar , Ghanta Ghar Chowk and Subzi Mandi main market from 5pm on Friday, said officials.\"Commuters are advised to avoid roads leading to temples and routes of processions. Plan your journey keeping the rush in mind. It's better to use public transport to avoid congestion,\" said Garg.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15412713", "title": "Kanda not lone Haryana minister facing criminal charges", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda is not just facing the heat for his minister Gopal Kanda's name figuring in the suicide case of Delhi-based former airhostess Geetika Sharma but also for some other ministers in his cabinet who are embroiled in criminal cases.The minister of state for home, Gopal Kanda resigned on Sunday after an FIR was registered against him for abetting suicide. Kanda is also facing 10 more cases on different charges, including assault and firing.State industry minister Randeep Singh Surjewala and minister of state for sports and youth affairs Sukhbir Kataria were also booked in several cases in the past, according to declarations made at the time of filing of nomination papers for the 2009 assembly polls.Kataria was booked in four cases of criminal intimidation, trespassing, theft and assault during 2002-2005. All the cases were lodged in Gurgaon police stations. Randeep was booked when he was the national president of Youth Congress and was heading protests in Delhi in 2000 and 2003. He was booked for rioting, threat, disobedience of orders of public servant and deterring public servant from discharging duty by the Delhi police. Randeep's father, Shamsher Surjewala, alleged that these cases were politically motivated.In June 2011, state tourism and transport minister Om Prakash Jain and chief parliamentary secretary Zile Ram Sharma were forced to quit after their names were linked to the death of a former village sarpanch in Karnal. Apart from CM Hooda, there are 11 ministers in Haryana including two ministers of state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15413235", "title": "Entries open for Times Shield 2012-13", "text": "MUMBAI: Entries for Times Shield Cricket 2012-13 will be accepted from August 20 till September 7 (Monday to Friday) between 10.30 am and 12.30pm, and 2.30pm to 5.30pm at the first floor of The Times of India building on D.N. Road (opp: CST station). For details, contact 66354128.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15410795", "title": "Language body wants government advertisment, hoardings in Odia", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Odia Bhasha Pratisthan, a government institution for preservation, development and extension of Odia language, has asked all government organizations to publish advertisements and make hoardings written in Odia. The decision got mixed reaction from business houses as many of them found the proposal unacceptable.Director of Odia Bhasha Pratisthan Harihar Kanungo said, \"The order is an old one. We just reminded everyone of it again. After the spelling of Odisha and Odia got corrected, the state government has decided to follow the ruling to make all official communications and writings in Odia language. It has also been decided that all advertisements and hoardings will have to be written in Odia language. If someone wants to write something in English, we have no problem, but the Odia version also needs to be there.\"He further said, \"There are about six crore people in the world who speak Odia. Moreover, the language has a rich history, which we all must be proud of. We should use it without hesitation.\"Giving the example of Tamil Nadu, Kanungo said, \"In Tamil Nadu, you will not find predominance of English over Tamil. They know English, but barely use it. We have also asked all civic bodies to ensure use of Odia on hoardings and posters. People who are living in Odisha should learn Odia to deal with us.\"S K Agrawal, a non-Odia businessman, said, \"We don't deny that Odia language should be promoted but there are other methods for this in stead of forcing businessmen to use the language. Our clientele is spread across India and not only in the state. If I publish an advertisement all over the country, there is no point in using Odia language. And using both Odia and English becomes way too expensive. The proposal can be implemented for hoardings and name plates, but not in advertisements.\"Even the head of a state-run organization expressed unwillingness in using Odia in advertisements and hoardings. \"Though we are a government body, it is very difficult to write things in Odia, the exact translations of some English terms are very confusing. I have every doubt whether it can be strictly followed by all.\"However, the move was appreciated by Utkal Sammilani, a socio-cultural organization that has been demanded such an order for long. \"The government has taken a good step. The order should be strictly implemented. Language is the identity of a community and if we should respect our language,\" said Radhanath Praharaj, general secretary of Utkal Sammilani. He also urged general public to come forward and increase the use of Odia language.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15412604", "title": "Pilot project to save lives on highways to kick off next month", "text": "NEW DELHI: 'Saving Lives', the country's first pilot project to provide immediate healthcare to road accident victims and to rush them to the nearest hospital, will be launched in Punjab next month. The road transport and highways ministry has set a target of reducing fatalities by one-fourth on the Amritsar-Pathankot highway in the first year of the project.This 110-km highway stretch recorded around 400 accidents last year in which close to 300 people died, a senior Punjab government official said. \"This is a two-lane road and the traffic flow is high. Majority of buses and mini-buses carry pilgrims. Drivers' fatigue and speeding are some of the reasons for the high fatality rate. The measures proposed under the 'Saving Lives' project will reduce accidents and fatalities,\" Kamaljeet Soi, project coordinator from Punjab, said.The pilot project, to be funded by the highways ministry, will cost about Rs 20 crore. All accident victims will get free treatment up to Rs 30,000 for the first 48 hours.The Centre will provide six life saving ambulances and an equal number of basic ambulances. Half a dozen hydraulic cutters and six recovery vans will also be deployed on this stretch. \"All the black spots (usual accident sites) will be rectified and there will be telephone booths to make SOS calls in case of an accident. The aim is to reduce the response time to 10 minutes so that all accident victims reach hospitals during the golden hour,\" a highways ministry official said.The project is being kicked off at a time when India has recorded maximum road fatalities in the world. Last year, 1.42 lakh people died in road accidents. \"The only way to reduce accidents is to focus on stretches which are claiming more lives than taking generic steps or doling out grants to NGOs,\" a senior ministry official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15412835", "title": "Woman chases robbers", "text": "NAGPUR: A courageous woman ensured that she gave robbers some anxious moments by chasing them for nearly one-kilometer on her two-wheeler on Wednesday.Though Archana Deshpande was on her scooter, it did not dampen her spirit. She kept following her chain snatchers. But the robbers sped away on the bike with her chain worth Rs70,000.Archana was heading towards Mahal from her Trimurti Nagar residence when two bike-borne youths came close to her and snatched the gold chain near Chuna Bhatti. The brave woman immediately started following the bikers but it was speed that she got defeated. An offence was registered against unidentified robbers at Ajni police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15413418", "title": "Earning smart bucks through mehendi art", "text": "HUBLI: It is common to see women applying mehendi during wedding ceremonies and festivities. However, with the introduction of newer designs like the Arabic and Indo-Arabic style, and the availability of professional mehendi designers offering their services, college and working women in Hubli and Dharwad no longer wait for an occasion to flaunt intricate mehandi designs on their delicate palms and feet. Mehendi has become an all-time rage in the twin cities.The growing passion among women for mehendi has had many homemakers taking interest in the art and gaining expertise in it so that they make a decent earning out of it. Several homemakers in Dajiban Peth, Old Hubli, Keshawapur, Vidya Nagar and other areas earn in the range of Rs 8,000-10,000 per month and their income more than doubles during wedding and festival seasons.Some professional artists earn up to Rs 2 lakh per annum, while some other homemakers pursue it as a part-time hobby.These homemakers have mastered the art through their relatives and friends, attending formal mehendi classes and referring to various design books. Mehendi being a ceremonial art form, artists get their maximum customers during wedding season and festivities. For bridal mehendi they charge up to Rs 3,000 per customer and often offer the services at the bride's residence.On all other days, it is mostly college girls who frequent the designers' houses for a stylish mehendi design. Arabic-style, Indo-Arabic style, outline Arabic style, black outline style, gold, silver and diamond mehandi and black highlight mehandi are in vogue in the twin cities.A professional mehendi artist Roopa Patil said that she gets customers from all communities. She gets two to three schedules per day during the season. Another artist Renuka Shalgar said while college girls approach her for modern designs, her business thrives during private functions and wedding ceremonies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15413358", "title": "Yamuna Expressway: UP government finally notifies toll rates", "text": "LUCKNOW: Hours before the formal inauguration of the Yamuna Expressway by chief minister Akhilesh Yadav, the state government appeared ill-prepared for the launch. With a formal notification of toll rates by the state government only made past 10 pm on Wednesday night, the officials were still uncertain about how the developers would publicise the rates ahead of the expressway's official opening to public, at 4pm on Thursday evening.Though the expressway project has been developed by a the Jaypee Group, the National Highway Authority of India guidelines make it compulsory for applicable toll rates to be displayed properly ahead of all toll plazas, before the toll roads are thrown open to the public.Earlier, Yamuna Expressway Industrial Development Authority had recommended Rs 2.10 as toll tax per km for cars and jeeps, Rs 3.23 for mini buses, Rs 6.60 for buses and trucks and Rs 10.10 per other heavy vehicles. The rates, the government notification said, has been given an in-principal approval by the state government. Yamuna Expressway Authority, CEO, Rama Raman said: ``This is the ceiling that has been fixed by the state government. The developers can, if they wish, to charge less.''The state government had, in the past, also issued a notification to fix the maximum speed on the expressway \u2014 of 100 kmph for cars and other light vehicles, 65 kmph for buses and trucks and a maximum limit of 50 kmph for motorcycles. Initially, the developers expect about 15,000 PCUs (unit for vehicles) daily.In the hurry to inaugurate the 165km six-lane, access-controlled, elevated expressway, the government, however, appears to be slipping up on more than one count. Apart from no formal notification of toll rates hours before its inauguration, concerns have also been raised about the security arrangements on the Yamuna expressway. Last week, villagers of Akos village staged a two hour sit-in on the expressway after a speeding SUV ran over a youth from the village. Interestingly, senior Samajwadi Party leader Ram Gopal Yadav was also travelling on the expressway on the day of the incident. Though Ram Gopal announced a compensation of Rs 2 lakh from the party fund and promised the victim's family Rs 5 lakh on behalf of the Jaypee Group, the villagers could not be pacified until calls were made, reportedly, from the chief minister's office.A senior UP government official said the Jaypee Group has also been asked to set up an adequate number of petrol pumps and CCTVs along the expressway. This work, too, is at present, underway.Notwithstanding the lack of preparation, however, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav will formally inaugurate the expressway at 11 am on Thursday from his Kalidas Marg residence in Lucknow. Senior Samajwadi Party leader Ram Gopal Yadav will also participate in the inaugural process by unveiling the Delhi end of the project on Thursday. The entire programme, a senior bureaucrat said, will be managed through a two-way video link.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15412019", "title": "Scrap-BTC demand getting louder", "text": "GUWAHATI: The spate of violence in Bodoland Territorial Area Districts (BTAD) is making the scrap-Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC) demand louder every day.While non-Bodo organizations have already asked for doing away with the BTC administrative set up since the outbreak of violence last month, Muslim Students' Union of Assam (MSUA) joined the bandwagon on Wednesday, seeking dissolution of the structure formed under Sixth Schedule of the Constitution.\"Today, we are compelled to demand scrapping of BTC because of frequent attacks on non-Bodos, especially Muslims, living in the area. In our view, BTC is illegal for the simple fact that majority of people in the area are non-Bodos. The mandate of BTC was to give equal rights and privileges to non-Bodos living in its jurisdiction. In reality, violence has increased since its formation,\" MSUA general secretary Ashik Rabbani said here on Wednesday.MSUA also demanded immediate seizure of arms, currently in possession of surrendered militants in BTC area.Rabbani said violence in BTC has turned \"vicious\" only because of the arms used by militants. \"Unless the arms are seized from surrendered militants, there is little hope for ending violence in BTC. Availability of firearms has made it a violent area,\" added Rabbabi.However, he denied the involvement of any Muslim underground outfit in the current violence. The MSUA leader said whenever any Muslim organization came out in protest against violence and lawlessness in BTC, its members were branded as militants or blamed for inciting violence. \"We have equal rights to live in peace and contribute to the development of BTC,\" said Rabbani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15413149", "title": "MDLR's offshore casino to be sold for Rs 42cr", "text": "PANAJI: MDLR's offshore casino vessel, Mint Cruise Casino, lying almost abandoned at the captain of ports jetty for the last two years, may see another revival with its new buyers set to takeover operations within another fortnight after inking a deal for Rs 42 crore.Former Haryana minister Gopal Kanda's Gurgaon-based MDLR group had bought Casino Rio from the Leela group in June 2009 for a sum close to Rs 30 crore and renamed it as Mint Cruise Casino.Kanda won the Haryana state assembly elections a few months later and the offshore casino's operations folded up almost immediately. \"Kanda had no interest in continuing casino operations in Goa. The casino management followed orders and closed down,\" a source said.Around 300 employees who worked at MDLR's onshore Mint Club Casino at Arpora and its offshore Mint Cruise Casino were out of work after both places closed down without giving staff any notice.Sources said the offshore casino was trouble-prone even during the Leela group's ownership.\"The marketing policies were flawed. Then the airconditioning was out of order for almost four months. Even after MDLR took over, its luck didn't change. When Kanda lost interest in MDLR's casino operations in Goa, the vessel's upkeep took a beating with bare maintenance being given,\" sources said.The casino is set to receive a third lease of life with a new buyer indicating interest in taking over its operations very soon.\"The casino has its gaming licence valid till August 14. All other licences and permissions will be sought after a re-survey of the vessel. The deal for Rs 42 crore will be sealed within 10-12 days and the new buyer will pay the required licence fee (Rs 6.5 crore) to the state government. The casino's operations will be re-launched soon thereafter,\" sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15411755", "title": "I'm not in the race: Nitish", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar reiterated his stand on NDA's prime ministerial candidate on Wednesday and said he was never in the race for the top post. He firmly said in case of the NDA winning the next parliamentary elections, the person to head the government should be from the largest alliance partner.Asked if he has a preference for any such person, he shot back, \"Yes, I do have. But why should I tell you (media). I will disclose my cards at an appropriate time and forum.\"With the assertion of Nitish, a new round of speculations in the NDA has started. Since Nitish has already stonewalled the chances of Gujarat CM Narendra Modi during his interaction with senior BJP leaders, there are murmurings in the NDA circle that Bihar CM will love to bat for Advani in 2014.\"This is an era of coalition and the leader of the largest coalition partner should head the government. Otherwise, there might be political instability and weak governance,\" Nitish said while interacting with media persons in his assembly chamber. Nitish further reiterated that in his interview to The Economic Times, he has already expressed his views about what kind of future PM his party wants.\"There is absolutely no change in my stand. I stand by what I had said,\" Nitish said while referring to his June interview about a secular PM in which he rejected the chances of his Gujarat counterpart Narendra Modi.On Shiv Sena supremo Bal Thackeray's observation that a contest between Nitish and Narendra Modi for the top post is likely in case of NDA getting majority in 2014 elections, CM said, \"That is Thackeray's own inference. Let me make it clear that I am not in the race.\"Nitish denied there was any difference of opinion in his party over the issue which has once again taken political centre stage after Advani's blog about chances of a non-Congress, non-BJP prime minister after 2014 polls. He said the comments made by JD(U) national president Sharad Yadav and national spokesperson Shivanand Tiwary were the same. \"I have gone through that blog and its contents should be read in totality. What he means to say is there could be possibility of a non-Congress or non-BJP PM. But he has also warned such a government would not last,\" he said.Asked if he foresees any chance of Advani leading the party in 2014 election, Nitish said he was not in a position to say anything on this issue at the moment. About Advani, he said, \"He is an elderly leader and expresses his views as per his wisdom. Advani is a very misunderstood leader.\"Nitish also said, \"After Advani, I am the most misunderstood politician.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15413222", "title": "Are chemists selling feticide over the counter?", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Tightening the noose around errant clinics, where illegal sex determination tests are conducted, may not be enough to win the war against female feticide. It has come to light that some chemists sell pregnancy termination drugs, like Mifepristone and Misoprostol, without prescription. Experts believe this could be a big danger for the girl child in a state which has just 886 girls for every 1,000 boys in the age group of 0 to six years.The Gujarat Food and Drug Control Administration recently conducted raids at chemist shops across the state and found that pregnancy termination drugs, which can't be sold without a prescription, were being handed out over the counter with a premium. Officials believe a tough regulation is needed to stop this practice.\"We suspect that the drugs being sold illegally are to kill the fetus in an advanced stage of pregnancy. This is dangerous. A clear policy is must,\" says Gujarat food and drug commissioner HG Koshia.The numbers are startling. Out of 50 shops raided in Vadodara, 18 were caught selling drugs like Mifepristone and Misoprostol with a premium price tag illegally. The chemists had shops in posh areas like Karelibaug, Alkapuri, VIP road, Akota and railway station areas. In Ahmedabad, these drugs were largely sold illegally in Vatva and the adjoining industrial belt.To deter any further sale of these 'Schedule H' drugs, the food and drugs department registered an FIR against a pathology lab in Chiloda area which also led to the arrest of one person.Misoprostol causes the cervix to soften and the uterus to contract, resulting in the expulsion of the uterine contents. This leads to termination of the pregnancy. Mifepristone ends a pregnancy by blocking the receptors of the hormone progesterone, causing the lining of the uterine walls to shed during one's menstrual cycle. It also increases prostaglandin levels and dilates the cervix causing the fetus to flow out, facilitating abortion.Koshia adds, \"We are going to continue these raids and would round up errant chemists on a war footing. Our department realized during these raids that many chemists who sold these drugs over the counter, were not qualified to sell them.\"Only three towns in these raids, which were conducted till Tuesday evening, have come out clean. These are Surendranagar , Porbandar and Kalol. \"There will be more raids in these towns too.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15411297", "title": "APSRTC officials unearth fake bus passes", "text": "HYDERABAD: APSRTC officials found 290 fake bus passes during their surprise checks in the city. APSRTC managing director AK Khan on Wednesday said criminal cases would be registered against those found with fake bus passes.\"If cases are registered against students, their career will be affected,\" Khan said. All the 290 fake passes were found in the city and checks need to be conducted in other parts of the state, he added.He also said that the occupancy ratio (OR) of APSRTC has gone up to 75-80%. The revenue collection for August first week has also gone up by Rs 27 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15414267", "title": "Post-surgery, teen hopes to glide through life", "text": "CHANDIGARH: When Sarabjit Kaur saw her daughter walk at the age of 3, she had not imagined that this happiness would be transitory. Her daughter, Simran's (17) rheumatic arthritis became severe at the age of 11, so much so that she became crippled and could not walk as her knees were bent. Simran had to drop out of school due to medical problems, when she was in class II.Now after six years of her severe disability and the mental stress she faced, Simran has been operated upon and now is able to walk with some assistance. \"The first thing I will do after I am off the walker in three months time will be to walk to school and catch up with whatever I have missed out in life,\" said the young girl.Simran's arthritis is genetic as her mother also suffered from it. \"I used to feel disappointed to see Simran walk slowly and awkwardly. She was dependent on us for most of her work,\" said Harjinder Singh, her father.Besides looking forward to joining school again, Simran just can't wait to make friends and connect with the world. \"I was depressed as girls of my age used to play sports and do everything without any help, but I could not. Now I will be able to live normally,\" she smiled. Simran had been to most of the city hospitals but was refused treatment as her knee joint was almost fused. Besides, her young age was also an issue. \"We used a cobalt chrome implant. But what was difficult was skillfully cutting through her bones and fixing up the nerves which had shaped according to her bent knees,\" said Dr Manuj Wadhwa, the surgeon who operated upon her at a private hospital in Mohali.The incidence of arthritis among young patients in India is 1 in a 1,000. \"The implant has to be highly flexible and has more longevity in young patients. Earlier we had been seeing young patients in their early 30s. However with a case like Simran's, teen-aged arthritis has come up as a challenge,\" said Dr Wadhwa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15413072", "title": "Mary Kom, Devendro Singh punching for an entire region", "text": "BANGALORE: Recently, a boxing enthusiast asked fans of pugilist Mary Kom on a micro-blogging site to point out which state she comes from. It was quite an experience for many as they learnt the exact location of the 'Jewelled Land'.The boxers from Manipur -- Mary Kom and Devendro Singh - have not only fight their way to assure the country its highest Olympic tally but also highlighted their state and its neglect over the years to the nation.\"It's a great achievement as the duo's victories have changed people's perspective about North-East Indians. I'm really proud that they're from my state,\" said Vivekananda Rajkumar, a 32-year-old Manipuri who works for Logica.\"Not everybody in the country can tell the different North-Eastern states and their people from each other. These boxers' achievements will create awareness and help in the progress of our poor state,\" he said.Manipuris are ruing that Mary Kom lost in the semifinal to Nicola Adams of Great Britain but happy because she's assured of a bronze, Devendro Singh has to win his next bout to be assured of a medal.\"We're praying for the duo. However, I feel they've already accomplished much by bringing glory to Manipur,\" said Tayenjam Tikendrajit, president, Bangalore Manipuri Student's Association.People from the North-East, especially students, face a lot of difficulties adjusting in big cities like Bangalore as they overcome barriers of language, features and creed. There's some racial discrimination against these communities. Recently, a Manipuri engineering student was beaten to death by his seniors following an argument. Many hope that Manipuris winning medals for the country at the Olympics will help the North-East get the respect they deserve as equal citizens of the country.\"I expect racial discrimination to reduce as our people win medals for the country,\" said Longjam Tony Singh, who holds an MBA degree. \"People now want to know more about our state, which is a good sign,\" he said.Mary Kom's achievement could also turn the spotlight on women, another wronged section of Indian society. Despite the grinding poverty and rampant violence in her part of the country, the pugilist is a huge inspiration for women because she has fought against all odds to succeed. \"Despite being the mother of two, she's one of the country's shining hopes at the Olympics. She is an inspiration not only for the North-Eastern people but also for women who endure hardships on a daily basis,\" said Monika Khangenbam, a corporate communication executive.Mary Kom had revealed in an interview the racial discrimination she had to face in New Delhi. The bronze medal she brings back from Olympics will hopefully change this.MaryspeakProfiling Mary Kom in The Economist's Intelligent Life magazine, Rahul Bhattacharya writes:When (Mary Kom) walks the streets of Delhi with her fellow north-eastern athletes, they are sometimes mistaken for Nepali domestic help. 'I tell them we are not Nepali, we are Manipuri, so don't speak like that, this is very bad manners.' At other times they are taunted with the gibberish dispensed to those with oriental features: 'Something ching ching ching ching they start speaking, I don't know what. Even they don't know what! We are feeling bad. We are Indian.Ya, the face is different. But heart is Indian.'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "15412420", "title": "With good rain, Bisalpur dam level reaches 310 m", "text": "AJMER: The Bisalpur dam on Wednesday received good rain with water level reaching 309.97 metres. Officials are hopeful that with more showers in the catchment areas in the next few days, there will be regular flow of water into the dam.In the past one day, the dam received 1 cm of water which is enough for taking care of the drinking needs of Ajmer, Jaipur and parts of Tonk.\"The height of the dam is 315 metres and we store water till 312 metres. After that the water is given for irrigation. Last year too we had enough water in the dam for supply,\" said an official of water supplies department.After waiting long for monsoon, there were heavy rains in Ajmer and nearby regions. In Ajmer, there were 40 mm rain in just five hours. According to irrigation department, six lakes including three new ones have water and there is a possibility that water will reach few more lakes of the district.At present there is 8.6 feet water in Anasagar, 7.4 in Foisager, and 2.2 feet in Pushkar Lake. In the past one day, water also reached Hirniya (2.8), New Baroal (0.8) and Taj Sarover. The district has about 26 lakes and dams which are dependent on rain or on underground water channels.\"These lakes are the main source of irrigation as they help to maintain water level in the wells of their region,\" said an official.In fact, showers hit most part of the district on Tuesday night after a gap of 20 days. \"Till 7 in the morning, there were 9 mm rain in the city,\" said an official of Met department. \"Till 1.30 pm, there was 40 mm of rain,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15413048", "title": "Plea to strengthen SCERT to match RTE", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa school headmasters association has expressed happiness over the notification of state rules for the central government's Right to Education (RTE) Act, 2009. The association has, however, asked the chief minister to look at strengthening of the state council for educational research and training (SCERT) to bring in the curricular reforms that RTE speaks of.\"We are happy that the RTE rules for Goa are finally in place and want to congratulate the chief minister for his initiative. We also want to thank him for making us part of the process. Now, a revamp of the SCERT is what is the need of the hour so that implementation of the RTE takes place in the real sense. The SCERT has a major role to play with the RTE Act in force in curricular reforms,\" Sanjeev Sawant of the headmasters' association said.The SCERT needs a head with a background in research and should at least hold a doctorate. \"The Goa SCERT is in need of resource persons who can train teachers in innovative teaching methods. Goa SCERT does not have the necessary staff for such training and orientation programmes at present. The SCERT also needs scholars in academics who can carry out research in the area and bring about reforms,\" Sawant said.The SCERT was appointed as the academic authority under the RTE Act by the state government in April. This makes the SCERT the authority to decide on the curriculum and evaluation procedure for elementary education in Goa. But, in the state it lacks the necessary resources to bring about such reforms.Under Section 29 of the RTE Act, the state government has to appoint an academic authority which can lay down the curriculum and evaluation procedure from Classes I to VIII. According to the Right of Child to Free and Compulsory Education Act, 2009, the academic authority, while preparing the curriculum and evaluation procedure for elementary education, has to ensure that it leads to all round development of the child and builds up the child's talent, potential and knowledge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15414341", "title": "Making the music for change", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Their love for music and the desire to contribute to society had brought them together five months ago.Having performed shows for AIDS awareness, entertaining senior citizens through folk and classical Indian fusion of music with their band at Kalagram, this group of youngsters is out to soothe people's soul with their harmonious music.Known as Riyaz, this band of five has been formed by a group of Panjab University students along with young entrepreneurs from the Tricity. The band is a combination of two groups, who came together to promote classical Indian music through a trendy, western style.The group has also been the resident band in leading restaurants in Sector 26 and has performed in the best of cafes of the city besides performing at several shows outside the city.\"In addition to performing for shows with a social cause, we have been focusing on including folk and classical Indian form of music into our show,\" says Deepak Nath, the drummer in the group, who along with his brother Rupesh ideated the creation of this band.The word Riyaz, they say has been chosen since the mantra of all band members is \"practice, practice and more practice\".Arun Bhardwaj, who is pursuing PhD in anthropology from PU, says it was the passion for music that made him a part of this group. \"It has been over five years since I have been associated with the group members, but the band was recently formed,\" he says.Anant Kumar, a young entrepreneur who runs an event management company, says their zeal to bring harmony by performing Pakistani songs on stage kept the enthusiasm high.\"We have been drawing inspiration from Pakistani singers and performing their songs to salute the spirit of music that has brought the people of two countries together. We love their singers as much as they love our songs, movies and music,\" says Anant, who is the guitarist with the band.Taking about the unison of culture in the band, Parvesh Sharma, an MSc I (Geology) student from PU added, \"One of the most unique features of our band is that we are all residents of different states. One is from Himachal Pradesh, while another is from Haryana, Punjab and so on. Because of this diversity, we brought together ideas related to music and folk culture from our respective states,\" says Pravesh.The practice session for the group takes place in Sector 25, Panchkula, at a group member's residence and the members make it a point to get together for rigorous sessions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "15411032", "title": "Officials get ultimatum on bad roads", "text": "GONDIA: Continuous rains in Gondia for the last 10 days have made road travel dangerous due to the many potholes. The public works department seemed to have done some patch up work on these potholes, but the municipal authorities are not bothered. Now, Gondia collector Pradeep Kalbhore has given a 10-day ultimatum to the B&C; department, EGS and Gondia municipal council to repair these roads or face action under provisions of the disaster management act. At least 10 accidents have occurred in the last ten days on such roads.The main road from Balaghat road to Jaistambha Square has been damaged due to construction work of the railway over bridge (ROB). In 2008, the local consumers forum had brought this to the notice of the executive engineer (EE). He had told the delegation that it was the responsibility of the agency which was given the contract for this work but the EE had bothered to take any action. Recently, a child had died after falling into one of the pits dug up at the ROB site. But no offence was registered against the EE.Recently a delegation led by Dinesh Patekar and Arun Girhe had met the executive engineer of PWDKP, Janbandhu in this connection. Janbandhu told the delegation that the potholes were filled up with soil, however, the fillings are being swept away by the rains.In Janbandhu's opinion, cement roads of 35cm thickness are the only solution. He informed that he has already submitted a proposal of Rs65 crore to the government. But since the budget for the entire state for this purpose was only Rs200 crore, getting Rs65 crores for only Gondia was next to impossible unless some top leader takes up the matter with the government, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15412519", "title": "Flat's money trail leads to Deshmukh", "text": "NAGPUR: The source of funds with which Mukund Mankar, former Congress legislator from Katol, purchased a flat in the controversial Adarsh Society in Mumbai, leads up to Anil Deshmukh, the state food and civil supplies minister. TOI investigations show that there are many connections to the Nationalist Congress Party ( NCP) minister in the deal, which seem to have been cleverly wrapped in layers of financial transactions to ensure the identity of the real source is not revealed. Deshmukh is a legislator from Katol, about 50km from here.Some companies which have loaned money to facilitate the purchase of flats have at one time had their registered offices at the corporate address of the Nagpur Institute of Technology (NIT), a group of institutions run by Deshmukh (president) and his son Salil (secretary). The NIT campus is in Katol too. Another company which loaned money for the same purpose has two Deshmukh employees as directors.In another twist, Landscaper Realtors Private Limited (LRPL), which loaned the money to Mankar, changed hands soon after the former MLA was allotted the flat in mid-2009. The 2009-10 balance-sheet of the company, floated by land developer Gopal Kondawar and his brother Sanjay, show it did not have any other dealings but to generate and disburse Rs75.14 lakh that Mankar needed to buy the flat.LRPL's current owners are Meghul Ajmera and Samit Isaacs who, soon after taking over, registered its new address as Midas Heights building in tony Ramdaspeth, which is NIT's corporate address. They later shifted it to a ramshackle garage of a residential bungalow at Crorepati Lane in Civil Lines. Now, according to Ajmera, LRPL is set to shut shop. Incidentally, Midas Heights was constructed by Kondawar.Records with an investigating agency looking into the Adarsh fiasco showed that Mankar had borrowed from LRPL. \"After lending part of the amount, I sold the company to minister Anil Deshmukh,\" Kondawar told TOI last week.As per the registrar of companies records, there is no evidence to prove that Deshmukh is LRPL's owner. When TOI had reported in 2010 that Deshmukh was the benami owner of Mankar's flat, the former claimed he had no links with Mankar. Now, when asked to comment following fresh link-ups, Deshmukh said, \"Three agencies are investigating the Adarsh affair and the truth will emerge soon.\" He said Kondawar's claim that he was LRPL's owner was baseless.In 2010, Mankar had told TOI that he had obtained a bank loan to buy the flat. When confronted with facts, his son Prashant said they had taken the loan from Kondawar as banks were not ready to lend the amount. Mankar, in his 70s, suffers from paralysis, and lives in Digras Buzurg, an obscure hamlet in Katol taluka. As he is unable to travel, his son Prashant will depose before the judicial commission in Mumbai on Friday.Kondawar, from whose end the story begins, says he was approached by former Congress MLC Kanhaiyalal Gidwani, a promoter of Adarsh. \"He said a flat could be purchased in the name of a former legislator and I only got to know about Mankar through an agent,\" he told TOI.EDITED BY NAGPUR, NOT BEING USED IN MUMBAI: According to their agreement, Gidwani was to get kickbacks from Kondawar for helping him get a flat allotted in the name of Mankar.LRPL was incorporated on August 25, 2008 with Rs1 lakh as share capital by the Kondawar brothers. Its balance sheet for 2009-10 shows a share capital of Rs1 lakh and loans without any mortgage to the tune of Rs64.37 lakh. The loans came from eight sources - five corporate entities and three individuals.One of the corporates, Flourish Properties Private Limited, which has lent Rs6 lakh and operates from Satara, has Amit Gaidhane and Vinod Sahare as its directors. While the former is Salil's secretary, the latter is employed with NIT.Soon, Green Edifice Infraventures Pvt Limited became creditors of LRPL by lending it Rs21.07 lakh. It is owned by Aziz-u Rehman Zuhair Qadri who said he is a former tenant of Kondawar. Qadri, who has also lent Rs 7L in his individual capacity to LRPL, has an office in NIT's premises even though the company's registered address is at Jaffar Nagar. \"My office is adjacent to NIT,\" countered Qadri.When TOI visited Midas Heights on Wednesday, there was nothing to indicate Qadri's company Green Edifice Infraventures Pvt Ltd had an office in the complex. All the rooms in the east wing on the second floor of the Midas Heights belong to NIT. The receptionist had told TOI on Tuesday that Green Edifice's office was located at NIT's premises. First she had said that Qadri was in the office but a few minutes later said he had left the office. The receptionist had also said that she only knew a Zuhair Qadri.On the \"hand loan which is quite common in business circles\", Qadri said, \"I had no idea that it was being used to buy a flat in Adarsh.\" He added that he knows Salil \"well\" but has \"no business with him\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15411091", "title": "Poly student SMSes father minutes before ending life", "text": "NAGPUR: \"I am sorry Papa. I am committing suicide,\" said a text message from Rekha Singh, second year polytechnic student in electronics stream, to her father Ranjeet, a WCL manager at Kamptee. The 22-year-old Rekha had been afraid to face her father since she had lied to him about her repeated failures. She jumped to her death from the third-floor balcony of her hostel within a minute of sending the SMS.Rekha, second among five sisters, hailed from Parseoni village, and was staying in the girl's hostel at Trimurti Nagar near NIT Garden since the last two years. The Rana Pratap Nagar police were summoned to the spot. They recovered a suicide note written in her register from her room.PSI Vaishali Dhale said Rekha sent the text around 2.14pm. Ranjeet was at her college when he received the message. He immediately alerted the hostel warden on the landline phone, but Rekha had jumped before the hostel staff could reach her.Rekha's scream as she fell also alerted other hostel students and staff, who found her lying in a pool of blood, battling for life on the ground floor. Police said she was immediately rushed to a nearby private hospital at Khamla, but was declared brought dead.According to the police, Rekha had failed in five subjects last year. She had promised her parents to clear all subjects in the second attempt, but failed to do so. \"The first time, she told her parents about her failure and assured to clear the supplementary exam. However, when she failed again, she lied to Ranjeet that she had secured 61% in her second attempt,\" said police.Believing that Rekha had cleared her second year exam, Ranjeet had gone to the college to pay her admission fees for the third year on Wednesday morning. \"The principal revealed the truth about Rekha having failed. The principal also complained about Rekha's insincerity, and that she had not attended college for over a month,\" said Dhale. The news that her father was in college had reached Rekha through some of her friends.Before Ranjeet could call her, she wrote the suicide note and sent him the SMS about her decision to end her life. Police said that her suicide note appeals to her parents to forgive her for lying to them. She also mentioned how she had failed to clear the exam and hence spoiled their dreams.Police said that her roommate and hostel friends described Rekha as an introvert, who always dreamt of making it big for her parents. Cops have registered a case of accidental death and sent Rekha's body to Government Medical College and Hospital ( GMCH) for autopsy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "kapurthala", "code": "15412693", "title": "Bibi Jagir Kaur gets four-week parole", "text": "KAPURTHALA: Former Punjab minister and Shiromani Akali Dal MLA Bibi Jagir Kaur was released on parole for four weeks from a Kapurthala jail on Wednesday after spending four months there following her conviction in her daughter Harpreet Kaur's killing.She was released on the orders of DGP (prisons) Shashi Kant.Jail superintendent S P Khanna said that this has been done according to the provisions of jail manual. \"Convicts are released on parole after four months in jail depending on their conduct inside the jail. It is a routine and nothing exceptional happened in this case,\" he said.Bibi was sentenced to five-year rigorous imprisonment in the last week of March by a CBI court in Patiala. She has been in news since she landed in prison due to VIP treatment extended to her.The latest was honouring of Punjab police IG (prison) by Kaur during a religious function in the jail.\"Every prisoner has the right to go on parole after spending four months irrespective of their conviction under any crime,\" said Khanna.Bibi received a warm welcome from her supporters as she reached her Dera in Begowal village. Hundreds of men and women, including sarpanches and other local leaders, thronged her residence as news about her release spread in her constituency of Bholath.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15413727", "title": "Keeping date with tradition", "text": "BHOPAL: As the tradition goes, the entire family of Anwar Mohammed Khan gets ready to savour, 'iftar', the breaking of day's fast during the holy month Ramzan. One of the more notable places to rejoice is the 'dastarkhan' at iftar, not just for its nice delicacies, but the symbolism of all family members gathering together.Khan family too, follows a tradition, a typical to the Bhopali way of life, during Ramzan. For the lady of the house, Shahzana Khan, Ramzan means a lot of work and being punctual. The routine includes getting ready food items like bhajiya, papad, almond dates, tukhmerehan sharbat, nukhti kharey and chane ki daal, all in time. Of course, this isn't the main course, which takes place after prayers.For some in the Anwar family, craving for guava chaat has to be satisfied, a standard item during iftar for most. However, searching for guava's during off-season was not easy. Shahzana just got lucky. One of her school teachers had a guava tree in house. \"We have been lucky this season,\" she admits.Two hours before iftar, at about 5 pm there is a serious attempt to get things moving. \"Miyan ka sharbaat ho gaya kya?\" asked a concerned voice. \"We have to delegate work. Nobody wants to be late,\" said Shahzana.In the kitchen is soaked chana dal mixed is mixed with onion, green chilli and pepper. Chana dal and maaghaz sharbaat (prepared from seeds of five fruits like papaya, muskmelon and water melon) are considered for their nutritional benefits.Besides the oily items like papad, moong dal pakaoda and bhajeya, the one to fancy are the chilled sharbaats ready to quench the day long thirst.One by one the plates are served. Men, women and children sit patiently, waiting for the canon to fire, signalling the break of fast.\"As a rule, before anyone takes a bite, a portion of all the delicacies sent to the nearby mosque and given to someone needy,\" explained Anwar Mohammed Khan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15413135", "title": "Minor reshuffle in Jagadish Shettar cabinet next week", "text": "BANGALORE: CM Jagadish Shettar is set to reshuffle some portfolios. On Wednesday, he admitted it would be a minor rejig anytime in the next week. Senior ministers who hold more than one portfolio may have to give up their additional departments. Kannada and culture minister Govind Karjol and municipal administration minister Balachandra Jarkiholi are among the aggrieved ministers waiting for plum portfolios.MLC's nominationThe nomination of three MLCs to the legislative council will also be decided soon. Those in the race are MD Lakshminarayana, a close aide of BS Yeddyurappa, film actor Shruti, former Rajya Sabha member KB Shanappa, and chief of the BJP's Kissan and Mazdoor wing Sadashiva.Metro railReach 3 of Metro Rail, between Yeshwanthpur and Peenya, will be ready for public use by January 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15416885", "title": "Chandrabindoo goes national", "text": "Having worked with Vidya Balan earlier, Chandrabindoo is all set to score yet another hit. This time around, the popular Bangla band is geared up for some action on the national front. They have composed for an ad, their first-ever Hindi venture, featuring superstar Akshay Kumar.Even if it's a pan-India ad of a bike brand, Chandrabindoo didn't really have to go the extra mile. \"The makers wanted to use our song, \" Bhindeshi  tara \". But considering the legal hassles involved, we thought of composing a new track. The song was recorded in Mumbai at Biswadeep Chatterjee's studio. The best part was that Naveen, who is AR Rahman's main flautist, worked with us,\" says frontman Anindya. The vocalist adds, \"The master ad featuring Vidya was made in Bengali. It was later translated into other languages. But for this song, the lyrics were written in Hindi and we put them to tune.\" The band is also thrilled about scoring for an Akki ad. \"He is the most-talked about actor after the Khans. Kudos to Akshay for continuing in the industry the way he has been.\"Directed by Bauddhayan Mukherji the commercial traces the journey of a small-town boy. Says Bauddhayan, \"It shows a man going back to his town to bring his mother back with him. Rarely does a song in an ad make one this emotional. Chandrabindoo has done a great job. For the ad that I have shot in Manali, Gurgaon, Mumbai, I needed a soundtrack of a different kind. Something that stands out from the regular crop of songs on television. And Chandrabindoo seemed like the perfect choice as the essence of the ad is nostalgia.\"Even if \" Bhindeshi tara\" was his first choice, Bauddhayan had to work out a tune in sync with the national sensibility. \"The proxy track was in Bangla and it was liked by all. But later, we had to change it into Hindi for that mass appeal. That's why Chandrabindoo had to compose a new song. A little boy, Shreyan, has sung the number,\" he says, adding that the feedback has been \"very warm\" so far. When Chandrabindoo is at the mic, you only expect this and more!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15411320", "title": "Rain check: Toy train trial run on Friday", "text": "MUMBAI: Central Railway (CR) will undertake a trial run of toy train between Aman Lodge and Matheran on Friday to pave the way for running of services during the rainy season. If the trial succeeds, it will be for the first time in the history of toy train that services will be run during the monsoon.CR suspends toy train services between Neral and Matheran during the monsoon for safety reasons.A CR official said, \"The trial will be carried out over a period of two days. On completion of the trial run, a report will be sent to the commissioner of railway safety (central circle) for approval to run the service during the monsoon.\"CR plans to introduce monsoon services from August 20 if the plan is approved. The official said, \"We plan to run at least one service every hour between sunrise and sunset. The train will have eight coaches. It is expected to complete the journey in 15-20 minutes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15413632", "title": "4 including woman cop die in different accidents", "text": "MADURAI: Four people were killed in different road accidents in Madurai and Tirunelveli districts on Wednesday.A mini truck, carrying parcels from Dindigul, was going towards Kanyakumari when it met with an accident. The vehicle was driven by S Karthik (25) from Dindigul, while G Sivaraja (54) also from Dindigul and S Muthukumar (22) from Tuticorin were travelling in it. At around 4am, the mini truck rammed a moving container truck from behind at Kavalkinaru in Panakudi police limits in Tirunelveli districts.The truck sustained severe damage due to the impact and Sivaraja and Muthukumar were killed on the spot. Lorry driver, Karthik suffered serious injuries and was rushed to a private hospital in Nagercoil. Fire and rescue department personnel rushed to the spot and along with the police personnel carried out rescue operations. An earth mover had to be brought to separate the two vehicles to retrieve the two bodies.Police sources said they have filed a case against the mini truck driver Karthik since the accident occurred due to his mistake. The mini truck driver collided with the other vehicle from behind and based on the complaint from the container truck driver, Veerapandi of Kayathar, Panakudi police have filed a case against the Karthik, police sources said.In another incident, a woman police constable and her relative were killed, as the car they were travelling collided with a stationary truck at Valarnagar in Othakadai police limits in Madurai district on Tuesday night. Mercy Gracy from Aruppukottai is a constable attached to the commissioner's office in Chennai. She was on her way to Aruppukottai from Chennai along with her relative Udayakumar in a car. When they neared Valarnagar on the four-way lane, the car accidently collided with a stationary truck on the roadside. Both Mercy Gracy and Udyakumar were killed on the spot. Othakadai police recovered the bodies and filed a case in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15411180", "title": "NMC contractors encroach upon Orange City Street scheme land", "text": "NAGPUR: Like in Bhagwagar layout, two contractors working with Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) have encroached upon part of Rs 700 crore land reserved for NMC's Orange City Street scheme. One of the two contractors is RM Goplani, who had also encroached upon NMC land at Bhagwagar layout. Even more worryingly, slums are cropping up on the land creating fear that the entire land may soon be irretrievably lost.Both contractors are using the stretch of land between Khamla and Trimurti Nagar. Member of standing committee and senior corporator Praful Gudadhe confirmed to TOI that Goplani and Central India Engineering run by Dilip Rathi had no permission from the NMC to use the land. \"I checked from head office and Laxmi Nagar zone office. There is no permission from any authority. Strict action should be taken against the two and their encroachments removed. Charges for using the land for years should also be recovered from them,\" he said.Goplani is using the land for keeping equipment. Huge quantity of materials is stored on the land along with parking of JCBs and trucks. He has even constructed three offices on the land. Entrance on the both sides of compound wall has been constructed. NMC officials and Gudadhe informed Goplani was awarded the work to construct compound wall on the land. \"That work was completed two years ago. Goplani should have then vacated the land. But he continued to use the land for other works without any permission,\" they said.The Rathi has encroached upon an even larger patch. The contractor is working on water pipeline network under JNNURM. He is using the land to keep pipes and other machinery without any permission. Rathi is doing so since four years. NMC had not permitted use of land to Unity Infrastructure that is doing the work of cement roads. Former chairman of standing committee Sandip Joshi said proposal to let it use the land was prepared but not approved due to strong opposition from some corporators.Rathi claimed he had permission from water works department to use the land. He justified his action saying he was doing NMC work. It could not be confirmed if water works department has given such permission but the department has no authority to permit use of NMC land to an outsider. Jitu Goplani, son of RM Goplani, said the work on compound wall was still going on and it was the site office.Besides, four scrap dealers too have encroached on smaller parts of the land. Large numbers of dwelling units are also cropping up on the stretch between Trimurti Nagar and Yashodhara Nagar triggering obstacles in the ambitious project.The municipal commissioner can permit use of NMC land for a period of one year and standing committee can do so for up to three years. Deputy engineer of Laxmi Nagar Zone VV Kahalkar said he was unaware whether any permission was given for using land or not. Assistant commissioner of Laxmi Nagar Zone Subhashchandra Jaidev was not available for comment despite repeated attempts. A couple of days ago, chairman of standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari vowed to start the long pending Orange City Street scheme in four months. It will be interesting to see he is able to at least remove encroachments on it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15413037", "title": "Pavements are meant for public, not for taps: High court", "text": "BANGALORE: Pulling up the Mysore City Corporation for not removing a public tap in front of the house of a doctor despite repeated pleas for the past six years, the high court on Wednesday directed the civic body to remove it immediately.\"Pavements are meant for public to walk. They are not for meant for taps. There should not be any obstructions to people's movement. Otherwise, people will be compelled to walk on roads and there are chances of them being hit by city buses. The public tap in front of petitioner's house should be removed forthwith,\" Justice Ram Mohan Reddy observed while asking the Mysore City Corporation to file a compliance report by August 28.MN Srikantaiah, a doctor residing at Old Woodward Road, Hosa Bandikeri in KR Mohalla, filed a petition in 2010 claiming that that the authorities have not removed the tap despite him filing a complaint in April 2006.\"The public tap is causing intolerable nuisance. People clean their clothes, cattle and vehicles there. People who come to fetch water often quarrel using abusive language. The civic authorities, who conducted a spot inspection said they have paucity of staff and could not remove it. Some anti-socials objected to me removing the tap. Because of the mental agony and health problems, I was forced to shift to another house,\" the doctor said in his petition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15414933", "title": "Gas refilling racket busted", "text": "KANPUR: Team of district supply office on Wednesday busted a domestic gas refilling racket and seized several LPG cylinders from a gas-refilling unit in Sanigwan area of Chakeri.Acting on a tip-off, team headed by an official of civil supplies department RK Yadav raided a refilling unit at Sanigwan road in Chakeri and seized two big and one small domestic LPG cylinders, besides two refilling machines, several refilling valves used in the illegal business.On seeing the raid team, the owner of the illegal refilling unit escaped from the spot.According to police, the accused, whose identity could not be ascertained, used to purchase domestic gas cylinders from delivery boys of various gas agencies by paying double the original price.He then used to refill gas into five and two kg cylinders, which were sold for Rs 400 and Rs 200 respectively.The illegal refilling units also pose serious threat as it is located in a residential area, a raid team member said.A case would be lodged against the accused after apprising the district magistrate about the illegal practice being carried out in residential area by the accused, said RK Yadav, an official of civil supplies department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15415104", "title": "Cops act three days after 10 die in collapse of stadium", "text": "CHENNAI: After dragging its feet for three days, the Tiruvallur district police arrested four persons in connection with the collapse of a stadium under construction on an engineering college campus near Sunguvarchatram , which left 10 migrant workers dead.Though the stadium collapsed on August 6, the first arrest was made only on Wednesday . The delay gave rise to suspicion of a cover-up .Police, who were initially tight-lipped about the arrest and the penal provisions invoked against those responsible for the deaths due to negligence, said later that Marie Wilson, 34, managing director of the trust running theJeppiar Institute of Technology; site engineers Arul Jayam and Ambrose; and Suganandam , in-charge of the scaffolding work; had been arrested.No babus accused in stadium collapse caseThey have been charged under IPC Section 304 (punishment for culpable homicide not amounting to murder) and Section 308 (punishment for attempt to culpable homicide). This is in stark contrast to the alacrity with which police, revenue and transport authorities moved to arrest people responsible for the death of a girl, who fell through a hole on the floor of her school bus on July 25. Within a day, the school correspondent and four others were arrested, and the motor vehicle inspector who certified the bus was also arrested.But no public servant has been included as an accused in the stadium collapse case. If a motor vehicle inspector could be held responsible for a bus mishap, why no civic authority who had granted planning permission or a labour official who had failed to ensure safe work environment for construction labourers was arraigned as an accused in the stadium wall collapse case?While Section 304 of IPC has been appropriately invoked against those arrested, it remains to be seen what tortious liability is applied to the college management, which has reportedly paid Rs 2 lakh each to the family of the deceased . Under the Employees Compensation Act, the college management, which is the principal employer, is bound to inform the deputy commissioner of labour about an accident involving labourers and also deposit an amount with the official to be disbursed among the victims' families. If the college is able to prove that it had no role in the tragedy, it could recover the compensation money from its contractor . It has to be seen whether this procedure has been followed in the matter.Around 50 workers, mostly from Odisha and Assam, were engaged in the construction work at the private engineering college in Kunnam village. While six bodies have already been handed over to the victims' relatives, four are remaining at a private hospital in Porur. Nearly 500 migrant workers, engaged in the construction of the stadium for the past couple of years, are put up in makeshift shelters near the college campus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15417666", "title": "Two-day workshop on plant diversity, conservation from tomorrow", "text": "MANGALORE: A two-days workshop on plant diversity and conservation has been arranged at Pilikula Nisarga Dhama from August 10 with financial assistance of Union Ministry of Environment and Forest. The Western Ghats forests are biologically very rich area and it is one among the 34 global biodiversity hotspots having rich floral and faunal diversity.Diverse ecosystems of the Ghats supports rich biodiversity coupled with higher endemism could be attributed to humid tropical climate, topographical and geological characteristics, and geographical isolation. But various anthropogenic activities that are being carried out in forests of Western Ghats is posing threat and pushed many its organisms on the verge of extinction.To create awareness in college students regarding the importance of plant taxonomy and conservation, there will be inauguration of threatened plants garden, guest lectures by resource persons and demonstrations on plant taxonomy in field and laboratory. M. Sanjappa, former director of Botanical Survey of India will inaugurate the Threatened Plants Garden.R R Rao, INSA scientist and former head, National Botanical research Institute, Lucknow will inaugurate the workshop. This will be followed by guest lectures by eminent resource persons like RR Rao, M. Sanjappa, K Gopalakrishna Bhat, Udupi, MD Rajanna, and Krishna Kumar- Chairman, Department of Applied Botany, Mangalore University.KM Kaveriappa, member secretary, Karnataka State Higher Education Council will preside over the inaugural function. Students from Mangalore University and different colleges will be participating in the workshop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "belpahari", "code": "15412056", "title": "Mamata Banerjee promises govt jobs to surrendered Maoists", "text": "BELPAHARI: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Wedne-sday announced that surrendered Maoists will be given government jobs \u2014 home guards at that. No other Maoist-affected state in the country has thought of such an offer. Mamata's statement is all the more significant because in Bengal, homeguards often act as back-up for the regular police force that is perennially short-staffed.The first chief minister to come to Belpahari in four decades, Mamata drew a 70,000-strong crowd at the Belpahari block grounds, where 24-year-old Maoist Rabi Murmu laid down his .315 bore rifle, a 9mm pistol and 22 bullets before her. He is the 37th Maoist to surrender before the Trinamool-led administration. Only eight rebels had surrendered during the Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee regime.The state pays every surrendered Maoist a monthly stipend of Rs 2,000 for three years and a fixed deposit of Rs 1.5 lakh, which they can encash only after the 36-month period. There is also a financial reward for surrendering weapons \u2014 Murmu, for example, will get Rs 3,000 for each of his firearms and Rs 3 for each bullet.But once these surrendered rebels get a government job, they will lose the financial benefits.Maoist-affected Andhra Pradesh , Jharkhand and Chhattisgarh do not offer government jobs to surrendered Maoists. But Mamata's bold offer appears to be in sync with the home ministry's revised guidelines under which the Centre will foot the bills for work undertaken under the surrender-cum-rehabilitation policy for Maoists.Bengal tops the chart in maximum utilization of funds allocated under the Integrated Action Plan (IAP) among all rebel-hit states.The Bengal government's success in luring rebels to the surrender package, however, can be undone by the slow pace of trial in the host of criminal cases in which these rebels have been implicated or charged by police. The chief minister on Wednesday also announced setting up of two fast-track courts in Jhargram and cleared the decks for the appointment of two additional district judges.In case of surrendered Maoists, the Centre leaves it to the discretion of the states whether to push ahead with prosecution of heinous offences. Cases still being investigated by police are easier to withdraw, but not those that are already in the trial stage. Hence, the CM's decision to set up fast-track courts and appoint additional district judges to expedite such cases.Mamata had earlier said Maoists accused of heinous crimes would be tried in court. The Left Front government had slapped grievous charges, including sedition, against these rebels. Some were even booked under UAPA. This was one of the reasons why the government's initial attempts to form a review committee to release political prisoners hit a legal stone wall.Mamata kept up her onslaught against the Maoists who still refuse to shun the gun. \"I am ready to fight with ideology, but not with murderers and looters. I urge them to return to the mainstream. If they don't, I will be the last person to tolerate the bloodshed of my own people. Even today, I was asked not to come here because there was an apprehension that I would be killed. But I am not one to fear death. The day I die, it will give birth to a crore who will take 'them' on. Peace is the pre-condition for development. Why should you let a mere 10 people snatch peace from you?\" she said. \"Apnara ki bhoye paben (will you be scared)?\" she asked, as the crowd roared back \"naa\".The CM announced a slew of development projects, including a Rs 21-crore drinking water plant in Binpur, which will help about 17,000 people in this parched zone. The government will recruit an additional 5,700 people from Jangalmahal for the state police and the Railway Protection Force will take another 700, she said. Undeterred by the recent furore over \"voyeuristic\" tribal tourism, Mamata said plans are afoot to promote tribal tourism in a big way here. Unveiling a Rs 6-crore tourism circuit for the region, the CM said: \"If a foreigner or a tourist prefers to stay with you in your home and shares your food, it will help you earn only if you are ready to allow it. This will be a boon for your economic development. Switzerland will come to Belpahari one day.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "15417110", "title": "Gurudwara attack: American Sikhs angry at protests against US in India", "text": "JALANDHAR: The Sikhs in US are angry over burning of American flags or demonstrations against US by a some protestors in India and the common refrain among them is that these \"protests\" were rather cause problems to them in the country which has stood behind them after this attack on gurudwara.\"When US government and its people have stood with us in this hour of shock why should a nation or the government be blamed for the attack by a lunatic. Such protests send wrong signals about our community in the country of which we are now integral part. Worst is that when Sikhs are getting a very positive coverage in media about their religion and identity some non-entities are rather damaging our image,\" said Gursharan Singh, President of Sikh Temple at Portland from US.\"You can't blame a nation for the handowork of a lunatic and not even the government of US when the entire might of the state machinery has stood behind us. A police officer risked his life, they eliminated the attacker immediately and that the US government took every step to the bottom of the issue,\" held Bahadur Singh, President of Sikh Temple Salem, while speaking to TOI from US. \"It is better that these professional protestors protest against Indian authorities who have been denying justice to Sikhs for the last 28 years after massacre of Sikhs in Delhi,\" he saidDr. Rajwant Singh, Chairman of Sikh Council on Religion and Education, said, \" by burning flag of United States , these people are harming the interests of the Sikh community worldwide, especially the Sikhs in the US. This seems like a disgruntled group without much following and their showing swords and burning of the flag is totally opposite to what Sikhs stand for and the peaceful message the Sikh community is currently portraying. We are proud the way America and its leadership at all levels has embraced the grieving community across the nation.\"\"While these appear to be tiny groups especially the one led by Paramjit Singh Pamma of National Akali Dal in Delhi having very few Sikhs with him we are also surprised that Shromani Akali Dal, the political party in Punjab who supposedly looks after the issues of the Sikhs, hasnothing to say against outrageous theatrical acts of these goons,' he said while also advising the media in India to act with restrain and to at least check the credentials of such fellow who turn up for media attention only..Meanwhile Sikhs For Justice (SFJ), a human rights advocacy group, said \"this would also fuel anti Sikh sentiments in US when it is clear from the attack that anti-Sikh sentiments were budding in some quarters of American Society\"Manpreet Singh, living in Denver Colorado and running his two stores there, when image of Sikhs were emerging as peace loving people with great human values in the US media after this attack but these protests with violent tinge were harming the community. \"The few groups who have protested in Punjab against US government should ask the Punjab government and union government if they have been delivering justice to Sikhs,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15413454", "title": "More passport kendras in future", "text": "LUCKNOW: The number of applications processed by the Passport Seva Kendras (PSKs) is gradually increasing. The Regional Passport Office was opened up four PSKs, one each at Lucknow, Kanpur, Gorakhpur and Varanasi, in March 2012. PSKs in the last four months have successfully processed 61,086 applications. PSKs have issued close to 17,000 passports till July 31, 2012 in Lucknow.On Wednesday, officers from the regional passport office and the Tata Consultancy Services (TCSs) talked about improving the service further. The Ministry of External Affairs (MEA), GoI, in partnership with TCS have taken several proactive measures to enhance passport related services for the people in Bundelkhand, Eastern and Central Uttar Pradesh.\"Lucknow PSK gives some 600 tokens everyday. The other three give some 400 tokens everyday,\" said JP Singh, regional passport officer, Lucknow. At four PSKs, about 2,000 passport applications are being submitted every day.In the days to come, passport office might open counters at places other than the PSKs, where people can submit the passport applications. This would not require people to come to the PSKs for submission. MEA is also working towards checking fake registrations.It's under the e-governance initiative of the ministry of external affairs that 77 PSKs have been set up all over the country and they are connected to 37 passport offices in the country.The ministry is improving governance in passport offices by focusing on citizen-centricity, service orientation and transparency. MEA is planning to open more PSKs and mini-PSKs at places where demand is growing constantly.MEA has entered into a contract with the TCS for six years. The ministry might extend the term of contract by two more years. Apart from the four PSKs under the jurisdiction of Lucknow passport office, facilitation centres also exist at Ghaziabad and Bareilly. \"Currently the citizen satisfaction index at the four PSKs is consistently above 99.5%,\" said the passport officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15413406", "title": "Jugaad innovators: MIT in search of Indian might", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The world's best-known technology school wants to learn from India's innovators. Massachusetts Institute of Technology's business school plans to understand from India's grassroots innovators how to make affordable, multi-functionary products sometimes using complex technology without compromising on efficiency.A team comprising students and faculty of MIT Sloan School of Management was in Ahmedabad on Sunday to meet two grassroots innovators \u2014 Mansukhbhai Prajapati from Rajkot and Dharma Veer Kamboj from Haryana \u2014 to learn about frugality and creating products useful to the society. They also shared their perspective on innovations at MIT with the participants of Creativity, Innovation, knowledge, Network and Entrepreneurship course at Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad (IIM-A).The team also explored opportunities of jointly developing ideas. \"MIT, IIM-A and Honey Bee Network are keen to find a common ground to develop unique ideas,\" said Anil Gupta , professor at IIM-A and founder of Honey Bee Network. The innovators can also seek assistance from MIT on technology matters, said Gupta. The group of students was led by faculty members Robert Stoner, who is the associate director of the MIT Energy Initiative at MIT, and Charles Fine, faculty and co-director of the International Motor Vehicle Program at MIT Sloan. The team also included students of a new program at MIT started to develop frugal design for Indian needs. This program is led by Sanjay Sarma, professor of mechanical engineering at MIT.Both Prajapati and Kamboj are associated with the Honey Bee Network. While Prajapati has created userfriendly products out of clay and holds a patent for a refrigerator made out of traditional clay, Kamboj has developed a multipurpose food processing machine that facilitates on-farm processing or herbs, flowers and fruits.\"The team spent about three hours with the innovators to understand how these innovators have developed simple products, which are low cost and easy maintenance, using complex technology. The meeting was webcast across some IIMs in order to have a wider community of stakeholders,\" said Gupta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15412728", "title": "Food and Drug Administration to monitor onion traders", "text": "NASHIK: For the first time ever, wholesale onion traders would be required to obtain licences from the Food and Drug Administration (FDA).The FDA has decided to introduce the licensing system for onion traders as part of its drive to monitor transaction of food items as prescribed under the Food Safety and Standards Act.As per the Act, the licence is compulsory for businesses with a turnover of more than Rs 12 lakh and registration is compulsory for businesses with a turnover of ess than Rs 12 lakh.Speaking to TOI, Chandrakant Pawar, joint commissioner (Food), Nashik division, FDA, said, \"We are covering all the food related segments making registration and licence compulsory. As part of this, we are soon bringing onion traders under our scanner.\"\"There are around 1,500 large onion traders in district, while small and medium onion traders are in large numbers. We will cover all of them gradually,\" Pawar addedApart from Onion traders, the FDA officials will also cover other segments of food businesses which we haven't been covered yet. This includes vegetable vendors, paan stall owners, Chinese food stalls etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15412395", "title": "Stop illegal jailing of Pak nationals: SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: If the nationality of Pakistani prisoners in India is not confirmed by the Pakistani government, there is little India can do for their repatriation, the Supreme Court said on Wednesday on learning that sending back 29 prisoners who had completed their prison term was delayed because there was no response on their nationality from the Pakistani high commission.However, a bench of Justices R M Lodha and A R Dave said the Supreme Court would not tolerate any unauthorized incarceration of Pakistani nationals who had completed their prison term.It sent out a loud message to the administration by asking Jammu and Kashmir additional home secretary Dilshad Ahmed to show cause why contempt proceedings be not initiated against her for filing an affidavit in the apex court stating that a Pakistani prisoner, Sikander Azam, would be released in 2013 when he should have been freed in 2011 after serving his three-year sentence under the Unlawful Activities Prevention Act.J&K; standing counsel Sunil Fernandes repeatedly requested the court for withdrawal of the show cause notice and said the additional home secretary would apologize for the mistake and be present in court to explain her position. But the bench brushed aside the request and asked her to respond to the notice by October 16.The court ordered immediate release of Azam and directed that he be brought to Delhi and lodged at Lampur Sewa Sadan, a rehabilitation and reform home.Petitioner and senior advocate Bhim Singh argued that the government was not doing enough to repatriate 29 Pakistanis who had served their sentences and were not wanted for any other offence.But additional solicitor general P P Malhotra informed the court that the Indian government was ready to repatriate them once their nationality was confirmed by the Pakistani high commission.The bench said, \"If nationality of these prisoners is not confirmed by Pakistan for six months, what is the practical solution? Pakistan government should be concerned about their citizens. If they do not have a system, India cannot create one.\"It also found that 46 Pakistani fishermen were detained in Gujarat and the state government had not registered any offence against them. The court was told that though the Gujarat government had already given its no-objection for their repatriation, their nationality was not confirmed by the high commission.Taking the cases of Pakistani prisoners who have served their sentence and the fishermen, the bench expressed hope that \"the Pakistani high commission will complete the exercise as early as possible and convey it to the Indian government\".Once the intimation about nationality came from Pakistani high commission, the government would take steps to repatriate them within four weeks, the bench ordered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15412550", "title": "Youths show blatant disregard for rules", "text": "JAIPUR: A brazen disregard for rules and an ostentatious display of money and muscle power by the aspiring candidates in the run up to the students' elections has become the order of the day here.On Wednesday, half-a-dozen rallies virtually brought all the activities, including regular classes, on the campus at a standstill. While use of loudspeakers and organizing huge rallies disrupting the academic process is prohibited, the students' groups cared little about breaking these.One Lalit Yadav, who claimed to be an NSUI leader and a potential candidate for the president's post, headed a rally of nearly 500 students from the university main gate to the vice-chancellor secretariat. He demanded that the V-C organize debates between candidates contesting the elections on the lines of Jawaharlal Nehru University and Delhi University . The rally also disrupted the traffic on the JLN Marg.Another potential candidate from ABVP, Sunil Khatik, held a meeting with around 200 students on the campus. Students raised slogans in a bid to attract the media and in the process caused inconvenience to other students.Independent candidates have gone a step further with one burning an effigy, to protest against corruption, on the campus. The university administration, which is expected to act as a watchdog, has not taken any action, so far, in checking such practices.\"I fear these youngsters will never learn to respect rules and will bend them as per their convenience,\" said Rajiv Gupta, head of department, sociology, RU.Date for filing nomination announced: The Rajasthan University announced the dates for filing nomination and withdrawing on August 13 and August 14 respectively. The list of voters will be completed by August 11. The polls are scheduled on August 18 and the results will be announced on the same day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15411638", "title": "Maruti mob was just 100-strong", "text": "GURGAON: Police officials have confirmed that the mob that was responsible for last month's violence consisted of approximately 100 people, contrary to earlier reports of a 650-strong crowd overpowering the police personnel present at the spot.According to reports, more than 50 cops were stationed at the plant before the situation went out of hand, and yet they were unable to control the assailants. The violent uprising of July 18 at Maruti's Manesar plant has since been termed an episode of 'mob fury'. Initial reports said that over 1,200 workers, both from the morning and afternoon shifts, got together and went on the rampage near the HR wing of the plant. Later, the figure was revised to 650. 650 that nonetheless outnumbered the 50 or so policemen already present at the time of the incident and were not able to contain the miscreants, before it was too late.But now, the Gurgaon police have said that around \"100 people\" were part of the enraged crowd. Maheshwar Dayal, DCP (east), who is heading the special investigation team, said their probe has confirmed that there were no more than 100 men involved in the incident. \"This number includes those who participated in all kinds of violence,\" he said.This raises questions on why the police personnel were unable to control this small group. \"Police personnel were outside the gates. Workers pushed them and entered the plant premises. The cops couldn't get in before the violence began,\" Dayal added. Several accounts of Maruti employees had also stated that the assailants had locked the front gates of the plant.But some still believe that the police should be held accountable. According to Kuldeep Janghu, general secretary of the Maruti Udyog Kamgar Union, cops present at the plant could have easily confronted the group and fended off the crisis. \"I was told that there were 70 policemen before the violence began. Had they all blocked the stairs going to the HR wing, not a single worker would have dared to go up. And if there were only 100 people, how difficult was it to manage? The police force clearly did not handle the situation enough,\" he said.The recent arrests made by cops have also sparked controversy with local unions calling many of them illegitimate and groundless.Management representatives of Maruti refused to comment on this new finding, and added that they were in the process of holding an internal inquiry to identify the culprits.TIMES VIEWIf it is true that the mob that unleashed violence in the Maruti factory at Manesar was merely 100-strong, it raises some very serious questions about the role of the Haryana police contingent present on the spot. Common sense would suggest that the police could have done much more to prevent the situation turning as ugly as it did leading to the loss of a life. The Haryana police must investigate whether this was the case and if so take disciplinary action against the concerned officers. It should also put in place a standard operating procedure for such situations in the future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15411677", "title": "2,500 potholes could damage Ganpati idols: Girish Walawalkar", "text": "MUMBAI: This time last year, the city Ganpati mandals' governing body met the chief minister and the home minister to ensure an incident-free Ganeshotsav. A year later, the parent body says that none of the discussed issues from potholes to installation of CCTV cameras have been resolved. This season, it has therefore demanded that local corporators repair large potholes within a specific time frame.On Wednesday, Mumbai Sarvajanik Ganeshotsav Samanvay Samiti officials met civic chief Sitaram Kunte to discuss the BMC's arrangements for the festival. Girish Walawalkar, secretary of the Samiti, told TOI, \"Until now we have identified about 2,500 potholes that can damage idols. The commissioner has assured us of full cooperation.\" Kunte has directed both the central agency as well as the assistant commissioners of each ward to fill the potholes as soon as possible.\"It is heartbreaking to see large idols develop cracks even as they are ferried to the pandal. Who can forget last year's incident when the beautiful idol of a prominent Lalbaug mandal collapsed on Anant Chaturdashi day?\" says Naresh Dahibawkar, president of the Samiti.The Samiti has requested authorities to instal CCTV cameras at major pandals and along immersion routes due to the terror threat. \"We are willing to put cameras and metal detectors inside mandaps,\" says Dahibawkar. \"Following the recent blasts in Pune, we have asked the CM to provide security,\" adds Walawalkar.Devotees say festive revellery has been curtailed owing to the declaration of 2,300 silence zones. Walawalkar says at least 800 schools are located near Ganesh pandals.The Samiti says it is doing its best to eliminate the feeling of competition amongst mandals and most have agreed to restrict idols' height to 18 feet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15412586", "title": "Thiruvananthapuram's dog-catchers threaten to quit", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Next time panic-stricken city-residents ring up the corporation dog squad for help, it is less likely that the call will be answered and the complaint redressed.Upset by the delay in payment of their wages, the four dog-catchers of the city's already under-staffed dog squad have informed the corporation that they are unwilling to continue their job.Dog catcher N J Satheesh Kumar who was directly recruited by the corporation has also threatened to quit his job unless the corporation takes immediate measures to ensure prompt payment.The dearth of dog catchers had forced Satheesh to recruit some assistants on his own. \"I have been taking care of their expenses till now as I needed help. But now there is no way I can pay them. Even my salary is pending for the last few months. How can I survive with this money,\" he said.The members of the dog squad have long been demanding for a rise in their wages. At present the corporation pays Rs 75 per dog for a dog catcher. \"It is evident how insufficient this sum is. Even then we decided to continue with the job simply because of the huge number of stray dogs in the city,\" said a dog-catcher.The decision of the dog catchers will be a huge blow to the corporation that is looking at curbing the stray dog menace, especially after the recent accident in which a youth died after being chased down by stray dogs. Following the incident, the corporation had announced a slew of measures to control the menace.The dog catchers had then pointed out as to how the corporation has been neglecting the dog squad. The rusty vehicles of the squad have also been lying in the workshop for almost a month.Meanwhile, corporation officials say that there has never been a delay in the payment of the wages. \"Till last month the corporation has been paying them promptly. This month the payment has been delayed as the mayor is down with fever. Once she comes back to office, the papers will be cleared and they will be paid. The corporation will settle the matter with the members of dog squad,\" a corporation health official clarified.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15413612", "title": "Amitava Lala acting HC chief justice", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Newly appointed acting Chief Justice Amitava Lala of the Allahabad High Court on Wednesday performed the administrative and judicial work in the High Court. Justice Amitava Lala was appointed as Acting Chief Justice following the superannuation of the Chief Justice SR Alam, who relinquished his office on Tuesday. Known for his judicial discipline inside the court and for his generous attitude outside the Court, Justice Amitava Lala was born on November 20, 1950 and has graduated in Science as well as in Arts in the year 1968 and 1973 respectively.He graduated in Law in the year 1974 from the University of Calcutta. He got enrolled as an Advocate on March 13, 1975 and had practiced at the Calcutta High Court in Civil, Constitutional, company, tax and other areas. He was elevated as permanent Judge of the Calcutta High Court on May 12, 1997 and thereafter transferred to the Allahabad High Court on January 7, 2005.The members of the Bench and Bar congratulated Justice Amitava Lala for his new assignment as Acting Chief Justice of the biggest High Court of the country.Justice Lala is also known for patient hearing amongst the member of the Bar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15416951", "title": "Monica all set to capture audience with Sirphire", "text": "Having 'hit' an account amongst the audiences, Punjabi cinema is carving a niche for itself and churned out two blockbusters this year. And now, Monica Bedi is eager to capture the pulse of the viewers with her debut film, 'Sirphire'. Also, this is touted as the comeback vehicle for Monica.But why a Punjabi flick? \"I have been waiting for the right script to act in a Punjabi movie since long. Sirphire brought an end to that quest and is a dream come true for me,\" she vies. Monica, who hails from Hoshiarpur district feels that Punjab has given a lot of love to her and she shares an emotional affinity with the state. She adds,\" People consider me as the 'Desi girl of Punjab' so it will be an honour if my work is appreciated here.\" The film also stars Priyanshu Chatterjee, Preet Harpal, Roshan Prince and actress Gurleen Chopra. Talking about her character, Monica says that she plays a typical Punjabi girl who is cultured, demure, religious and eventually how she copes up in the superficial westernized environment. She says,\"The film is youth oriented and comes with a nice message on alcohol addiction. On the whole it is a family entertainer.\" The film also claims to have the first ever item number in Punjabi flicks which is picturised on Monica. \"Patangwali Dor is special to me and I am very happy to be a part of the song.\" Sung by Sunidhi Chauhan , the song has got rave reviews thus far. \"This a renaissance period of Punjabi cinema and the Punjabi movie industry is on a fast moving track and is doing good business worldwide,\" says an excited Monica, \"Even the producers from Bollywood are drifting towards Punjabi films and investing here. We will surely enter the 100 crore club soon.\" Talking about her future projects, Monica has a Tamil and a Bengali movie lined up next. A television show is also in the pipeline. Reported By - Serena Miglani", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15413053", "title": "Marriage took her housing site away", "text": "BANGALORE: Salma K Fahim, joint commissioner (welfare and education), was shortlisted as the allottee of a 4,000 sqft site in Metropolitan Co-operative Housing Society (MCHS), which has come up within Arkavathy Layout, but she's having trouble getting it.Salma's marriage to IAS officer P Manivannan made her fight legally it. \"I got the site allotted in August 2010 and got married to Manivannan in 2011. When I was about to register my site in 2011, MCHS sent me a notice saying I wasn't eligible for it as my husband had got one. Before I could respond to the notice, I got another notice saying the allotment had been cancelled. It's ridiculous. I didn't marry him to get one more site. I've appealed to the joint director of co-operative society for the allotment of my site,\" she told TOI.Manivannan said: \"Salma is upset about it and is taking the legal route.\"S Selva Kumar, mission director, National Rural Health Mission and secretary of MCHS, said the society has faced 22 cases in the Supreme Court and the high court. \"There's a false allegation that we have crossed the cap of bulk allotment. There's no cap at all. Farmers opposed the compensation announced by the BDA in 2004. The BDA has never refused to give them compensation,\" said Selva Kumar.V Rashmi, commissioner, PU Board, also owns a site here. When asked about the farmers' protest, she declined to comment. \"I'm only a member of the society. Please contact the office-bearers,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15413256", "title": "United Brothers drub Tanishka FC 8-0 in MDFA League", "text": "MUMBAI: Powered by Edilbert Martis' four goals, United Brothers outplayed Tanishka FC 8-0 in a third division match of the Mumbai District Football Association (MDFA) League, at the St Xavier's ground, on Wednesday.Other Results: Div-III: Parsn SC 3 ( Vrush Patel, Dipen Seth, Suraj Kapoor) bt Mumbai United 1 (Sunil Peddamallj).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15413494", "title": "Punjab: HC asks estranged couple to stay together with kids for a week", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a unique gesture in an inter-country parental child abduction matter, the Punjab and Haryana high court on Wednesday asked an estranged Canadian couple to stay together for a period of one week, along with their two minor kids, in a hotel in Chandigarh to bring an end to the family discord.Karan Singh Bajwa, a 41-year-old Canadian citizen, had moved a habeas corpus petition seeking custody of his son and daughter, both Canadian citizens, from \"illegal detention\" by his wife and father-in-law at their residence in Patiala.Both the kids were produced before the court on Wednesday along with their passports by a warrant officer of the high court, after which Justice Paramjit Singh of the HC held a lengthy mediation session in his chamber.Finally, before rising of the court, Justice Singh asked the couple to stay together in a hotel in Chandigarh for one week, so that their differences could be sorted out and an amicable solution could be found to save their family. The couple has also been asked to appear before the court on Thursday.Earlier, in his habeas corpus petition filed before the HC, Bajwa, a senior chief engineer in British Columbia, stated that his 11-year-old daughter and six-year-old son was forcibly detained by his father-in-law Jasbir Singh Sandhu at his Sant Enclave residence in Patiala.The kids were allegedly abducted in June this year when they had come to India for vacations here from June 22 to August 3, 2012. He also alleged that his wife Jasmine Singh is under the influence of her father.Bajwa's counsel, Anil Malhotra, submitted before the court that they had approached the federal department of foreign affairs, Canada on August 1, 2012, in which the court has declared that the children being habitual residents of British Columbia, the sole interim custody of the children shall be with Bajwa.Seeking directions to restore children to the petitioner, Malhotra also told the court that forced isolation of children and wrong tutoring by Jasbir Singh Sandhu and Jasmine Singh against Bajwa may lead to development of a parental alienation syndrome in the children's minds.It was also informed that Jasmine has been approached by the Canadian consulate as well as the Canadian Mounted Police to restore the children to the petitioner, otherwise she will face international parental child abduction charges and a Canadian warrant of arrest will be issued against her.However, Jasmine Singh never positively responded, which forced Bajwa to approach the local high court, the counsel added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15413506", "title": "Family remembers this 'Jhansi ki Rani'", "text": "VADODARA: As the nation prepares to celebrate the 66th Independence Day on August 15, a Vadodara family is preparing for the big day with a sense of pride as well as a tinge of sadness. Sadness, because they are mourning the loss of one of the most illustrious women figures of Independence struggle, Capt Lakshmi Sahgal, who passed away on July 23 after inspiring several generations of women in her family as well as India.Sahgal, who was handpicked by Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose in Singapore, to raise the Jhansi ki Rani brigade , an all-women combat unit consisting of housewives, for Indian National Army (INA), last came to Vadodara in 2000 when she was invited by the Arvind Rao Charitable Trust to inaugurate a statue of Bose on Vikram Sarabhai Road. She had stayed at her cousin Vinodini Mayor's cottage on Jetalpur Road.It was also this time, when she met her 'jailer' from Burma incarceration days, Lt Col Ashokraje Gaekwad - a grandson of Baroda ruler Sayajirao Gaekwad III - who was then the ADC to Lord Mountbatten and later became a friend of Vinodini's husband Satya Paul Mayor. A chance meeting after a gap of over 60 years when Sahgal and Gaekwad were on the opposite side, gave the family a rare occasion to know about the freedom fighter's turbulent life of those days from a very different perspective. \"We listened with gaping mouths as they both talked of INA cadre's struggle as well as the lighter moments, when the Indian officers in the British Army would sneak out the POWs like Sahgal for parties and outings during their house arrests,\" recalls the cousin.Now, in her 70s, Vinodini, the daughter of Lakshmi's maternal uncle, was 18 years younger to her cousin, but she vividly recalls her earliest memory of this vivacious, fun loving but highly determined and motivated elder cousin at the family home in Vadakkath village in Kerala's Palakkad district. \"Lakshmi was very beautiful, charming and had very long, beautiful hair. She had been refused permission to go to Singapore by her mother Ammu Swaminathan after her MBBS, but she knew that her uncles would be able to persuade their sister, so she came to the village home to convince them first. I remember, there was this secret meeting which took place in one of the rooms on the first floor and she emerged successful. The next time, we girls saw our cousin, she had cut her long beautiful hair because she could not manage looking after it in the rough and tough life in the jungles of Burma.\"Lakshmi was by then married to Col Prem Sahgal whom she had met during her INA days after a failed marriage. Vinodini, who had by then, moved in with her bua, Lakshmi's mother Ammu in Chennai for her studies recall, \"There was a huge reception organized by the town people at Marina beach in Chennai in the honour of Lakhsmi and her husband Prem. Ammu aunt took all us cousins- Lakshmi's younger sister Mrinalini and other women of the family to the public function. I don't really remember what Lakhsmi said at the occasion, but she was repeatedly raising slogans of \"Jai Hind' and would get huge response from the public.\"By the time Lakshmi came to Vadodara in 2000, she had grown old and frail and was nursing an upset stomach, but the enthusiasm that Vinodini saw in Chennai was intact. \"She climbed up the ladder sprightly, garlanded the statue and raised the slogan 'Jai Hind'. It is hard to believe that she is not among us anymore,\" says Vinodini.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15414379", "title": "Heavy rain lashes city, mercury dips", "text": "NEW DELHI: Heavy rain lashed some areas of the city bringing down the maximum temperature to 32.9 degrees Celsius. According to the Met department , the capital recorded 10.7mm of rain from 8.30am to 5.30pm. More rain is expected in the days to come. Wednesday's minimum temperature stood at 27.8 degrees Celsius.While some places got heavy rain, others witnessed sporadic showers in the morning . The weather remained pleasant as the rain was accompanied by a cool breeze. \"The city will receive a few spells of rain on Thursday and the sky will remain cloudy,\" said a Met official. \"The maximum and minimum temperatures are expected to hover around 34 and 27 degrees Celsius ,\" added the official.\"We welcomed the showers because the last few days had been very humid. Though I got wet as I was travelling in an autorickshaw , I enjoyed the weather,\" said Aprajita Shetty, a resident of Karkardooma. The morning drizzle translated into heavier showers around 1.30 pm affecting traffic movement in several areas like ITO, Laxmi Nagar and Barakhamba Road. Vehicular movement was also slow at India Gate, Rafi Marg, Ashoka Road, Kalkaji, Jangpura and Ashram due to waterlogging.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15412531", "title": "Harassed by in-laws for dowry woman commits suicide in Ramganj", "text": "JAIPUR: A 23-year-old married woman committed suicide by hanging from the ceiling of a house in Ramganj during the early hours on Wednesday. She was allegedly being harassed by her in-laws.According to the Ramganj police, the deceased, Rusksaar (23), had come to her parental house in the locality on Tuesday. Her relatives said she was tense and claimed that her in-laws were harassing her for dowry.\"During the early hours, her relatives became concerned as she had locked herself in a room of the house. Later, expecting the worst, they informed us. When we reached the spot and broke the door, we found the woman hanging,\" said an officer of the Ramganj police station.The body was handed over to the relatives after postmortem.Parents of the victim alleged that she had been married one-and-a-half years back and her in-laws as well as her husband were demanding hefty dowry.Based on their complaints, a case under appropriate sections of IPC was lodged at the Ramganj police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15413474", "title": "Renaming issue echoes in Parliament", "text": "LUCKNOW: The rechristening of Dalit parks and memorials by the Samajwadi Party government and the recent desecration of Mayawati's statue created uproar in Parliament on the opening day of the monsoon session on Wednesday. The Bahujan Samaj Party MPs took up the issue emphatically leading to two consecutive adjournments. In response, SP accused the BSP leaders of being involved in damaging of idols to secure an opportunity to point fingers at the UP government.The BSP has opposed renaming of Ambedkar Green Garden as Janeshwar Mishra Park. The BSP supremo Mayawati raised the issue in Rajya Sabha and stated that the renaming move and desecration of her statue has annoyed the followers of Ambedkar.Responding to the charges, senior SP leader Ram Gopal Yadav accused BSP leaders of being directly involved in incidents related to damaging of statues of Mayawati and dalit icons. \"Don't be surprised if the police investigations into these cases end up exposing how senior BSP leaders orchestrated the whole thing merely to churn out an opportunity to target the government and thereby remain in the news,\" Ram Gopal said.Earlier, Mayawati came down heavily on the SP government stating that her party workers along with the non-political followers of dalit icons have staged protests and will continue to do so until the SP government did not give up the practice of remaining parks and memorials built during her regime. Outside the House, Mayawati said she had no issues if the state government brought up its own parks and memorials and named them after anyone they wanted to. \"But this is not fair that they are changing the names of parks and memorials and districts that were built by our government,\" she said.Senior SP minister Shivpal Yadav dismissed the allegations levelled by Mayawati saying: \"Our parks and memorials will have greenery and trees and will not have stones.\" He said immediate and proper action has been initiated in every incident of damaging of idols reported.Ram Gopal Yadav's statements came as a surprise, particularly due to their sharp contrast with the government posturing towards such incidents in which the government apparently went out of the way to replace the damaged statue overnight. The state government also issued a circular for the state police directing the local police to ensure protection of idols. The police too floated a special team to trace the perpetrators behind the incident and booked those behind the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15410834", "title": "Army officers, jawans face off again in J&K;", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Army has been jolted by yet another shocking breach of discipline with a grim stand-off erupting between officers and jawans of an armoured unit after a soldier committed suicide at a military camp in the border district of Samba in Jammu and Kashmir on Wednesday morning.This comes close after officers and jawans of an artillery regiment deployed in the Nyoma sub-district of eastern Ladakh had violently clashed with each other - which left the unit commanding officer, two majors and two jawans grievously injured -- in May.The incident on Wednesday was triggered when the jawan, Arun V, who hails from Thiruvananthapuram, shot himself with his service rifle in the camp of the 16th Light Cavalry at Samba in the morning. He died on the spot.Sources said \"tension\" between the officers and jawans of the 16th Cavalry had been \"simmering for quite some time\" without any corrective steps being taken. The suicide proved to be the tipping point. \"Angry jawans then ganged up to surround the officers and their residences in protest, leading to a prolonged face-off,\" said a source.The gravity of the situation and the \"complete failure of command and control\" was such that senior officers, including the commander of the Yol-based 9 Corps, Lt-General A K Bhalla, rushed to the spot to calm down inflamed tempers. All officers of the 16th Cavalry were subsequently moved out of their residences and attached to different messes as a precautionary move to prevent the trouble from escalating further.There were even indications that two Army units had been rushed to Samba, which houses a brigade and the armoured regiment, to control the situation. The Army HQ in New Delhi, on being contacted, said a court of inquiry had been ordered into the incident but denied that there was any violent brawl between the officers and jawans.\"There was a suicide but no clash. Yes , the unit officers have been moved to different messes to ensure an impartial probe. The corps commander (Lt-Gen Bhalla) is camping in the area and the situation is under control,\" said an officer.All this does not happen if the case is of a simple suicide. Incidentally, defence minister A K Antony on Wednesday told Parliament that as many as 1,018 soldiers had committed suicide since 2003, with the yearly toll regularly climbing over 100. Incidents of fragging (to kill or wound a fellow soldier) have also become a regular phenomenon in the 1.13-million strong Army.A report by the Defence Institute of Psychological Research had earlier held that \"perceived humiliation and harassment, over and above occupational and familial causes\", at the hands of their superiors often serves as the final \"trigger\" for jawans in stress-related cases in the armed forces.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15412886", "title": "Illegal saw mill raided, sealed", "text": "NAGPUR: Divisional forest officer (vigilance) P D Masram of Nagpur Circle on Wednesday sealed a saw mill being run illegally in Wardha.Acting on a complaint, Masram, with the help of mobile squad, raided Pratap Saw Mill in Pratap Nagar. The licence of the mill had lapsed in March 2010 and the forest officials did not renew it as the mill was transferred from Amravati. Owner Bhagwan Premji Patel was given two months to appeal but he did not and operated the mill clandestinely for two years. \"We have sealed the saw mill. Action would be taken against such saw mills operating illegally,\" said Masram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15413832", "title": "Fuel adulteration on the decline, say oil companies", "text": "CHENNAI: Even though the number of fuel outlets in the state is growing by 9% per annum, adulteration of petrol and diesel is on the decline, say PSU oil companies.Presenting statistics from oil companies, Indian Oil Corporation (IOC) executive director V K Jayachandran, who is also the state-level coordinator for PSU oil corporations, said fuel marketing firms periodically inspect petrol pumps.\"IOC, BPCL and HPCL suspended the licences of 75 fuel stations across the state in 2011 for various flaws but only one licence was terminated, by the IOC, for fuel adulteration,\" he said. \"While IOC suspended 46 licences in the last financial year, BPCL suspended one, HPCL 28.\"He said aberrations were detected in 378 fuel stations, but they were mostly variations in dispensing machines and mistakes in recording stock positions. \"However, in cases where wilful manipulation of equipment by outlet staff is not proved, pumps are reopened after recalibration of the meters,\" he said.Jayachandran said oil companies terminated two licences the previous year and suspended 141 licences. On an average, an outlet is inspected more than four times a year.\"With the automation of fuel stations and high level of competition among pump owners, the possibility of adulteration is very low,\" Jayachandran said, adding that oil companies could monitor the quality and quantity of both petrol and diesel round the clock on the internet.He also advised customers to demand quality and quantity tests if they are in doubt about the purity of fuel they buy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "15412808", "title": "J&K;: Sent home by doctors, woman delivers in taxi", "text": "SRINAGAR: A 21-year-old pregnant woman delivered a baby in a taxi after being allegedly turned away by a doctor at a government hospital in Central Kashmir's Ganderbal district on Wednesday, in a state where around 1400 infants have died shortly after birth in the last one year.Ameena Akhtar of Gutlibagh, 12 km from Ganderbal, gave birth to a boy while on her way to the sub district hospital after being sent back home earlier. Ganderbal is Chief Minister Omar Abdullah's assembly constituency.\"I could detect no signs of labour pain when Ameena was admitted at 3 am and advised her to go back home,\" said the gynaecologist on duty, Dr Mehmooda Jan.Ameena's family members accused Jan of incorrect diagnosis. \"We were advised to take her home despite her immense pain,\" said a family member.Chief medical officer, Dr Dildar Ahmed refuted allegations of negligence. \"The doctor examined the patient and advised her accordingly. She cannot be blamed for a lax approach,\" said Ahmed, adding that a probe will be conducted.Block medical officer, Dr Mehmooda Kar said an inquiry will be initiated into the doctor's \"negligence\".\"Later in the morning, she must have developed genuine labour pains and delivered the baby on the way to the hospital,\" said the CMO adding that both the mother and child are admitted at the hospital and are stable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15412585", "title": "Sachin Tendulkar gets lessons from Pranab in House", "text": "NEW DELHI: Taking fresh guard for a non-cricketing innings, Sachin Tendulkar opened his knock as a nominated member on the floor of the Rajya Sabha on Wednesday, even as his wife Anjali kept track of the proceedings from the visitors' gallery above.But the innings was short-lived, with Opposition MPs repeatedly forcing the adjournment of the House in the morning over the violence in Assam, desecration of statues in UP and other issues. The disruptions, however, did not prevent several MPs - ranging from Arun Jaitley and Ravi Shankar Prasad to Sitaram Yechuri and Rajeev Shukla \u2014 from shaking hands with Tendulkar to warmly congratulate him on his debut in their arena.Tendulkar, sitting on seat number 103, got some coaching tips from independent MP Vijay Mallya, who sat next to him during the truncated proceedings. The industrialist could be seen explaining the lay of the Rajya Sabha floor to Tendulkar, pointing to the treasury and opposition benches. With the cricketer listening intently, Mallya was even seen pointing out the list of business and the questions list for oral answers to him.Actor Rekha, another nominated MP, was the other head-turner on the opening day of the monsoon session. In the same row as Tendulkar, the 57-year-old Rekha sat on her allotted seat number 99 and exchanged notes with her neighbours, industrialist Anu Agha and scriptwriter and lyricist Javed Akhtar.\"It is a new experience for me. When I am ready to speak, I will tell you,\" said Tendulkar, who took oath in Rajya Sabha chairperson Hamid Ansari's chamber on June 4 when Parliament was not in session.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15414412", "title": "Army Chief on tour to Chandigarh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Chief of the Army staff (COAS), General Bikram Singh visited the Chandimandir-based headquarters of Western Command of the Indian Army on Wednesday.It was General's first visit to Indian Army's most advanced command after taking over as the chief of 1.3-million strong Indian Army on June 1.General Singh reviewed the operational preparedness of the western Army and interacted with senior formation commanders. He addressed officers of Western Command at Chandimandir Military Station where he enjoined them to be true leaders, thorough professionals and to do the organization and nation proud.The chief also complimented the Western Command on the high levels of operational preparedness, focus on long term all-round capability and capacity building endeavours. Later on, Army chief also called on UT administrator and Punjab governor Shivraj V Patil at Raj Bhawan, Chandigarh. He also interacted with veterans at a function in the evening and assured them for all kind of help from the forces.General Bikram's wife Surjeet Kaur alias 'Bubbles Singh', who is also the President, Central Family Welfare Organization, interacted with the families in the station at a function organized in her honour.Chief stayed at the Chandimandir Cantonment and will be visiting Jalandhar to take account of other formations of the Army in Punjab. It is for the first time that General Bikram Singh, second Sikh elevated to the top post in Army, is visiting Punjab after becoming chief. An officer of Sikh Light Infantry Regiment, General Singh had done his schooling from Punjab Public School (PPS), Nabha, near Patiala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15412155", "title": "Civic body wants state to take up water tribunal's suggestions", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation wants the state government to discuss the recommendations made by the Maharashtra Water Resources Regulatory Authority ( MWRRA) which favours the Pavana pipeline project, provided some conditions are followed.Municipal commissioner Shrikar Pardeshi said, \"The authority is a tribunal that has given recommendations about the Pavana dam pipeline project two months ago. We have requested the state government to hold a high-level meeting about starting the work on this project as per its recommendations.\"The authority has said that the project would benefit the water sector and any effects of the project on other users could be solved through remedial measures''.It has issued several directions to the Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation and the state water resources department about the usage of water from the Pavana river and the pipeline.The state's water policy, it says, advocates the use of dedicated pipelines to draw water. \"Water has been stored in the Pavana dam at great cost and should not be frittered away in transmission losses. A loss of 1 TMC is significant when we are dealing with a flow of about 11 TMC at the dam,\" the authority has stated.It has said that the project should be operated only in non-monsoon periods. The department should release water from the reservoir from March to May, whenever the quality of water requires improvement in relation to the standards for domestic use set by the Maharashtra Pollution Control Board. A siltation study of Pavana dam to assess loss in dead storage should be done.It said that the water resources department should ensure that all users downstream should get their sanctioned quota in a normal water year. A water audit of per capita norms and line losses, two Kolhapur-type weirs on Pavana river should be built.Other measures included recycling sewage water for use by industries, new societies should be provided with a dual supply system to use treated effluent for sanitation and washing purposes and treated water only for drinking and cooking and rooftop rainwater harvesting should be promoted in new societies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15412990", "title": "June to Sept block on transportation in Goa's mining areas", "text": "PORVORIM: The Draft Mining Policy (major minerals), 2012, has banned transportation of lumps and fines of ore on public roads between June 7 and September 2, except for utilization of captive or domestic consumption within the state. The policy document was tabled on the floor of the house on Wednesday. But, the policy states that if the road is a dedicated road or corridor from the mine to the jetty, than such permissions may be granted during the above period. The above restriction is also applicable to out of state ore transported on public roads within the state.Further, the policy said that no transportation of ore by crossing districts from south to north or vice-versa would be allowed, except for captive/domestic consumption or on specific order of the collector due to the position of jetty vis-a-vis mining lease.The policy stated that trading be strictly monitored by the directorate of mines &amp; geology, police, Goa state pollution control board and collectorate. It may be recalled that to control fly by night operators, mines department had suspended 488 trading licenses.Policy also said that traders have to file returns every month on or before 7th of the succeeding month. \"Non filing will automatically result in suspension of trading license,\" said the document. The transportation will require trucks and barges to be registered with the directorate of mines and geology and only the registered vehicles will be permitted to carry mineral ore.Every mine will have to depute mining inspectors in the mine to be provided by DMG but to be paid by the lessee of the mine for supervising and permitting operations of the mine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15412805", "title": "Maharashtra transport body wants to recruit 291 women drivers", "text": "NASHIK: The Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) has decided to recruit 291 women drivers in Nashik division alone in its biggest recruitment drive in the recent past.\"As of today Nashik division does not have women drivers. But considering the 30% reservation for women, 291 women will now be recruited in the division,\" Nashik divisional controller Kailas Deshmukh, said. The entire Nashik region (including five districts) is recruiting a total of 715 women drivers.However, some of the officials of MSRTC are skeptical about finding women candidates considering the requirement states a 'minimum experience of three years of driving heavy vehicles'. \"While the pre-condition for male candidates is more appropriate, the experience clause for female candidates will itself ensure that the posts may lie vacant for set of another three years at least. Even if the experience clause is made less stringent, it is going to be very difficult to find 100 women at the very minimum, throughout the state,\" an official said pointing out that the MSRTC required 2,685 women drivers in all.In trying to be realistic about its hiring numbers, the MSRTC may exchange the number of women drivers with other posts. \"Until now there haven't been openings in this field for women and hence only a handful of them might have taken to driving heavy vehicles. Socially speaking, women driving trucks is almost unheard of but for a few unheard of exceptions.But MSRTC's initiative in Nasik division, could lay the foundation for women to begin taking lessons in heavy vehicle driving,\" the official added.The corporation's office-bearers are welcoming the recruitment move. \"Everyone is aware of how driver schedules are managed to increase revenue. Staff responsible for bringing in revenue has not been cared for. But despite the reservationfor women, vacancies will continue,\" the office-bearer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "15412099", "title": "Jorhat Central Jail celebrates 100 years", "text": "JORHAT: As the Jorhat Central Jail completes 100 years of existence this year, the centenary programme will start on August 9. Chief minister Tarun Gogoi will inaugurate the centenary programme at a meeting to be held at Assam Agricultural University on Thursday. The chief minister will also inaugurate the newly constructed 'Pitambor Dev Goswami Memorial Prison' inside the central jail premises in memory of the great Vaishnavite social reformer.The centenary celebration committee general secretary Santanu Puzari said, \"After the inauguration, a meeting will be held at AAU auditorium. Preparations are almost complete and we are ready to celebrate the occasion. The minister of social welfare and jails Akon Bora will also present.\" The Jorhat central jail, formerly known as Jorhat district jail was constructed during the British rule in India in 1909 and was opened in 1911. During the freedom struggle, prominent freedom fighters like social reformer Pitambor Dev Goswami, former President Fakaruddin Ali Ahmed, former chief minister Bimala Prasad Chaliha and Kamala Miri were imprisoned in this jail. Martyr Kushal Konwar was also hanged in this jail on June 15, 1943. The state government has already preserved the prison for its heritage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "15411076", "title": "Farmers relieved as clouds disperse, crops get sunlight", "text": "WARDHA: The sun finally made an appearance in Wardha on Wednesday, after almost two weeks of overcast skies, giving relief to citizen as well as farmers relief from the continuous drizzle.Sunlight is very important for the growth of crops. Before July 20, farmers as well as citizens of the district had been worried because of poor rainfall . However, the rains started on July 20 and farmers were relieved to get good rains after a long wait. However, since July 20, they were again left worried as the spectre of crop diseases raised its head due to the continuous drizzle.A farmer of Giroli village, Sachin Dhage said, \"In our village, almost the entire cotton crop has been affected by the Boli worm while soyabean has been affected by army worms. Soyabean has become yellow and its leafs are burning due to the rain. Now, crops need good sunlight to grow properly.\"Agriculture superintendent B Barhate also confirmed this. He said, \"Actually, there has not been much heavy rain but a continuous drizzle, which crops and stops their growth. Farmers have to take more care now, even as the district agriculture department is ready to help them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "mhow", "code": "15413779", "title": "Mhow cantt staff bids farewell to Col Danvir", "text": "MHOW: The outgoing Mhow administrative commandant, Col Danvir Singh was given farewell by the staff of the Mhow Cantonment Board (MCB) here on Wednesday. Col Singh was also the ex-officio member of the MCB, of which the Mhow station commander is the president. Station commander Brig Mukesh Kumar was the chief guest of the programme.Cantonment executive officer Alok Gupta and MCB vice president Kailash Dutt Pandey, on behalf of the board spoke about the contribution made by Col Singh during his tenure in Mhow.Speaking on this occasion, Brig Mukesh Kumar praised the transparency maintained by Col Singh in all his works and the way he motivated his team as a united bunch. Pandey also praised about the efforts put in by Col Singh.Col D K Pathak of Jammu &amp; Kashmir Rifles, who has come from Nagaland, will replace Col Danvir Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15415039", "title": "15,000 emus also fall victim to contract scam", "text": "COIMBATORE: With the emu bubble bursting, more than 15,000 birds have been abandoned in Erode district, leaving the district administration and the police wondering how to handle the situation. While emus from one farm have been moved to a warehouse on Raja Street in Perundurai , birds from the second have been moved to a farm attached to a restaurant close to the Salem-Kochi national highway. All establishments owned by Susi Emu Farms have been closed since the disappearance of its founder M S Guru three days ago. The birds have been languishing without feed since then.Erode district revenue officer S Ganesh, who is coordinating the administration's efforts against emu farming companies that cheated investors , said it would cost Rs 1.4 lakh a day to feed the abandoned birds. When police contacted Dindigul-based Jayamohan , who supplied feed to Susi Farms in the past year, he refused to provide any, citing Guru's arrears worth Rs 3 crore.The officials heaved a sigh of relief when the animal husbandry department informed them that the birds could survive on water for 20 days. The officials hope to resolve the issue by then.Erode collector V K Shanmugham then asked the officials to approach the Tamil Nadu Veterinary and Animal Sciences University for assistance in looking after the birds.\"It is very difficult to manage such a large number of birds. There are very few takers for them in the local market, so disposing them off soon is not an option. Many investors have also approached us seeking feed for the emus in their custody,\" said Perundurai revenue divisional officer R Sugumar.Inspector general (west zone) T P Sundaramurthy told TOI that the police had received more than 3,000 complaints against various emu farming companies, of which around 700 were against Susi Emu Farms. On Wednesday itself , over 500 investors had approached the Perundurai police seeking action against Susi Farms. Police have now hired a marriage hall to help the huge number of investors lodge their complaints.Sundaramurthy appealed to all those who had been cheated to register their complaints . \"It is a huge racket and we can act against other big sharks involved in the scam only if the victims register their complaints. The public must help the police to bring such people to book and facilitate the maximum compensation for cheated investors ,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15414979", "title": "Cops in dock over robbery charges", "text": "KANPUR: The chief metropolitan magistrate, Kanpur Nagar, on Wednesday admitted a complaint under section 156 (3) CrPC against sub-inspector Deepak Mishra and constable Ramveer Yadav and fixed next date for hearing as September 13.The presiding judge, in his order observed that after going through the facts of the complaint and in compliance of a Supreme Court verdict, the complaint was liable to be registered. The complainant was hereby directed to submit evidence on next date of hearing.The complainant, Meera Devi Katiyar, had alleged that the two policemen had injured her and robbed her gold chain on June 23.Meera, in her complaint claimed that she was an independent candidate for the seat of corporator in Nagar Nigam election. For her election campaign, she had sought permission from the returning officer for use of a four-wheeler and election material.On June 23, around 8 pm when she was retuning back after her campaigning near Gol Chauraha in Barra, constable Ramveer Yadav and S-I Deepak Mishra stopped her and asked to show the permission and papers of her vehicles. Despite showing the permission and papers of vehicle Ramveer Yadav slapped the driver, snatched all the papers and asked her to leave the vehicle as he would seize it.When she was coming out from her vehicle, Ramveer pushed her as a result of which she fell on the road and suffered fracture in her left leg. Instead of helping her, S-I Deepak Mishra snatched her gold chain. Meanwhile, her husband and son also reached there and resisted the cops' act. In the meantime, a journalist also reached there. Sensing trouble, Ramveer drove away in her vehicle and later depicted it as unclaimed and seized.The complainant also claimed that she had immediately informed the DM and DIG. But no action had been taken against the cops so far. Therefore, she had come before court to seek justice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15412269", "title": "Band of Kolkatans cheers Team India in London", "text": "KOLKATA: The loudest cheers for Mary Kom at the ExCel Arena in London rose from a portion of the stands where a motley group of Kolkatans, two of them dressed in colourful dhoti-kurtas, stationed themselves. They egged Mary on, screaming their lungs out every time she landed a punch against Nicola Adams. This group of 15 had landed in London last weekend to cheer for Indian athletes and sportspersons participating in the Olympics. What's more, some of them have been doing so for the past few Olympics.Meet this voluble group of sports lovers from Kolkata who make it a point to pack their bags every four years to travel to this mega-sports meet. Save for a few, none are very affluent and some even incur loans to travel to this Mecca event of sports. But what binds them together is their almost maniacal love for sports, be it football, hockey, athletics, boxing, swimming or virtually anything else. This group had grown steadily from the three who went to the 1980 Moscow Olympics to 10 in Beijing in 2008 and 15 to London this time.What has made their journey possible to the Olympics over the last 32 years is the industriousness of a travel company in sourcing cheap tickets for various Olympics events from national and international sources, getting best deals from airlines and hotels and making the trip as cheap as possible for this group. For instance, whereas the big travel companies are charging anything between Rs 3 lakh and Rs 3.5 lakh for a round trip to London with just one night there to witness the closing ceremony, Travel Planners (East India) Pvt Ltd had arranged for a 9-day trip to London with at least four events thrown in at a little over Rs 1 lakh. This is because Travel Planners, by virtue of being a sister concern of Leisure Sports Management which manages 101 Indian athletes in boxing, wrestling, archery, shooting, volleyball, football and hockey, enjoys close ties with various national and international sports bodies, including the IOC.\"We have been planning this for the past one year. Wattching Mary Kom win was fantastic,\" Asok Kumar Basu, a textile consultant, told TOI from London. This is his third Olympics.\"Attending the Olympics is an overwhelming experience. So many people from so many countries in one stadium watching world records being broken and made is a truly lifetime experience,\" gushes Susanta Gupta, a retired banker, who is excited at the prospect of going to Manchester United's homeground Old Trafford and the Wimbledon. He started planning and saving money for the Olympics trip two years ago. For Samir Bandopadhyay, who retired as a clerk from a nationalised bank 11 years ago, this is his first Olympics. \"I've always nurtured a dream to witness the mega event and I have saved all my life for this. After returning from London, I'll start planning for the next Olympics,\" says the 63-year-old who lives in a small one-room apartment in Belur.Kansari Gayal, a small scale industrialist, wore a Sarbari Datta creation\u2014an elaborately embroidered kurta and dhoti\u2014to the ExCel Arena on Monday and plans to repeat this attire to the Olympics closing ceremony. A veteran of three Olympics, he has been the cynosure of attention in Athens and Beijing too with his colourful designer dhotis and kurtas. Prasenjit Banerjee, a paediatrician, admits it's very difficult to take a couple of weeks off for the Olympics every time. \"But I owe it to myself to go to the Olympics,\" says this inveterate sports lover who played second division cricket in college.Like Banerjee, marine engineer Rabindranath Mukherjee is also hardpressed for time. \"I had been planning this trip to London for over a year now. Watching Indians perform well and win medals is an exhilarating experience. I'm watching as many events as possible and will definitely be travelling to Rio de Janeiro in 2016,\" he told TOI. Pankaj Ghosh, a football coach and LIC agent, has borrowed over Rs 1 lakh from his friends to finance his trip to London. \"I'll repay it over the next two years and then start saving again for the Rio Olympics. This is how I have been financing my trips to the Olympics,\" he says.Leisure Sports' executive director Soumen Sinha Roy says tapping sources to arrange for cheap tickets for various events at the Olympics and getting the best deals on hotels and airlines is no easy task. \"We have to really work hard, but then we owe it to these people. We all go to the Olympics as part of a family, we eat, sleep and do everything together,\" he says. He admits that his company often has to help out some of the members of this group who can't afford all the expenses. But he does it because he shares their passion for sports and would do anything to go to the Olympics with them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15413804", "title": "Choithram to hold national conference", "text": "INDORE: Choithram School, Manik Bagh and Choithram Institute of Educational Research and Training will host Second National Conference For Educators on August 10 and 11. The conference is based on the theme 'Assessment - A Tool For Learning'. Nearly 100 principals from all over the country will attend the event. It will be held at the conference hall at Choithram Hospital and Research Centre.Vineet Joshi, chairman, CBSE, Delhi, will be the main speaker of the event. The other speakers to attend the event are: B K Passi, ex-vice chairman, National Council of Teacher Education, Jocelyn Cook, principal research fellow and manager of the Perth Office at the Australian Council for Educational Research, Upinder Dhar, vice-chancellor J K Lakshmipat University, Jaipur and Rajesh Awasthi, principal Choithram School, Manik Bagh.There will be an interactive session wherein principals of various schools will exchange their views vis-a-vis assessment procedures in a panel discussion. In another session, principals of different schools will put forward their ideas related to innovative assessment techniques practised by them in their respective schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15411964", "title": "'Goal should be a choice, not compulsion'", "text": "PATNA: It's not toiling hard that helps you achieve your goal. But it does help when the goal is a choice, not a compulsion. The efforts to achieve it then become a habit, not fixed-hours duty.That's the success mantra motivational guru Vijay Batra gave to the students of CIMAGE on Wednesday. IIM-Ranchi director M J Xavier also delivered a 'self-help talk'.Batra, a research scholar at the University of Pittsburgh , said discipline and hard work should go hand in hand. \"If you are not disciplined, diversions will deter you. The ups and downs shouldn't shake you because there's learning after pain and sweet success after learning,\" he said.Quoting from cine actor Anupam Kher's motivational book, 'The Best Thing About You Is You', the scholar said Kher once refused to go to school on the pretext that his classmates teased him. Asked by his father how they teased him, he enacted a three-minute skit. That very moment Kher's father discovered an actor in his son. \"The real challenge is to identify your potential,\" Batra said.He said success depends 80% on 'why' and 20% on 'how'. \"You should try to achieve something not just for the heck of it but for a reason that should make you crazy,\" he said.Batra also slammed the 'TV culture' prevailing among youngsters. \"In many cases, one starts taking flights of fancy... that s/he will become the celebrity s/he is watching... without thinking even once whether s/he has the requisite talent or not.\"Xavier tried to explain the management mantra by drawing parallels between Indian mythology and the management studies. Quoting an instance from the Ramayana, he said when Lord Rama was trying to cross the sea, stones were thrown in the sea bearing His name and they didn't sink. So Rama thought that he should also throw some. To his surprise, they sank. \"The message was simple: Rama, the brand, was important; not Rama, the person.\"Xavier also advised students not just to be management experts but intellectuals who could pay back to the society.Earlier in the day, the guests were welcomed by CIMAGE director Neeraj Agrawal. In the two-day lecture series, actors Piyush Sinha and Vinit Kumar delivered talks on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15414958", "title": "Kesco unable to replace damaged transformer", "text": "KANPUR: The claims of Kanpur Electricity Supply Company (Kesco) of attending faults occurring in transformers at a short notice fell flat when the denizens of Khapra Mohal locality had to spend powerless night on Tuesday. The 400 KVA transformer installed in this locality went out of order and even after 16 hours of occurrence of the fault, the Kesco staff could not repair the same. The locals of Khapra Mohal locality informed that the fault in the transformer occured at around 10 pm on Tuesday and it was since then there was no electricity in the area. Even at the time of filling of this report there was no power in the area. The locals asserted that despite several complaints made, the Kesco staff did not turn up.The worst hit were the 'Rozedars' who had to open their fast in candle light. In the local Masjid of the area the 'Namaz' was offered in emergency lights. As there was no power, scarcity of water also prevailed.AKS Chauhan, Superintending Engineer and media spokesperson of Kesco said that the similar capacity transformer was not available in the warehouse room as a result of, which the damaged transformer could not be replaced. But when questioned when would the power be restored in Khapra Mohal locality, the Kesco official said that efforts were going on to do the needful.Meanwhile, not only Khapra Mohal locality, several other localities remained powerless for hours other than the rostering done by Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL) from Lucknow end. Such localities include Shankaracharya Nagar, Yashoda Nagar, Barra in Kanpur South, Kalyanpur, Panki etc to name a few.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15412052", "title": "Withdraw order making CCTV cameras a must at public places: BJP", "text": "PUNE: The city unit of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has demanded that the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) withdraw its order making closed circuit television (CCTV) cameras mandatory at all public places in the city.\"Law and order is the responsibility of the Pune police and not the PMC. The municipal commissioner has no right to issue orders to install CCTV cameras. Why should citizens bear the burden of its installation and maintenance cost?\" BJP city unit chief Vikas Mathkari said on Wednesday.Municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak had on Tuesday issued the orders which apply to shopping malls, cinema halls, commercial buildings, shops, company offices, auditoriums, markets, religious structures, hotels, important tourist attractions, exclusive business buildings and historical buildings. He had said that owners of public properties will have to install CCTV cameras which will store footage for at least a month. All such property owners should install the CCTV cameras a month from August 7 and submit a report to ward officers, who will report to the municipal commissioner.Meanwhile, the civic body approved the Development Control (DC) rule amendment, according to which commercial places would have to install CCTV cameras and make changes in their structures to improve fire safety and security on their premises. However, there is no compulsion on housing societies to put up CCTV cameras.The PMC has issued a statement saying that following the German Bakery and recent JM Road blasts, it is necessary to implement proactive measures to avoid disasters. As per the Disaster Management Act 2005, the civic body can initiate steps to protect lives of citizens and, hence, the PMC has taken this step.\"The municipal commissioner has wrongly quoted the Disaster Management Act 2005. As per this act, it is the responsibility of the civic body to care for its citizens. In this case, the PMC is passing the buck. The PMC and the police should install CCTV cameras. There should be no compulsion on citizens,\" said Mathkari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "15413451", "title": "Parents of Himachal youth caught by Somali pirates seek govt help", "text": "SHIMLA: For the past 21 months, Aman Kumar (23) is in the clutches of Somali pirates while parents at Kardial village of Kangra district in Himachal Pradesh are knocking at every possible door to seek the release of their son.The poor parents are worried as the last deadline of 45 days given by the pirates will be over soon. Two days ago, Aman phoned home to inform that now pirates are not giving him enough food and he fears for his life.Aman had joined MV Albedo Ship of Majestic Enrich Shipping Company of Malaysia as a crew on October 1, 2010 and within two months of joining his shiphaving 23 crew on board was hijacked near Kenya by pirates of Somalia .\"My son told me over phone that he is not being given proper food. With no one to help, I am worried about him,\" said Pushpa Devi. She said another Indian hostage from Kolkata was killed by pirates.\"We are poor people and don't have enough money to get our son released as the pirates have demanded a huge sum. We don't know whom to approach in this hour of crisis,\" she said.Pushpa Devi for the past 21 months is hoping that someone will help for the release of her son. \"Had I known that job in a ship is so much dangerous, I would have never allowed him to join. My son was elated with the prospect of good income and had planned so many things for his younger sister. We are now cursing for the day when we allowed him to join this job,\" she said.Aman's father Kewal Krishan said: \"We have sought the help from both Central and state governments to save our son. They are demanding the release of pirates arrested by Indian Navy and one million dollar,\" he said.Krishan said one of the Indian crew from Kolkata has already been killed two months ago while six crew from Pakistan were released on July 31 after the pirates' demands were met.Krishan with the help of Nurpur MLA Rakesh Pathania met chief minister Prem Kumar Dhumal a couple of days ago and apprised him of the situation through a memorandum. Dhumal told Krishan that the state government is concerned and had written to the Union ministry of external affairs to take up the issue with the embassy of Somalia.\"I have been assured by the chief minister to take up the matter again with the ministry. But I am worried as the deadline given by pirates is getting closer,\" said Krishan.In the past, the couple had written to then President Pratibha Patil , Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , and several ministers concerned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "brs nagar", "code": "15414615", "title": "Burglars strike at school", "text": "BRS NAGAR: Burglars targeted a nursery school located hardly 200m from the Sarabha Nagar police station and fled with a split AC, a home theatre, a DVD player and a LCD TV, on Tuesday night.The CCTV camera captured one of the thieves while committing the crime. Police said the miscreants came in a car in the wee hours of Wednesday and scaled the gate to enter the school. Owner of the school Amanpreet Singh said the security guard called him up around 4.30am and said burglars had fled with the appliances.A resident of New Model Town, Amanpreet, said he rushed to the school and informed the PCR. The youth who broke the lock was caught in the CCTV footage and seemed to be around 25 years of age, said Amanpreet. SHO of Sarabha Nagar Manjinder Singh said they collected fingerprints from site and registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "15412883", "title": "Indian Union Muslim League leader held in twin murder case", "text": "MALAPPURAM: The special investigation team (SIT) probing the Areekode twin murder case, arrested Parammal Ahammed Kutty, the prime accused in the case, on Monday. Ahammed Kutty is the president of Eranad assembly constituency committee of the Indian Union Muslim League.The arrest was recorded after a five-hour-long interrogation by a team of police officials led by DySP P Mohanachandran, at the office of the narcotic cell in Malappuram.Police have charged case against Ahammed Kutty under section 118 of IPC (concealing design to commit offence which is punishable with death or imprisonment for life). He was produced before Manjeri fast track court and remanded in custody for 14 days.The investigation officials said that Ahammed Kutty was aware of the conspiracy to kill the Kolakkadan brothers, Azad and Aboobacker. The plot was hatched by a team led by Mujeeb Rahman, another accused in the case, who is still absconding. \"Ahammed Kutty confessed during interrogation that he was aware of the conspiracy. But there is no evidence regarding his direct involvement in the conspiracy or in the execution,\" said DySP Mohanachandran.The brutal murder took place at Kuniyil town near Areekode town on the night of June 10. According to the investigation team, Azad and Aboobacker were killed in retaliation to the murder of Atheeque Rahman, brother of Mujeeb Rahman, in last January. Ernad MLA P K Basheer of the IUML is the sixth accused as per the FIR.The relatives of Azad and Abobakcer had alleged that P K Basheer and Ahammed Kutty were aware of the attack. They alleged that the speeches delivered by them at a public meeting organized by the IUML at Kuniyil town instigated the murder. SIT also examined the details of Ahammed Kutty's speech before arresting him. In his speech Ahammedkutty had said that the party would give all support to Mujeeb Rahman in his 'battle' against the Kolakadan brothers.Police said that the investigation team could reach a conclusion on the role of Ahammed Kutty and P K Basheer MLA only after interrogating Mujeeb Rahman. Of the twenty people who were already arrested, 10 were directly involved in the attack, while the rest helped the attackers to identify Kolakkadan brothers and to escape after the attack, the police said.The arrested include brothers of Mujeeb Rahman, Mukthar Rahman and Sharafudheen. Mukthar, who had escaped to Doha after the murder, was arrested at Karipur airport on his return to Kerala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15412532", "title": "ST driver, conductor attacked in MP; bus damaged", "text": "NAGPUR: Seven Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) unions on Wednesday registered strong protest against the brutal attack on driver and conductor by a group of medical students at Jabalpur.Driver Mukesh Uikey and conductor Nandkishore Ganesh of Jabalpur-Nagpur bus were returning when they were assaulted over a trivial issue around 10.30pm on August 5. The unions have even threatened to stop around 20 bus services to Madhya Pradesh.The trouble started when water in a pothole got splashed on one of the students standing nearby as the bus was returning to Nagpur. Accusing Uikey of mischief, the unidentified student pulled him out and started beating him up. The student was joined by others. When Ganesh rushed for Uikey's help he was also roughed up.Uikey and Ganesh registered a complaint with Gadha police station. Police admitted them to Netaji Subashchandra Bose Medical College in Jabalpur. MSRTC deport manager S R Fadnavis was informed about the attack around 12 midnight by one of the staffers. However, the officials sat quiet for two days.Fadnavis said he learnt about the incident only on Wednesday morning when the drivers and conductors lodged protests. The ST employees' union members said Fadnavis was again informed about the attack on August 6.The driver and conductor of the Jabalpur bus returned on Monday night. The miscreants had also damaged the bus by breaking windscreens in the front and rear. Gadha police officials told TOI an FIR had been registered and they were investigating.\"No arrests have been made so far,\" they said.The drivers and conductors ferrying ST buses in Madhya Pradesh said they were harassed by private bus operators and are often abused, but officials here hardly protest.However, Rajiv Ghatole, MSRTC divisional controller, Nagpur, said, \"I've full sympathy with the staff and we are taking the incident seriously. The attack is not a fallout of competition and hence ST unions should not disrupt bus services to MP. We are pursuing our counterparts to initiate action against the accused.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15415005", "title": "Commissioner moots action against two PWD engineers", "text": "VARANASI: Taking strong note of laxity in duty, divisional commissioner Chanchal Kumar Tiwari has sent a letter to the state government detailing the charges against the chief engineer and executive engineer of PWD, Jaunpur.The commissioner took this step against the PWD chief engineer for his absence in meetings and not providing required information.Similarly, the PWD executive engineer of Jaunpur failed to provide proposal for the conversion works under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme.He also warned the forest officer of Ghazipur for not completing conversion works. Giving a month's time to him, the commissioner warned that strict action would be taken against him if failed to accomplish the task. The commissioner held a meeting of officials to review the development works on Wednesday. He expressed annoyance over delay in the survey works in Varanasi, Chandauli and Ghazipur districts under the Rajiv Gandhi Rural Electrification Scheme phase-II.He instructed the chief engineer to begin the survey work within 15 days. Besides, he also took strong notice of the zero progress in meter installation on 3386 electric transformers in the division.While reviewing the works of health department, commissioner instructed the chief medical officer, Ghazipur district to ensure better health facilities in the district and presence of doctors at the health centres.He asked the additional director (health) to form a committee to conducts raids at illegally run ultrasound centres and take action against them.He also reviewed the progress in child development programme, hot-cooked meal, sarva shiksha abhiyan, distribution of books among students and sanitation.In view of the proposed International Buddhist Conclave from September 28 to 30 in the city, the commissioner instructed the officials to ensure proper cleanliness and maintenance of roads. Chief minister, Akhilesh Yadav will inaugurate the conclave.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15411469", "title": "Water Board owes Rs 160 crore power dues", "text": "HYDERABAD: The new power tariff has put the cash-strapped Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;) in a fix. The AP Central Power Distribution Company Limited (APCPDCL) has slapped a demand notice of Rs 167 crore, including arrears, on the Water Board.The Water Board is already neck-deep in trouble due to financial crunch and accumulating power arrears have only added to its burden. \"Before the power tariff hike, the Water Board used to get Rs 25 crore as monthly power bill. Since May, we have been getting power bills of Rs 30 crore every month,\" a senior HMWS&SB; finance department official told TOI.The arrears have been accumulating since September 2011. Moreover, the CPDCL has been adding Rs two to three crore interest to the outstanding bills, he added.The Water Board has been paying Rs 15 crore to the CPDCL to avoid power disruption to the drinking water supply system. It has been utilising electricity from 19 high tension (HT) connections for drawing untreated water from reservoirs, pumping them to filter plants and finally to the supply network, he added.The HMWS&SB;'s income from different sources is around Rs 53 crore per month. Of it, it pays Rs 16 crore as salaries to employees, Rs 10 crore in the form of dearness allowance (DA) and the remaining amount for debt servicing and water and sewerage network maintenance.Chief secretary Minnie Mathew held a review meeting with Water Board officials on several issues and mounting power bills. During the discussions, she directed the Water Board to take a fresh loan and clear dues to the CPDCL.When contacted, HMWS&SB; chief general manager (Finance) B Satyanandam said the Water Board has initiated steps to tie up with a financial institution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15411208", "title": "'Stem cells still long way from therapeutic use'", "text": "NAGPUR: Stem cell research and cloning may be very promising technologies but a lot still needs to be understood before stem cells can actually be used as potential therapies at large scale in treating diseases, stated Dr Deepti Deobagkar, professor of molecular genetics and director of Bio-informatics Centre at University of Pune.She said the best thing to have happened in the field of stem cells is that it was now possible to use adult cells from any part of human body, deprogramme them and convert them into stem cell so they develop into a particular cell type. Earlier, it was possible to only convert the embryonic cells to the desired kind. This, of course, has opened doors for many new developments in basic and applied research in human sciences.The well known researcher and academician was in city on Wednesday to deliver the Prof V G Bhide memorial lecture. She shared some of her experience on stem cell research with TOI. She said that ability to reprogramme adult stem cells had opened up the possibility of stem cell therapy and cloning. \"The realization that certain cells called induced pluripotent cells can be used as embryonic stem cells has come in the last few years and has immense scope in future,\" she said.\"Since Dolly the sheep, man has cloned monkeys, mice, and cats. It is possible to make clones of clones. But the technology is still a long way from being used on a mass scale to treat diseases like cancer , neurodegenerative diseases like Parkinson's and Alzheimer's,\" Deobagkar added.She also narrated her memories of Prof Bhide. \"I got involved in science popularization activities with him only after he retired as the vice-chancellor of Pune University. In fact, I got the opportunity to write a popular book titled 'Dolly the Clone' in the 'Exploratory' series of books in both English and Marathi only due to him. He would come and tell me to write a book or give a talk and I wouldn't miss the opportunity. He had an unimaginable passion for science and had unique ability to motivate everyone around him. The book has a unique format that explains science through pictures and cartoons only due to his guidance. He was an excellent mentor and I owe a Iot to him,\" she said.The Bhide memorial lecture was jointly organized by the Bhide family comprising his wife Prabha Bhide, daughter and son-in-law Dr Vidula and Dr Madan Kapre, Bal Vigyan Chalval and the Physics Promotion Trust. They narrated Bhide's journey in science popularization as a teacher, an educationist who started the famous 'Exploratory' at Pune and as scientific adviser to Prime Minister of India. Prof C B Powar, former principal of Sindhu Mahavidyalya, presided over the lecture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15414973", "title": "Gharial found dead in Chambal river in Etawah dist", "text": "KANPUR: A gharial was found dead on Wednsday in Chambal river near Udi bridge in Etawah district.The death of gharial came barely three days after the recovery of a dead Gangetic dolphin in the Sahson area in the upstream of Chambal river in the district on August 5.The dead gharial, which was in a highly decomposed state, was about 3.5 ft in size.The dead gharial was found to be wearing a yellow colour tag with a serial number 41 inscribed on it, which according to the environmentalists only suggests that the gharial was released by some gharial conservation agency in the river in order to track the movement of critically endangered species.The tracking is expected to help assess the reptile's survival rate and the status of its preferred habitat in rivers across the region.In 2007, gharial ( Gavialis gangeticus) was listed as \"Critically Endangered\" in the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species.The recovery of a dead gharial with a number tag, however, has left the UP forest department officials perturbed. \"As such kind of tagging has not been done by us, we therefore contacted officials of Deori Gharial breeding centre of MP (Madhya Pradesh) and apprised them about the dead gharial, but they also feigned ignorance about any such tagging activity being carried by them in recent time,\" said Mahaveer Prasad, range officer, National Chambal sanctuary.Gharials are only released in their habitat after they attains the age of three years and grew upto 120 cm in size.Prasad further said that as the carcass was in highly decomposed state it was difficult to ascertain the exact cause of death at this point of time. \"We would try to find out the immediate cause by conducting its post-mortem,\" he added. Sources, however, informed that the body of gharial was found to be entangled in a fishing net, which suggested that the fishermen might have killed the reptile when it apparently got entangled in fishing net.Currently, besides Chambal, gharials are found only in the Ganga, the Brahmaputra and the Mahanadi river systems in India and Nepal .From November, 2007 till March, 2008, more than 112 gharials have died in the Chambal river from an unknown disease with gout-like symptoms. This recent death toll is expected to have decreased the number of breeding pairs. In 2007-2008, most of the gharials were found dead near the Sahson, the same spot where a female gangetic dolphin and a gharial have been found dead in past couple of days.The World Wide Fund for Nature-India estimates that more than 100 gharials have died in the sanctuary since December 2007. Most of the dead gharials were spotted at the confluence of the rivers Chambal and Yamuna. The river Chambal is the largest of only three remaining breeding populations of gharial left in the world.According to Rajiv Chauhan, secretary society for conservation of nature, who was actively involved with the conservation of gharial in the region said, \"If measures of protection are not intensively taken then gharials would be wiped out from the region.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15410878", "title": "Hyderabad cops keep tabs on migrant Rohingyas", "text": "HYDERABAD: The cops are keeping tabs on the fresh influx of Rohingya Muslims from Myanmar into the city recently. They said they have prepared a detailed report on the number of such refugees in the city on Tuesday and submitted it to the state government. This database compiled by the city police is to keep a check on the number of Rohingyas who have moved to Hyderabad.According to officials, in the list of the new influx of refugees, 41 were in Hafiz Baba Nagar and 17 in Bahadurpura of which most were males, ranging from 11 years to 65 years in age. Police officials said the docket they have put together on Rohingyas is different from the one reportedly being compiled by Foreigner Regional Registration Office of the Union home ministry.Although a few right wing organisations from the city have raised concerns regarding the increasing number of Rohingya Muslims here in the light of the recent violence in Assam , police officials maintained that there was no social tension in the Old City areas due to their arrival. That the fresh influx has been reported during the month of Ramzan has led to a lot of local community members helping them in the form of 'zakat'.\"These Rohingyas left their nation in large numbers to find a safe place and as there were a few families already residing in the city, their far-off relatives and friends have joined them now,\" said an official.Akun Sabharwal, DCP, South Zone said, \"I visited the areas where many of the Rohingyas are currently staying including Bahadurpura and Hafiz Baba Nagar. Most of them are currentlytaking shelter with the Burmese refugees who came to the city a few years ago and have obtained certificate from the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees ( UNHCR).\" tnnOther police officials also said many such refugees were present in the Pahadi Shareef area which comes under Cyberabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "15413719", "title": "Pakistan may free Taliban's No. 2 for talks", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan may release top Afghan Taliban commander Mullah Abdul Ghani Baradar to boost reconciliation efforts with militants in Afghanistan and to play a larger role in the endgame in the neighbouring country.Baradar, who was captured in Karachi in February 2010, is ranked second in influence to Afghan Taliban chief Mullah Muhammad Omar .Pakistan has so far resisted Afghanistan's demand for access to Baradar and other key Taliban leaders believed to be in Pakistani custody. The government is actively considering the release of Baradar to boost Kabul's peace negotiations with Taliban, The Express Tribune newspaper quoted its sources as saying. At the time of his arrest, Baradar was believed to be holding secret peace talks with the Afghan government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15413477", "title": "BCA keen to have its man in national selection panel this year", "text": "VADODARA: Years after former India keeper Kiran More bagged the post of chairman of selectors in Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI), the Baroda Cricket Association (BCA) is again keen to have its own man in the selection committee.BCA management is planning to propose a senior ex-cricketer's name for selector's post in September when the term of current selection committee ends. The association hopes to corner a selector's post which in turn would also benefit its young players in future.Sources in BCA said that ex-wicket keeper Nayan Mongia's name may be proposed for the selector's post. And, Mongia himself is pushing hard for the post. Mongia told TOI that he has met senior BCA officer bearers and expressed his wish to become selector in BCCI. \"I had a word with BCA president, vice-president and secretary and proposed my name. I wish to be a senior selector in Band I think I have enough cricketing experience. Now it is up to the BCA to make final decision. Going by the customary norms, it is BCA's turn to propose a name for selection committee this year,\" Mongia said.\"Over last few years, I have been a selector in BCA junior cricket and this season I have been elevated to the Ranji selector's post. I think I was promoted so that my name could be suggested in BCCI ,\" Mongia added.Apart from More, another ex-cricketer from BCA, Rakesh Parikh had also bagged the post of chairman of junior national selection committee in the past. \"We are planning to propose name from BCA for national senior selector but we are yet to finalize the candidate,\" said BCA secretary, Sanjay Patel said.Sources, however, said that BCA management may propose Mongia's name as he is one of the senior most cricketers in the association. The association hopes that having its man in the selection committee may help it promote some talented youngsters from BCA. Mongia had fallen apart with BCA after he retired in 2004 and he was one of the most vocal critics of the association.He had even joined the Veteran Cricket Association (VCA) that BCA considered as a rebel group. After being left out in cold for years, Mongia was inducted in BCA three years ago and offered the job of improving the junior cricket.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15414516", "title": "Janmashtami celebrations: Youngsters practising for a special event", "text": "NEW DELHI: Youngsters from different parts of the city have been practising for a special event. It is Janmashtami on Friday and they will try to break a ceremonial handi filled with butter, curd, floral colours and essence. They have formed teams to compete for this honour: an honour that was Lord Krishna's , or so the legend says. On Wednesday, TOI found some of them practising in Karawal Nagar.Shashi Sharma (12), a Class VI student, has high hopes. After all, she will be at the top of the human pyramid that would try to bring down the h a n d iplaced 26 feet from the ground.\"I have never done this before. It will be my first time to climb over shoulders and break the handi , \" said Sharma at one of their training sessions at Karawal Nagar. She will be supported by 30-odd women, who will stand on each other's shoulders and try to maintain balance.On Wednesday, they practised their synchronized moves as they have been doing for the last 10 days. Eight women stood in a closeknit circle, holding each other by their waists. Two more stood in the centre, forming the base of a two-level pyramid. After this, four more climbed over the shoulders of the ones below. Slouching and forming the first ring of the human pyramid, these four supported two more to make the second level.The pyramid was only half the desired height. As Shashi climbed and reached the top, the women below her began to stand. Shashi had two falls, bringing the pyramid down with her. But they were lucky on their third attempt.\"The entire task\u2014right from forming the base to reaching the top and breaking the handi \u2014has to be done within 10 minutes. The longer the group takes to balance themselves the chances of the pyramid caving in increase,\" said Datta Vithal Derangale, one of the team coaches.Every year Derangale and Santosh Shivram Manne come to Delhi from Mumbai to train them. \"The aim is to be able to break the handi that hangs at 31 feet. But no one has been able to do that till date,\" said Manne.The teams from areas like Karawal Nagar , Loni Road, Jamuna Park, Shiv Vihar and Subhash Park will be competing for cash prizes at Utsav Ground, Patparganj on Friday.\"The cash prizes range between Rs 11,000 and Rs 31,000. This year, singer Mika has also said that he will break a dahi handi,\" said Bharat Lal Sharma of Chhatrapati Shivaji Samaaj Kalyan, the organizer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15413639", "title": "Man held for death of peacocks", "text": "MADURAI: A farmer, who allegedly poisoned a flock of about 10 peacocks few days ago, was arrested near Oddanchatram in Dindigul district and lodged in prison on Tuesday night.Police said that cattle herds who had been wandering in Kaveriammanpatti Periyakulam near Oddanchatram found the dead peacocks thrown near the fields. They immediately informed the police. Forest officials swung into action and conducted inquiries in the villages nearby.Meanwhile, a postmortem conducted by a veterinary doctor of Keeranur revealed that the birds had been poisoned.Investigations revealed that a farmer, Chinnakalai (45) from Kaveriammanpatti Periyakulam, who had been cultivating pumpkins on the hilly terrains in his village, had used rat poison to kill the rodents that were invading his fields. A few days ago, he discovered that the peacocks, which had come to drink water in the pool in his field, had consumed the poison and died. He panicked and disposed the dead birds by throwing them into the nearby forest region.Police have arrested him and produced him before a Dindigul court and remanded him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15416799", "title": "SC dismisses Jaganmohan's plea against his arrest in DA case", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Thursday dismissed a petition of YSR Congress leader Y S Jaganmohan Reddy challenging his arrest in a disproportionate assets case.The apex court has also issued notice to the CBI after senior counsel Ram Jethmalani , appearing for Reddy, submitted that various principles relating to grant of bail set by the Supreme Court had been overlooked by the Andhra Pradesh HC and a CBI court judge while denying him the relief.( Inputs from PTI )", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15411611", "title": "Pathway 'bridge' washed away", "text": "NAGPUR: The Pili river in north Nagpur is flooded and part of the small pathway 'bridge' connecting Tarkeshwar Nagar and Kadu Layout with Nari ring road has washed away.Mayor Anil Sole, ruling party leader Pravin Datke and corporator Savita Sangole visited the 'bridge'. The mayor expressed concern when he found that the small bridge has no street lights though it was being used by pedestrians and two-wheeler riders. Later, he directed the officials concerned to repair the 'bridge' and also install street lights on the patch. Besides carrying out repair works on the washed away patch, Sole also directed the NMC's public works department to construct a compound wall on the nullah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "15412679", "title": "31 killed as bus falls into gorge in Meghalaya", "text": "SHILLONG: In one of the worst road accidents in the northeast as also in the country in recent times, at least 31 passengers were killed when the bus they were travelling in plunged into a deep gorge in East Jaintia Hills district of Meghalaya early on Wednesday.\"The night super bus, run by the Sherowali Travels, had a maximum capacity of 35 seats. But it was carrying far more people, which is the primary reason for the tragedy,\" said a police officer. The accident took place at 4.45am at the landslide-prone village of Tamseng in the Sonapur area, near the Meghalaya-Assam border.\"So far we have managed to retrieve 31 dead bodies including children and women,\" district superintendent of police M K Dkhar told TOI. He said as many as 27 people who were critically-injured were shifted to a nearby Community Health Centre at Khliehriat, the district headquarters. Some of the injured were rushed to Silchar, headquarters of the Cachar district in neighbouring Assam.The bus, on its way to Agartala, started from Guwahati last evening, police said. The driver also lost his life in the accident. Police has not ruled out drunk driving as the cause of the accident.With the onset of the monsoons the crucial highway, which is the lifeline for several northeast states, gets blocked frequently due to heavy landslides. Police have set up helplines\u20149435651794, 09436162213 and 9435026076\u2014for those seeking help or information about relatives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15411963", "title": "IT/vocational courses most searched online", "text": "MUMBAI: A Google survey has revaled that the internet is a big favourite with Indians in their hunt for educational courses and institutes. Rajan Anandan, VP and managing director of Google India, said, \"With over 60 million internet users in India being in the 18-35 age group, education-related search queries are exploding on Google. Our core objective behind compiling the study was to understand the impact internet is having on this young population with regard to education-related decision-making.\"Indian students seem to stick to tried and tested courses, with IT/vocational (44%) courses inviting maximum hits, followed by engineering (40%) and management (16%). \"Students opt for whatever assures them a good job,\" said Suhas Pednekar, principal of Ramnarain Ruia College in Matunga. Pednekar said most students now go for a management course after graduation.The study was compiled by combining Google search query patterns and an offline research by TNS Australia.According to the offline survey conducted in seven cities, including Mumbai, Delhi, Pune and Ahmedabad, 56% students said job placement was the most important criteria while selecting institutes/courses. Faculty (49%), course content (48%), reputation of the institute (43%) and fees (41%) followed behind. Students research for 5-6 months on average before zeroing in on a course, the survey revealed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15411714", "title": "In Patna, you can pee anywhere", "text": "PATNA: Remember 'Paa', the Bollywood blockbuster in which Abhishek Bachchan played dad to Amitabh Bachchan who played Auro, a patient of a rare disorder called progeria? The reel-life father, a politician, pulled over his driver to rebuke a man for using the roadside pavement as \"potty\" in the national capital. In Bihar, neither a neta nor a cop is ever seen doing that even as people, from villages as well as cities, pee in public.This despite the fact that the Bihar Municipal Act of 2007 authorizes the state's municipal bodies, including the Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC), to impose a fine ranging from Rs 100 to Rs 1,000 on every individual indulging in the 'dirty act'.The PMC administration has an excuse to offer for its failure on this front. \"The procedure for implementation of the Act has not been defined yet by the government,\" PMC's Bankipore circle executive officer Chandrashekhar Azaad told TOI on Wednesday.Another senior PMC official said everyone seemed to abuse others for using public places as lavatories. \"Why can't the people who feel offended at such a sight catch hold of the offender's collar and shoo him away?\" he asked and added even the educated people were into it.Patna's SP (city) Jayant Kant was also of the view that people themselves, more than the law or law-enforcing agencies, could rid the city of the stink. \"This is more of a social issue and could be solved through a public initiative,\" he said as he explained the police could act only on complaints and not suo moto.Lack of public toilets is another reason, said Bindeshwar Pathak, founder of the Sulabh International which runs few lavatories in Patna. \"A city as big as Patna needs at least 10,000 public toilets. If the government meets even half of the requirement, the scenario will better, for sure,\" Pathak said and estimated there could not be even 100 public lavatories in Patna.Neetu Sinha, a student, fumes at the theory of the \"urgency of the natural urge\" behind this shamelessness of men. \"Women too have this urge. If they can endure it till they reach home or office or school or college, why can't men?\" she asked.Psychiatrist Dr Amardeep Kumar appeared to be agreeing with the likes of Neetu when he said Indians had a tendency of eating in private and peeing in public. \"The 'dirty mentality' has much to do with the upbringing of the person concerned and his sense of hygiene,\" he said.The doctor's prescription? \"We can start with hygiene education at school as well as home,\" Dr Kumar said and added if we also attached stigma with this act of men and punished them with fine, things would improve fast.Ironically, even gods have not been spared with people peeing near temples. Poor gods. They cannot even cover their noses with hankies or make faces unlike the mortals that we are.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15413658", "title": "IT parks on OMR go without power supply for a month", "text": "CHENNAI: In early July, Alfa City and Spefica IT Park, which have nearly a dozen information technology companies, on Old Mahabalipuram Road suffered a massive power cut. A month later, electricity supply is yet to be restored as the Tamil Nadu Electricity Board (TNEB) and SIPCOT have been at loggerheads over how to restore the power supply.TNEB officials found that the source of the problem was a technical fault in an underground cable. In order to repair the cable, they needed to cut a stretch of road leading to a transformer inside SIPCOT. Officials of SIPCOT objected to it as it would mean digging up a newly-laid road.Instead, SIPCOT want TNEB to lay a new underground cable using the existing trench to resume power to the companies, which the electricity board opposed as it would an additional expense of a few lakhs of rupees.TNEB officials said it would take only a day or two to repair the faulty underground cable. But with SIPCOT insisting that they lay a new underground cable, TNEB officials are not too enthused by the idea as it would take at least two months to source new cables from the board's headquarters.\"We cannot replace the entire cable along the stretch to repair a specific spot. This would result in unwanted expenditure and additional work for us. Repairing the damaged cable is ideal way and a standard practice,\" said TNEB's area engineer S Karunakaran.As a result, the operations of the software companies are affected badly. Every day, a company spends around Rs 1.5 lakh for diesel generators to run its operations. Most of the companies work round-the-clock. \"Complete shutdown for a day or two is manageable but it has been close to a month, ruining our operations. ,\" said a staff of one of the affected companies.Though several petitions were sent by the representatives of the companies, it remains to be seen if the IT parks will see the light of the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15412522", "title": "Deolali sees 20% dip in crime rate", "text": "NASHIK: The continuous exercise of naka bandis and police patrolling has had a visible effect in Deolali with crime rate recording a significant 20% drop in the area said senior inspector of the Deolali Camp police station, Anil Powar on Wednesday.Powar said that in view of the growing rising cases of chain snatching and house break-ins, the Deolali Camp police have been continuously convening meetings with the residents in different neighbourshoods to spread awareness about precautions that citizens could exercise. Police believe these awareness initiatives have borne fruit.Until July end, there were 49 offences registered in the Deolali Camp police station. During the same period last year, the figure stood at 61. Powar said that last year, during the same period there were seven incidences of house break-ins in the night, while this year there have been only three cases so far. There is only one case of chain snatching registered this year.Police officials said nakabandis at Sansari Naka and Bhagur Naka, which are regarded as the sole entry and exit points to the Camp have worked well to keep the crime under control.Powar said that even as villages like Bhagur, Nanegaon, Donavade, Rahuri, Lahavit, Vanjarwadi, Shigve Bagula and Loha Shingvefall under the jurisdiction of the Deolali Camp police, but do not have their own police chowkies, personnel at the Deolali Camp police station continually pay visits to these villages and liaise with the Police Patils there.Apart from this, during the night hours, maintenance log books have been kept at residential localities housing bungalows and societies, to maintain records of police patrol visits by night shift police personnel.With regard to incidences of eve-teasing, Powar said that, while the market area is patrolled jointly by the military and city police, there is regular bandobast at Bhatia College during the institute's opening and closing hours, and this too acts as a deterrant to keep law-breakers at bay.When there had been several incidents of sandalwood thefts observed in Deolali Camp two years ago, Powar said that this year there has not been a single complaint of such theft registered by the police here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15413577", "title": "Erode farmers watch helplessly as peacocks destroy their crop", "text": "COIMBATORE: The carcasses of peacocks found in Kaveriammanpatti village in Dindigul district on Monday, has once again brought to the forefront the rampant killing of our national bird by farmers to protect their crop.Peacocks have been regularly destroying farms in Chennimalai, Perundurai, Archalur, Shivagiri and Kodumudi in Erode district, Palladam, Madukarai, Kinathakadavu and Thondamuthur in Coimbatore district and Udumalai and Avinashi in Tirupur district. Farmers have on several occasions brought this issue to the attention of district administration officials but in vain.T Subbu, president of Tamizhagam Vyvsayi Sangam in Erode said that the birds destroy on an average destroy more than 10% percent of the crop. \"Farmers, especially in Perundarai, have been affected by the continuous incursion of peacocks into their fields. The issue has been taken up with the district administration and forest officials, but no action has been taken to resolve the issue. If this situation continues, farmers will be forced to handle the situation in their own way,\" he said.P Kandasamy, a farmer near Perur, said that the bird did not spare any crop including tomato, cereals, grains and even green chillies. Since it is the national bird and protected under the law, farmers feel helpless.D Arun, divisional conservator, Erode, admitted that this was a problem, but he was helpless in curbing the menace. However, they have conducted campaigns to make farmers understand the importance of the bird and the implications of killing it. Given its religious significance, there have not been many cases of poaching or killing. Since 2008, only 4 cases have been registered in Coimbatore, with three still pending in court.However, nature conservationists feel that only a few cases are being reported. The climatic conditions and suitable vegetation in the western region facilitates the multiplication of these birds, said N I Jalaluddin, president, The Nature Conservation Society. \"Many cases of killing have been reported in Erode, Avinashi, Madurai and Sathyamangalam. Besides, the increasing presence of peacocks in the region encourage poaching for the meat and feathers,\" he added. He also pointed out that the shrinking habitation has driven these birds to invade fields.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "belpahari", "code": "15412330", "title": "Chief minister sows hope in Belpahari", "text": "BELPAHARI: Mamata Banerjee , on her first tour as chief minister to Maoist-hit Belpahari district in West Midnapore, started off exactly where she had left the place on January 12, 1994. Incidentally, that was a Wednesday, too.\"I visited Joram in Belpahari that day to see how villagers lead their lives. They go to the forests, collect firewood, catch ant eggs, eat them and sell them for a living. It is their way of life. It's an inhuman battle of survival for one of the most marginalized sections of society. I have written about this in 'Upalabdhi',\" she said as a crowd of 70,000 erupted in thunderous applause.TOI had on Wednesday reported the chief minister's journey 15 years ago, tracing the route she had taken and the man who drove Mamata to that back-of-beyond village. Mamata was then the chairperson of the Bengal Youth Congress.In her political essay 'Upalabdhi', Mamata has described vividly the village way of life and the travails of a people cut off from the basic necessities of life. People for whom eating ants off the ground was a ground reality for survival.Belpahari has changed in all these years, but many things remain the same.The memories of that day came up on a number of occasions during her speech here, as she unveiled a range of projects for the district in general and Belpahari in particular. \"I want change, the ground realities to change. Change for Belpahari, change for Joram, change for a better life. Development will be our weapon,\" she said.Shantanu Mahato, who took Mamata to Joram 18 years ago, stood at the first barricade. \"She won't remember me, but at least she remembered the short trip she took on my motorcycle,\" he said.Rabi Mahato doesn't know the man, but remembers that only one chief minister came here long back. That was Siddhartha Shankar Ray, who headed the last Congress government in Bengal between 1972 and 1977. Ray visited Belpahari on January 10, 1972.\"I have seen this place grow up with me. A lot needs to change here. Things that would change the lives of people here. We want to lead peaceful lives,\" he said, waving to the chief minister's convoy as it left Belpahari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15413627", "title": "Allahabad decks for for Krishna's birthday", "text": "ALLAHABAD: With the festival of Krishna Janmashtami falling on August 10, the city has got busy in the preparations. From purchase of popular traditional decorative items to decorate house with flowers, cradle for Lord Krishna and collecting the raw material for the special cuisines for fasting on the day, citizens are on a shopping spree.In the main markets like Loknath, Katra and Civil Lines, many shops selling puja materials and edibles to be consumed on Janmashtami have come up.While some of the shops are offering colourful cradle for Lord Krishna, wall hangings, golden bells, balloons, coloured printed papers, others are busy selling flute, artificial jewellery and ornaments for decorating the idols of Krishna, conch shells, Pooja thali the metal plate containing the ingredients necessary for worship, electronic and earthen lamps etc. similarly, door hangings with pictures of Lord Krishna pasted over them attractive torans made by stitching or pasting popular Janmashtami symbols such as flute, peacock feathers, pots containing butter and butter milk are also being sold. Likewise, people are busy purchasing several other articles including Supari (betel nut), betel leaves, Kalai nada (auspicious thread), Sindoor, incense sticks, flowers both natural and that made of plastic which can be used for decoration, new clothes for the idol of Krishna, Ghee, prayer book containing Krishna's arti, special sweets for those who would keep fast on Janmashtami, Saffron, etc.\"We have been keeping fast and decorating the puja ghar (worship chamber) of our house which has in a way become a bit famous in our locality for the decorative tableaux and the shops at Loknath provides every basic articles from golden bells to small idols of Nandgopal,\" said Kiran Kesherwani, a resident of Preetan Nagar. \"We give a festive makeover to the whole house, especially the 'puja ghar' and also other places like the kitchen, drawing room and other rooms of the house. The center of attention of the day is obviously the 'puja ghar' which is brightly decorated to welcome Lord Krishna and fill the house with his blessings,\" added Nalini Srivastava.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15412342", "title": "MHA plans centre for sharing Red intel", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Union home ministry is mulling over a proposal by the CRPF to set up a multi-agency centre, NAMAC, dedicated to coordination and sharing of intelligence inputs related to Left-wing extremists.The proposal was discussed at a meeting of the existing multi-agency centre (MAC) on Wednesday. Intelligence Bureau (IB) chief Nehchal Sandhu and CRPF director-general K Vijay Kumar attended the meeting. Police chiefs of nine Maoist-affected states took part in the meeting via video-conferencing.Though Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has often called the Maoist insurgency the \"biggest security threat\" facing the country, the existing MAC, housed in the Intelligence Bureau (IB), does not handle intelligence about the ultra-Left outfit. Latest figures released by the home ministry showed there were 244 deaths in 864 instances of Maoist violence till June 30. During this period, 162 civilians, 82 security force personnel and 49 Maoists were killed.CRPF chief Vijay Kumar said, \"We had an interaction with intelligence agencies today. CRPF is keen on a mechanism that would deal with Maoist-related intelligence.\"The CRPF wants to involve the police and intelligence units of Maoist-hit states for the centralized NAMAC. Last month, the CRPF brass held a meeting with police chiefs of Andhra Pradesh, Chhattisgarh and Odisha.The IB is yet to decide on a separate MAC for Maoist-related intelligence. For now, the existing MAC will deal with it.The biggest hurdle in anti-Maoist operations is the lack or almost absence of quality intelligence, said an officer involved in the operations.Besides problems of coordination in matters related to anti-Maoist operations, weak intelligence sharing between states and central agencies is a major concern. Also, quality real-time intelligence inputs about Maoists is hard to come by. Gathering human intelligence in vast swathes of land, especially in Maoist liberated zones, where the government has almost no access or connect with the people is equally challenging. Poor connectivity in these remote areas hampers technical intelligence too.Quality intelligence would reduce casualties and increase efficacy of anti-Maoist operations, said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15411815", "title": "10 injured in Mumbai-Pune express highway accident", "text": "PUNE: Ten passengers travelling in a multi-utility vehicle (MUV) sustained severe injuries after the vehicle crashed into the road divider near Urse toll plaza on Mumbai-Pune express highway on Wednesday morning.The condition of five of the 10 injured is said to be critical. They are undergoing treatment in a private hospital in Nigdi. Following the accident the MUV caught fire due to a short circuit. The employees of the Ideal Road Builders doused the flames.The Talegaon Dabhade police said the passengers were coming to Pune from Mumbai. When the vehicle came near the Urse toll plaza the driver lost control of the wheel and rammed the divider. The employees of the Ideal Road Builders rushed the injured to the hospital in Nigdi. The doctors released five of them after preliminary treatment and the remaining are being treated in the intensive care unit ( ICU) of the hospital.The Talegaon Dabhade police have registered a case of accident in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "15413692", "title": "Pakistan Supreme Court puts PM Raja Pervez Ashraf on notice", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan's supreme court on Wednesday issued a show-cause notice to Prime Minister Raja Pervez Ashraf and ordered him to appear before it on August 27 for failing to implement its directive to write to Swiss authorities to reopen graft cases against President Asif Ali Zardari .The move comes two months after Ashraf's predecessor Yousaf Raza Gilani was found guilty of contempt over the same issue and ultimately removed from office.\"We issue notice to Prime Minister Raja Pervez Ashraf under (the) Contempt of Court Act 2003, read with article 204 of the constitution to show cause as to why he may not be proceeded (against) in contempt of court and (is) not complying (with the) relevant direction of the court,\" the court's short order said. \"He shall appear in person at the next date of hearing (August 27).''Justice Asif Saeed Khosa, who read out the order, said that it was unfortunate that the PM had failed to implement the court's directives and warned Ashraf that he could be charged with contempt of court.Attorney General Irfan Qadir sought more time from the court and requested that the hearing be adjourned till the first week of September given that the case is of \"sensitive nature\". But the court denied his request and said that he had already been given enough time.On the eve of court's hearing, the ruling Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) stuck to its stated position saying that it will not write to Swiss authorities and resist the court's actions within the ambit of the constitution.The government on Wednesday also filed a review petition against the Supreme Court's decision which declared the Contempt of Court Law, 2012 as unconstitutional. On August 4, the apex court had struck down the hurriedly prepared and enacted law, which exempted top government officials, including president, PM, chief ministers and governors from contempt of court charges. The law was particularly designed to save Ashraf.Political and legal observers believe that the tussle between the government and judiciary will intensify in days to come as they expect Ashraf's ouster like his predecessor. But PPP supporters hope that Ashraf will survive for two to three months even if the top court ordered his ouster.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15414010", "title": "Fight against foeticide will be won or lost in court", "text": "The government is right, to some extent, when it says connivance by victims' families makes things difficult for the prosecution. But there has to be a solution. One way could be to charge in-laws of women, who are forced to undergo the procedure, with abetment to the crime and make the punishment a real deterrent. Ultimately, the punishment that killers of the female foetus get in court will determine whether Maharashtra can contain this crime against humanity.Related story:  Victims' silence roadblock in convictions", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "nellore", "code": "15411016", "title": "Tamil Nadu Express fire: Gutted S11 bogey brought to Hyderabad for forensic test", "text": "NELLORE: Nearly 10 days after the deadly fire killed over 30 passengers in Tamil Nadu Express, the authorities shifted the gutted S11 bogie to Hyderabad for forensic examination on Wednesday.Though forensic experts collected burnt articles from the bogie, the APFSL authorities are believed to have requested the police and railway officials to keep the gutted coach at a nearby location to corroborate the evidence. The FSL scientists suspect that either crackers or cracker powder could have caused the fire in the bogie, but they are yet to finalise the report.Meanwhile, police stepped up investigation into the sabotage angle. The Government Railway Police (GRP) set up separate teams to visit various places to record the statements of the survived passengers who survived the mishap. With only two passengers deposing before the commissioner, railway safety (CRS) during his public enquiry last week, police are trying to take statements from all those who escaped the mishap unhurt.As per the record, nearly 45 passengers escaped from the mishap and reached their destinations safe. As many of them passengers reside in Chennai, a team has already been sent there for taking their statements. Another team is likely to visit Vijayawada and Visakhapatnam to record the first-hand account of the survivors.Police are also trying to figure out whether any Muslim passenger woke up for 'sahar' (fast of Ramzan) early in the morning and tried to cook food with the help of either a kerosene or gas stove. Among seven Muslim passengers (between 41 and 51 berths in the S11 coach) four were killed. Police suspect that inflammable goods carried by some passenger might have caught fire accidentally when he/she tried to light the stove for preparation of food. The timing of the mishap, around 4.16 am, has given rise to suspicions on the Sahar angle.Police are planning to question Hussain, who is recovering at the railway hospital at Sriperambudur. The 55-year-old, who occupied berth no 47, survived the mishap. The other two who escaped were A Sajjad and Shabbir. When contacted, chief investigation officer and railway DSP Srinivasula Naidu said they are yet to have a breakthrough in the investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15413483", "title": "Did Keshubhai raise alarm on Machchu dam disaster?", "text": "VADODARA: The book, 'No One Had a Tongue to Speak' on Machchu dam disaster might just raise the troubles for former chief minister Keshubhai Patel , the then agriculture minister, whose role during the disaster had set off a clamour for his exit.Utpal Sandesara, a Harvard graduate and a MD-PhD student of Anthropology in the University of Pennsylvania who wrote the book with Tom Wooten, his colleague from Harvard, will talk to the students of MSU about the book.The veteran politician, who has floated a new party after parting ways with BJP recently, was accused of failing to raise necessary alarm in time ever after seeing the flood fury with his own eyes in 1979.Chapter 4 of the book, 'Something out of the Ordinary', deals with Keshubhai's visit to the area along with a Superintending engineer, surveying the impact of rains.They had to stop just outside of Morbi near Sanala, due to a massive traffic jam on the highway when they were told that Machhu Dam-II was out of contact. The road ahead had disappeared into \"an endless lake...no amount of rain could have flooded the area so completely\". After waiting for about two hours, the minister left for Rajkot around 7 pm, leaving his two companions at Sanala. After reaching Rajkot around 9 pm, the minister ordered the staffers to establish wireless telegraph contact with Sanala, failing which he instructed an official to travel to Morbi. \"Then, without raising any further alarm, about the potentially disastrous flooding, he had turned in for the night,\" the authors write.The then district collector A R Banerjee recorded this fact in his report prepared soon after the tragedy. But, the same collector, also \"came to appreciate his (Keshubhai's ) dedication to establish a well functioning control room... Less than twenty-four hours after returning from the brink of the Machhu dam disaster without reporting what he had witnessed, the agriculture minister was leading the efforts to bring relief to Morbi. It may have been a guilty man's atonement,\" the authors note on page 168.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15415018", "title": "Irregular power supply hits sewai production", "text": "VARANASI: Is irregular power supply going to bitter the taste of sewai during the festival of Eid?\"Due to irregular power supply, the production of sewai has declined up to 40 percent this year. A huge quantity of raw materials also go waste when the power is disrupted. Also, at the same time operating machines on generators is not affordable,\" said Santosh Keshari, a leading sewai producer at Hanuman Phatak area of the city whose sewai is in demand all over the country as well as in Gulf countries.Santosh, who is the president of Varanasi Sewai Grihudyog Vyavsyaik Sangh, said: \"Due to negligence and lack of proper facilities, local production of sewai is facing hurdles. People are now adopting different ways to earn a livelihood. Most of us are now engaged in different trades like buying and selling eatables, garments and other articles,\" he added.Over 40 families and around 250 people are engaged in producing very fine sewai, also called special Benarasi sewai, for the festival of Eid. A majority of these manufacturers are based at Hanuman Phatak area where the sewai is produced since the last 70 years.According to Lal Chand Gupta, another trader whose four generations have been dependent on sewai production for livelihood, the production of sewai started as a home-based trade in the area. \"Earlier, we used to prepare thin strands with hands. Seeing a family manufacturing sewai, neighbours and relatives who were residing nearby also learnt the art and after few years, manual machines were installed in many households for sewai production. It was only 30 years ago that churning out sewai moved to modern machines operated by electricity were introduced,\" he said.According to Gupta, while the normal size sewai are prepared at many places in the country, thin sewai of size 1, size 2, size 0 and size 00 are prepared in the city only. Interestingly, the delicacies are prepared from special refined flour, where pure ghee is added to give it a special texture. But, while kacchi sewai (raw and white sewai) is in demand for Eid, the thicker and ghee-fried sutpheni is cherished during shehari.Santosh said, \"Sewai preparations start four months before Eid and we remain out of business for the remaining year. However, sewai is prepared if we receive any special order from customers or outstation traders. \"But for Eid sale, we will die of hunger as it is our only source of income. However, lack of profit and proper facilities, rising prices and increasing cost of production has seen sewai-makers switching to other professions,\" said Pawan Keshari.Despite all odds, Benarasi Sewai is one of the specialities of the city and remains much in demand during Eid. If the claims of traders of sewai at prominent markets like Dalmandi and Visheshwarganj are to be believed, the item is prepared only in Varanasi and is exported to Gulf countries. Retailers from Maharashtra, West Bengal, Southern India, Madhya Pradesh, Delhi and Bihar throng the city to buy this variety of sewai on the occasion.According to Shadab, a dry fruit and sewai seller at Dalmandi area, purchasing for sewai starts 20 to 25 days before Ramzan. \"Some people buy and gift wrap the Benarasi Sewai to send it to their near and dear ones in other parts of the world,\" he informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "sarabha nagar", "code": "15414507", "title": "Traffic goes one-way, smooth on Nav Durga temple road", "text": "SARABHA NAGAR: The flow of traffic on Nav Durga temple road in Sarabha Nagar could soon run smooth. In a bid to streamline vehicular flow, traffic police on Wednesday turned the stretch one-way on Wednesday. The 'experiment' will go on for the next few days before the road is permanently turned into a one-way zone.SHO, traffic, Beant Juneja said they have been receiving many complaints regarding traffic menace on this road and so, they would make the road one way twice a day\u2014 between 6.30am and 8am and 12.30pm and 2pm. The situation becomes critical during these hours as there is a school on this stretch.Sarabha Nagar resident Jaspreet Singh said traffic police's plan to keep the road one-way during busy hours will make the stretch safer and reduce the number of accidents on it. \"People park their vehicles haphazardly on the road when they come to pick up their kids from school and leave hardly any space for traffic to pass,\" he added.Ferozepur Road resident Raghav Arora uses this road every day to commute to his office on Pakhowal Road. He said the timings during which this road would be turned one-way are perfect as the rush during those hours is at its peak.BRS Nagar resident Harish Kumar said if implemented, such initiatives to control the vehicular flow on other crowded stretches will solve the traffic woes in other parts of the city too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15412023", "title": "BTC to be swept clean of illegal arms", "text": "GUWAHATI: With the state government being fearful of 'forces' using automatic weapons to destabilize the situation just when the recent Bodo-Muslim ethnic clashes seem to be dying down, the police authorities have issued clear instructions to seize all firearm found on anybody in the Bodoland Territorial Area Districts (BTAD) and in adjoining Dhubri district.According to a source, \"There are illegal arms not just in the BTC area but in Dhubri as well. Earlier, only militant groups possessed automatic weapons and other firearms, but nowadays many individuals also possess illegal arms. The priority for the state government now is to round up and seize these illegal arms as soon as possible.\"A top police official said, \"As per the law, no illegal arms can be present anywhere. The police have been asked to book anyone, whether he be a surrendered rebel, a militant in ceasefire or any individual, if he is found to possess an illegal weapon.\"Automatic firearms have been used in the last four to five days just when the ethnic clashes were subsiding since July 25. \"Of the 73 casualties of the violence, very few died of bullet injuries. Six of them died in police firing. The only incidents of people being shot dead have occurred in the last four to five days when the situation was returning to normal. Miscreants are using firearms in these killings as they do not want the situation to be normal,\" the source said.The official pointed out that had militants come out in full strength and used weapons from the time the clashes began, the death toll would have been much higher.The Bodo heartland has been a hotbed of militancy. While the Bodo Liberation Tiger (BLT) has been disbanded and its leaders hold the reins of the administration in the autonomous council, many of its members are reported to possess illegal arms, which they did not deposit while surrendering. Similarly, the National Democratic Front of Boroland (NDFB) now has three groups - one group of surrendered militants, another group called NDFB (Progressive), which is in talks with the government, and the anti-talks faction headed by Ranjan Daimnary, which had declared a unilateral ceasefire in 2011 but withdrew it on Tuesday.\"The statement issued by chief of army of the Ranjan Daimary faction, IK Songbijit, yesterday (Tuesday) is not the decision of the faction's central council and is Songbijit's personal view. Ranjan Daimary is still in favour of starting talks with the government,\" a top source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "rourkela", "code": "15410770", "title": "High court permits NIT to admit students", "text": "ROURKELA: The Orissa high court on Wednesday permitted NIT-Rourkela to continue admissions staying an earlier decision that had quashed it. The Central Counseling Board- 2012 of NIT had challenged the stay order passed by Justice Sanju Panda after four students moved the court against a new admission rule.But the division bench of Chief Justice V Gopal Gowda and Justice S K Mishra, who heard the CCB petition, directed NIT to keep four seats vacant for the four students, who had filed the writ petition. The four students had challenged the decision of CCB-2012 to change selection guidelines under home state quota. The students and their guardians claimed that the new rule was intimated to them just before the beginning of counselling and not before the examination. They had also stated that because of this new rule, the home state students will be deprived of a NIT seat.After completion of hearing, Justice Sanju Panda had quashed the clause no 3.3.1 of the information brochure CCB-2012 and had directed NIT to admit students as per the previous guideline. This had brough admissions to a grinding halt though four rounds had been completed.The CCB-2012, after consultation with legal experts, decided to file a writ appeal against the high court order. \"The HC order which quashed clause 3.3.1 of the CCB 2012, as per our legal advisors is not clear and there is no specific guideline regarding which process we should follow,\" said Sunil Sarangi, chairman of CCB-2012. \"We had no other option than to move court for a clear cut opinion with a prayer to allow us to continue the counselling and admission, which was stopped after the HC order,\" Sarangi added.Besides admitting the case, the division bench stayed the earlier order. The division bench also allowed the CCB to continue its counseling and admission into NIT. The bench however directed to keep four seats vacant, till finalization of the writ application. The next date of hearing is August 10, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15412798", "title": "Broadcasters against TAM, want its monopoly broken", "text": "NEW DELHI: The media industry has come out against Television Audience Measurement (TAM) for its inadequacy in sample size and representation, pointing out that the measurement system was being used more for lack of a better alternative rather than the credibility of data.Media agency Havas media CEO Anita Nayyar cautioned that TAM data was only to provide trends and to suggest that it be used to extrapolate for a country as large and diverse as India was not correct. \"Such a small number of people meters cannot be representative. It should be nuanced for in such a vast, diverse country but research is expensive,\" she said.Added India TV's Rajat Sharma: \"The ills of TAM are primarily due to its monopoly status. We need to expedite plans to create a vibrant and transparent alternative to TAM. Broadcasters, advertisers and media planners owe it to the industry.\"Times Now CEO Sunil Lulla said that the \"consistency of aberrations in TAM's data was alarming.\" He added that there was no defined way of recognizing English channel viewership or viewership in affluent homes. Lulla said, \"There is an urgent need for alignment of the measurement system.\"Broadcast industry sources said that the system of a single rating was flawed in itself. \"Imagine buying something worth lakhs...won't you cross-check the price with the competition? Why should media buying agencies be different? But monopolistic practices have forced the second agency (aMap) to fold up,\" said a broadcaster who did not wish to be named.Another broadcaster underlined the need for an independent audit regarding the people meters. The broadcaster said the government should intervene since it affects not only media buying and advertising but also the equity market.The government on its part has taken serious note of the allegations that have been made against TAM by NDTV and other broadcasters in the past few days and are watching developments closely. Sources said that the ministry had set up the Amit Mitra committee in 2010 with a view to make the television measurement system more transparent, realistic and broad-based. However there has been little headway in creating an industry-led body.The Prasar Bharati board on Monday's lent its support to its CEO Jawhar Sircar asking him to explore legal options against TAM. Prasar Bharati, which has 37 Doordarshan channels and four allied ones, feels it has been deprived of authentic data that would reflect its status as the only channel with nearly 92% coverage of the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15412414", "title": "Work culture anomaly helps nab TV thief", "text": "KOLKATA: Finally, it was Bengal's infamous work culture that provided a vital clue and led to the recovery of the LCD television set that was stolen from Kolkata airport's international terminal on Wednesday. The suspect \u2014 an airport employee in the housekeeping department \u2014 was arrested from his home.The 26-inch LCD had mysteriously disappeared from the VIP lounge on Monday. CISF officers reviewed nearly 42 hours of CCTV footage before they could isolate suspicious behaviour by an airport employee. Not that Debasish Sarkar behaved in a strange manner. In fact, he seemed perfectly composed in the footage, walking out of the terminal at 7.15am on Monday, pushing a luggage cart that contained a waste bag.But what seemed bizarre to CISF was Sarkar's presence at that hour. \"His shift was from 8am to 4pm. Even if an employee reaches the airport an hour before the morning shift, it is very unlikely that he would start work that early. That is very unlike the work culture in Bengal. Here, even if people report on time, they get working much later,\" remarked a CISF officer who had scanned the tapes for hours.The plastic waste bag that Sarkar had taken out of the terminal further cemented their suspicion. The airport employs contractual workers to remove garbage. There was no reason for Sarkar to dispose of a garbage bag.A team of CISF and police raided Sarkar's house on Jessore Road. His wife, who opened the door, admitted that her husband had returned home the previous day with an LCD TV and it was under the bed. Sarkar, who was asleep on the first floor, was taken into custody.In the evening, Bidhannagar additional deputy commissioner Santosh Nimbalkar claimed credit for catching the \"thief\" so quickly. \"Though the CCTV footage wasn't very clear, the police did an excellent job in tracing the culprit and recovering the TV,\" he said.Police sources said Sarkar, who earned Rs 40,000 a month, was desperate to make more money because if his drug addiction. Earlier, he had been caught trying to steal cellphones from colleagues, say police.The most challenging part of detecting the thief was the footage that had too much glare from the bright lights, reflecting off the glass walls and the glazed floor in the lounge. \"We had to check six hours of footage of seven cameras. Another major problem was the footage had captured Sarkar from the rear,\" said a CISF officer.\"The camera at the entry gate looks away from the terminal to capture the faces of those who walk in. It is the opposite at the exit gate. But since airport staff has been using the entry gates to enter as well as exit, the camera did not capture Sarkar's face as he walked out with the trolley on Monday morning. Thereafter, it took his colleagues an hour and a half to identify the dark complexioned, tall man. Once Sarkar was identified, his presence could not be explained as his duty was due to start nearly an hour later,\" an airport official said.CISF has now decided to strictly enforce entry and exit of employees through the proper gates. An earlier attempt to enforce discipline had failed with the unionised staff creating a ruckus. \"We gave in to pressure then but will not allow it any longer. Had Sarkar left the terminal from the exit gate, his face would have been captured and the theft detected a lot earlier,\" a CISF officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15412954", "title": "Government assures striking doctors of good news within a week", "text": "BANGALORE: Chief minister Jagadish Shettar on Wednesday sought a week's time from striking doctors to resolve their grievances.After meeting doctors along with health minister Aravind Limbavali and medical education minister S A Ramdas, he said the Karnataka Government Medical Officers' Association (KGMOA) doctors would hear some good news by August 15.The doctors agreed to wait till August 14 and then decide if they'll go ahead with the resignation, said association president Dr H Ravindra.About 4,500 doctors attached to this association are on strike.The doctors, mostly from Tumkur, Chikkaballapur and other rural parts of Karnataka, demanded a rise in salaries as well as withdrawal of criminal charges against their colleagues. The doctors, attached to the health and family welfare department had on April 12, 2012 given one month's time to the government to meet their demands and threatened mass resignation if their demands were not met.Doctors working in government hospitals attached to the department in Tumkur and Chikkaballapur have been on strike for over a month. \"We're protesting against the government's decision to book our colleagues and levy criminal charges on them for demanding a rise in rural service allowance -- 52 doctors from Chikkaballapur and 101 from Tumkur were booked about 10 days ago,\" said Dr Chandramohan, association vice-president.Ddoctors want their basic salary to be hiked from Rs 10,000 to Rs 15,000 and their allowances merged with the basic salary. They are also demanding withdrawal of 10 district hospitals viz. Mandya, Shimoga, Hassan, Belgaum, Raichur, Bijapur, Kolar, Mangalore, Mysore and Bidar from medical colleges.Doctors' demands* Withdrawal of criminal charges* Wages as per 6th pay scale* Merging of allowances with basic salary* Withdrawal of 10 district hospitals from medical collages* 50% hike incentives* Basic infrastructure to government hospitals and in rural areas", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15412387", "title": "Let our 26/11 team quiz witnesses: Pak to India", "text": "NEW DELHI: Days after its court rejected Indian evidence in the 26/11 terror case, Pakistan has requested India to give its judicial commission a second chance \u2014 allowing it to cross-examine witnesses so that its report can be treated as evidence there.Islamabad in its communication to India has referred its trial court order and said that the evidence provided by New Delhi in the November, 2008, Mumbai terror attacks case was not admissible in a Pakistani court as defence lawyers were not allowed to cross-examine Indian witnesses.The Union home ministry, which received the request on Wednesday, will seek legal opinion before taking any final decision.There is, however, an indication that New Delhi will allow the judicial commission to visit India again and let it cross-examination the witnesses so that those who are in Pakistani jail, including Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) commander Zaki-ur-Rehman Lakhvi, Zarar Shah and others, for masterminding the Mumbai carnage can be prosecuted.Officials are, however, non-committal about the timing as to when India will take a decision. \"Let's wait for legal opinion\", said an official.During a hearing in July, the anti-terrorism court did not record the statement of two Pakistani investigators who were scheduled to testify about the evidence provided by India. The judge ruled that since the evidence gathered by the Pakistani judicial commission in India had not been made part of the case, the testimony regarding the Indian evidence too should not be recorded.Though the eight-member Pakistani panel, comprising defence lawyers and prosecutors, had pitched for cross-examining four witnesses when it visited Mumbai in March, Indian authorities refused permission saying this was not part of the agreement between the two nations.The visiting panel had recorded statements of the witnesses \u2014 additional chief metropolitan magistrate R V Sawant Waghule, investigating officer (IO) Ramesh Mahale and two doctors who conducted post-mortem of the victims and nine LeT terrorists killed during the Mumbai carnage.The Pakistani Commission had last month submitted its report to an anti-terrorist court trying seven Mumbai attack accused. But, the court rejected it on the ground of denial of cross-examination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15413842", "title": "SI\u2019s wife run over by train", "text": "CHENNAI: The 46-year-old wife of a CID (food cell) police sub-inspector died instantly after she was hit by a suburban train while crossing the tracks at Chetpet railway station on Wednesday morning.Ramani, who lived in the Kilpauk police quarters, was on her way to Chetpet to buy rations on Wednesday when the accident occurred. Government Railway Police personnel have sent the body to Government General Hospital for postmortem.Ramani was married to Selvaraj, a sub-inspector, and the couple had two children. Police identified Ramani by the ration card she was carrying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15412302", "title": "Vigil stepped up after acid attack threat, culprits untraced", "text": "RANCHI: The city police are yet to trace the culprits behind the poster scare on Tuesday. Spotted in three locations, the posters warned girls of acid attacks if seen sporting jeans and T-shirts.City SP, Vipul Shukla, said, \"I think the posters were put up by some miscreants who wanted to draw attention and spread panic. Since there's a bandh today, we are busy with our patrol to ensure peace.\"However, security has been beefed up at various places where girls usually hang out, or near colleges and coaching centres. \"Girls should not be scared. I have asked officers in charge of all police stations to step up their vigil,\" said Shukla.The SP received a number of phone calls yesterday from panic-stricken parents and young women. They wanted to know if the threats were serious and what protective measures the police had taken for their safety. \"Girls should have the freedom to wear what they want to. No one can dictate to them what they should wear. But they should definitely dress decently,\" he said.Assuring that the culprits would be traced and punished, Shukla said, \"I have given strict instructions to officers that anybody found creating any nuisance should be immediately caught. As and when we find the culprits, strict action will be taken against them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15413210", "title": "Mumbai take lead as batsmen dazzle", "text": "BANGALORE: Riding on tons from their top three, Swapnil Salvi 124 (160 balls, 19x4, 1x6), Kaustubh Pawar 164 (19x4, 3x6) and Hiken Shah 105 (13x4, 1x6), Mumbai took a massive 178-run lead over Rajasthan on day three of their four-day game of the Shafi Darashah tournament at Gangothri Glades ground, in Mysore, on Wednesday.Brief scores:At Gangothri Glades: Rajasthan CA Academy: 277 all out in 83.3 overs vs Mumbai CA : 445/6 in 125 overs (Swapnil Salvi 124, Kaustubha Pawar 164, Hiken Shah 105, Neelakant (batting) 19, Iqbal Abdulla (batting) 24; Deepak Chahar 2-91, Raman Chahar 4-52).At Alur: KSCA XI: 284 all out in 89.1 overs and 284/7 Decl. in 66.4 overs (R Samarth 86, KB Pawan 47, Ganesh Satish 68, Shishir Bhavani 25; Md. Nayeem Islam 5-38) vs Bangladesh CB: 214 all out in 68.5 overs (Md. Mithun 46; K Gowtham 6-74) and 17 No loss in 8 overs (Md. Imrul Kayes (batting) 16, Md. Shamsur Shuuvo (batting) 0.At BGS: KSCA Colts: 279/9 in 100.3 overs (Mayank Agarwal 91, Pawan Deshpande 46, Anirudh Joshi (batting) 35, Arjun Shetty (batting) 0, Pirdaush Bhaja 5-90, Murtuja Vohora 2-56) vs Baroda CA: (Day 3 match could not be played due rain and wet conditions).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15414220", "title": "Vendors\u2019 \u2018shady\u2019 game up", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Vegetable and fruit vendors will no longer be able to continue with their 'shady' games. The municipal corporation has decided to go tough on vendors who befool people by using coloured umbrellas to make vegetables and fruits look fresher at apni mandis.The decision has been taken by apni mandi and day market committee of MC as a part of the initiative to ensure fair play at the temporary markets held on weekly basis in different parts of the city. A host of new facilities will also be introduced for the benefit of buyers.\"The craftiness of vendors is based on a simple tactic: if the colour of a vegetable is green, then their umbrella, which works as a shed, is also green. And if he is selling tomatoes, then he goes for a big, red umbrella, which makes tomatoes look deep red. But now, those employing such practices will be challaned,\" said a member of the committee. \"It is a common practice not just at apni mandis, but also at the main vegetable market in Sector 26. MC should launch a crackdown there too,\" said Amrik Singh, a resident of Sector 46.The committee has also suggested that price boards be ensured in mandis. Chairman of the committee Desh Raj Gupta said, \"Recently a meeting of the panel members, who included MC officials too, was conducted. They have given some suggestions to make apni mandis more people-friendly. The vendors playing colour games will be penalized.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "15410658", "title": "'Fake' cops arrested for robbery", "text": "KORAPUT: Four youths, including an engineering student, were arrested for robbing a trader by posing as policemen in Koraput district.The four arrested on Tuesday night here were identified as Amit Kumar Mandal, a diploma engineering student, Purander Singh Khora, Siba Sankar Khora and Lalu Kuldeep.Police said the quartet wearing khaki uniform had waylaid the car of Narottam Lokesh on the pretext of routine checking near Kanimera in the Laxmipur police station area on Monday night.\"The four criminals identified themselves as policemen and started frisking the vehicle of Lokesh citing security reasons. However, while searching the vehicle, they found a few new mobile phones, which the trader had kept for sale, and decamped with them. They also looted some cash from the trader's car,\" said Laxmipur SDPO Y Jagannath Rao.\"Suspecting some foul play, the trader lodged a complaint at Laxmipur police station and the four were arrested after conducting raids. The four had committed similar crimes in the past also. The looted articles have also been recovered,\" the SDPO added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "15416151", "title": "United Sikhs begins 'I pledge against hate crime' campaign", "text": "AMRITSAR: Much before Sikh' apex body Shiromani Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee could act to help the Wisconsin Sikh temple tragedy victims or to initiate its efforts to establish the Sikh's unique identity , a Sikh NGO, United Sikhs has launched a 'I Pledge Against Hate Crime ' campaign to combat the violence that the community has been facing since 9/11.\"We urge people of all faiths across the globe to organize and participate in inter-faith vigils within their respective communities to remember and pray for the individuals and communities affected by this tragic event,\" said director, United Sikhs , Jatinder Singh.He said they had urged the people to join the campaign on a social website, facebook, add a 'I pledge against hate crime' logo on the same , organize vigils and also write a letter to President of USA.The NGO has also constituted a United Sikh emergency response team which was working with families to assist and overcome the tragedy. Adding that trauma counsellors would arrive on Thursday to help the Oak Creek community with post traumatic stress related effects from the event.He further informed that a group of volunteers were on their way to Wisconsin to work with the families of the victims and the Oak Creek community. Dr. Kiran Arora from Boston , Jasleen Kaur from University of Michigan and Harpreet Singh from Los Angeles would be joining the United Sikhs ground team at Wisconsin while Dr. Seema Kaur from California would be assisting the team off ground said Jatinder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15413617", "title": "Samson\u2019s return as Kalakshetra head set aside", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court on Wednesday set aside the Centre's decision to allow dancer Leela Samson to continue as director of Kalakshetra Foundation by accepting the 'withdrawal' of her earlier resignation.Justice S Nagamuthu, ruling on a petition filed by 16 employees of the foundation opposing her return as director, said: \"As per the common law principles, if a resignation is tendered by a director it takes effect from the moment it is tendered.\"Samson was first appointed director of Kalakshetra in February 2005. As she continued in the post even after turning 60 years of age in May 2011, a petition was filed in the high court stating that she had attained the age of superannuation. The matter is still pending in court.Meanwhile, on April 30 this year Samson submitted her resignation. It was accepted immediately and a director in-charge was appointed in her place. However, in a surprise move, Samson was allowed to continue as director of Kalakshetra on June 29 by the Centre, which said it \"accepted withdrawal of her resignation letter.\"The petition by Kalakshetra employees assailed the Centre's decision, saying there was no provision to withdraw a resignation and that she could not continue as director as it was not in accordance with Section 19 of the Kalakshetra Foundation Act. Last week, the court had restrained her from functioning as director.On Wednesday, concurring with the submissions of senior counsel K M Vijayan, Justice Nagamuthu said: \"Once the resignation of a director is tendered and received, there is no provision under the Kalakshetra Foundation Act which enables acceptance or withdrawal of the resignation.\"In its counter-affidavit, the Centre cited dancer Anita Ratnam's signature campaign among artistes for Samson's return to justify its decision to allow withdrawal of the resignation. More than 1,800 signatures had been obtained in support of Samson.However, Vijayan, besides questioning the relevance of the exercise, pointed out that since there was a gap of nearly two months between her resignation and 'return,' it cannot be said that she would 'continue' in the post after her resignation was withdrawn. He said the moment her resignation was accepted, the employer-employee relationship between Kalakshetra Foundation and Samson would cease to exist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15413642", "title": "Mother walks out on her baby a day after she\u2019s born", "text": "CHENNAI: In the Wednesday morning rush hour, a woman made an abortive attempt to abandon her one-day-old daughter in a suburban train hurtling towards Tambaram.The 36-year-old woman, Chitra (name changed), hid the tiny tot in a plastic carry bag and tried to furtively walk out on the girl after dumping the bag in the corner of the coach around 10pm. But her shifty body language didn't escape the roving eyes of an off-duty sub-inspector of the Railway Protection Force, S Sebastin, on the coach. He, along with other passengers, cornered her.When she couldn't hold up against the sharp grilling of a policeman, Chitra revealed she wanted to get rid of her child. The passengers were shocked to know that the packet hid a baby, which was snoozing unaware of the uproar around her. Chitra explained that she planned to dump the child because her in-laws didn't want a baby girl.Lakshmi Raguram, a medical officer with Human Rights Organisation, an NGO in the city, who was on the coach, checked the baby. Some of the commuters fed the baby milk after it cut short its sleep and let out a loud 'wouaaa'. Lakshmi told TOI that the child was in good health.The mother and the child were later taken to the head office of the NGO in Egmore, where it was confirmed, after a series of medical tests, that the child was hers.But the members of NGO learnt that the child was born out of wedlock and Chitra wanted to get rid of it. \"She told us that her husband deserted her a couple of years ago and that she was struggling to make a living,\" said Human Rights Organisation's women's wing administrative secretary A B Kalpana.In the evening, Chitra boarded a train back to her hometown, alone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15413117", "title": "Casino ships in Mandovi will not require DGS licence", "text": "PORVORIM: It will soon be easier for casino vessels to anchor in the Mandovi. The Goa Public Gambling (Amendment) Bill 2012 which was passed Wednesday says ships can do with a license from the Goa captain of ports. Earlier the vessels mandatorily required a license from the director general of shipping (DGS).The vessel, according to the bill, means any ship, boat registered with captain of ports, Goa under the Inland Vessels Act, 1917 or registered with the DGS.To a question from Curtorim MLA Aleixo Reginaldo Lourenco as to why registration from DGS is not required for their sea worthiness, chief minister Manohar Parrikar said if the vessel is in the sea, then permission from DGS is required but if the vessel is in the bay of river Mandovi, Indian Vessels Act, 1917 is applicable and as such it requires permission from captain of ports.Arguing his point, Parrikar said if registration from DGS is required for these boats, then why not to barges and other vessels in the river.The bill seeks to empower the state government to notify the gaming area to \"only tourists\" and restrict entry of youth under the age of 21 years in the gaming area. The bill seeks to create a gaming commissioner to regulate, administer and enforce the Goa Public Gambling Act, 1976.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "15416484", "title": "Apple now sued over FaceTime in China", "text": "BEIJING: Within weeks of settling a high-profile dispute over its iPad trademark, Apple now faces a lawsuit by a man in Taiwan over its FaceTime application which he claims is a violation of his patent. The plaintiff, identified as Lee, claims technology used in the video-calling application violates his patent.A spokesman for Zhenjiang Intermediate People's Court in China's Jiangsu province said it has taken the case on file. The case calls for Apple to cease the violation but does not specify compensation, Shen, a publicity official at the court was quoted by the China Daily. She said the plaintiff discovered violation after purchasing an iPhone in Zhenjiang, and decided to file the case with a local court.Apple has been notified of the case, Shen added. According to the indictment, Lee claims authorities on the mainland granted his utility model patent on \"voice network personal digital assistant\" technology on April 28, 2004, with a valid period of 10 years, Yangtze Evening News reported.The indictment said his patent includes a wireless communication module, a flash memory that stores codes of network voice service, as well as a personal digital assistant that connects the communication module and memory technologies very similar to those used by FaceTime. FaceTime, which was released by Apple in 2010, is available on the company's iPad, iPhone, iPod touch, iMac and MacBook. The case against Apple comes close on the heels of it settling a dispute over iPad for $60 million to a Taiwanese firm Proview Shenzhen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15414725", "title": "Kishore Kumar\u2019s voice lives on in Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: Legendary Kishore Kumar's melodious voice will become an immortal part of the Kingdom of Dreams' theatrical composition of Jhumroo -the biggest crowd-puller in KoD. The song was recorded in 1987 for an incomplete bollywood flick, \" Khel Tamasha\", in a Mumbai studio three days before the death of Kishore Kumar. The KoD won the exclusive rights of the song in a recently held auction in Delhi at a whopping price of Rs 12 lakh.\"For over 25 years the song had been unheard and was with the producer of the movie. When we came to know about the auction of the song in Delhi, we formed a team and participated in the auction,\" said Viraf Sarkari, director, KoD.The song was penned by Kulwant Jani and composed by renowned music director Usha Khanna on October 10, 1987. Sarkari, himself an ardent Kishore Kumar fan, did not waste any time and rushed to the auction venue in Delhi.Numerous fans of Kishore Kumar too had flooded the hotel where the auction was happening. \"There were several people who were keen to buy the rights of the song but our bids were highest and we won the exclusive rights of the song. We now plan to repackage it incorporate in Jhumroo,\" said Sarkari.Disclosing his plans for the song, Sarkari said: \"The song will be remixed with contemporary instruments before being used in the show. There will be no deviation from the basic tune of the song.\" For its ambitious project of repackaging the song, KoD is now looking for big Bollywood music director. \"The plan is to rope in one of the top three music directors of Bollywood for the repackaging of the song. The project will be finalized in a couple of months and the song will be launched in our show,\" said Sarkari.For the launch KoD is also planning to make and sell CDs of the song in the market.\"Internationally there is a trend of single-song CDs hitting market. In the CD, we have planned to keep both the original and repackaged version of the song,\" said Sarkari. The project is likely to be completed in three months and the grand launch of the song will take place at KoD in Gurgaon. \"Bringing his unrecorded song to his millions of fans worldwide is going to be the most befitting tribute to our beloved singer. The song will be played for the first time in Jhumroo after the launch,\" said Sarkari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "gill road", "code": "15414490", "title": "Prayers for peace at Gill Chowk mosque", "text": "GILL ROAD: A spiritual aura spread around the mosque at Gill Chowk as over hundred people prayed for the humanity during iftaar at the mosque on Wednesday evening.Muhammad Altaf, a transporter from Dashmesh Nagar who was among the organizers of iftaar, said, \"We formed a group, including my friends Muhammad Saleem, Muhammad Ilyas, Muhammad Mursaleen, Muhammad Yaseen and Abdul Manan, to organize this iftaar. The attendees included prominent citizens of the city, who broke their fast with dates, fruits and homemade 'pakodas'. The iftaar was followed by evening prayers and dinner, which included chicken 'korma' and 'tandoori roti' on the platter, said Altaf. After the dinner, the guests prayed yet again for peace and tranquillity.Dr Mehfooz Khan, a resident of Dharampura, said, \"It was wonderful to attend the iftaar at Gill Road mosque as we offered prayers and relished the food together. I liked the 'pakodas' and chicken 'korma' in particular.\" Khan said organizing iftaar like this at a mosque would earn the organizers Allah's blessings.Businessman Zakir Khan from Janta Nagar said this iftaar was among the series of functions organized at mosques across Ludhiana to celebrate the completion of half of Ramzan month. \"These iftaar parties bring hundreds of people together to pray for peace in the world. The food too, tastes better when had in company of others,\" he added. \"Besides the food at iftaar, it is the practice of praying in a mass is what I like, said Mayapuri resident and businessman Abdul Qayoom.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "15410953", "title": "Two contract killers nabbed: Pol murder case", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: In a major breakthrough into the sensational murder of NCP leader Tirupati Pol, the local crime branch (LCB) nabbed two contract killers in separate raids at Wardha and Nagpur on Tuesday evening. With this, the number of accused arrested in the case so far has reached 16. Two more contract killers are still at large.Tirupati Pol was murdered in broad day light on June 28 in Ghugus over rivalry in coal trade. His business rival Haji Sarwar Sheikh hatched a plot and hired contract killers from Nagpur to execute the crime.Faced with a challenge, police and LCB, who are working jointly on the case, started rounding up one accused after another. One of the accused and Haji's brother, Sameer Sheikh, who was arrested earlier provided details about other killers. Based on this, police informers were altered about the contract killers. \"We got a tip-off about Mahesh Patil (24) being present in Wardha. Accordingly, we alerted our Wardha counterparts and Patil was arrested in a raid at his hideout on Tuesday evening. During interrogation, Patil gave details about the other contract killers. Subsequently, another contract killer Rakesh Gadekar, 26, was arrested in a raid at Sadar area of Nagpur,\" said PI Ankush Pipre.Pipre claimed that both the accused belong to Waregaon under the jurisdiction of Khaparkeda police station in Nagpur. \"Gadekar is the leader of the four contract killers. The killers claimed they split after the crime and went to separate hideouts. Two more contract killers are still at large,\" said Pipre. The accused duo was produced before the court on Wednesday evening and sent to police custody remand up till August 13, he added.Pseudo accused show upIn a bid to throw investigators off track, mastermind of Pol murder case, Haji Sarwar Sheikh, had used decoys. Four people had surrendered before Chandrapur police on the following day (June 29) of the murder. Investigations later revealed that they were paid Rs8000 for making false confessions before the police. \"It was an attempt to mislead investigators. We, however, soon learnt that they were decoys,\" said SP Rajiv Jain.Charges under MCOCA?SP Rajiv Jain said they are studying different aspects of the case to slap MCOCA on some of the accused. A proposal in this regard will be forwarded to IGP, he added.16 arrests so farThe involvement of local crime branch team investigating has helped in nabbing 16 accused so far. It was roped in by SP Rajiv Jain after sluggishness on part of Ghugus police. The arrested accused include, Haji Sheikh, Sarwar Sheikh, Sameer Sheikh, Manoj Kankam, Naresh Kankapure, Avinash Ghumde, Yogesh Mangate, Pravin Divte, Kishor Pandit, Datta Kalyankar, Sheikh Shabbir, Sheikh Afsar, Abrar Sheikh, Gulam Gaus, Mahesh Patil and Rakesh Gadekar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15416812", "title": "Sunny Leone enjoys at The HHI", "text": "Sunny Leone was in town to promote her Bolly debut \"Jism 2\". The 31-year-old adult entertainer, dressed in a green-and-black number, was accompanied by hunks Dino Morea and her doting husband Daniel, who we assume, is a tattoo freak.We loved the bird perched on his neck! At The HHI on Tuesday, Sunny revealed her foodie side as she hogged on chicken and veg burgers and jumbo prawns. She washed it down with a soft drink, three cups of cappuccino and some wine. Dino, on the other hand, savoured Bengali delicacies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15411659", "title": "3 more held in Rs1 cr theft case", "text": "NAGPUR: Pachpaoli police have taken three more persons, including Ratnakar Bangre, into custody for their role in the Rs 1 crore jewellery theft committed last week. The numbers of arrests has now risen to four. Main accused Dattaraj, younger brother of Ratnakar, is yet to be nabbed.Police have made substantial progress in the case after netting three more persons and recovering stolen valuables. Earlier, police had nabbed Yogesh Asre and recovered 12 tola of gold. He was riding pillion on Asre's bike that Dattaraj had decamped on with valuables from the shop near Chambharnala where he had worked for six months. Images of CCTV footage had shown Dattaraj and Asre in the act.It was Asre who fell into the police net first. Police failed to nab Abhi by a whisker despite reaching his place at Kalamna where substantial stolen booty was learnt to have been concealed. A trap was laid for Abhi where he walked into police net along with another friend and accomplice Jeetu. Police are yet to reveal the names of the arrested persons and other information about the recoveries made so far in detail.Woman chases robbersA courageous woman ensured that she gave robbers some anxious moments by chasing them for nearly one-kilometer on her two-wheeler on Wednesday.Though Archana Deshpande was on her scooter, it did not dampen her spirit. She kept following her chain snatchers. But the robbers sped away on the bike with her chain worth Rs70,000.Archana was heading towards Mahal from her Trimurti Nagar residence when two bike-borne youths came close to her and snatched the gold chain near Chuna Bhatti. The brave woman immediately started following the bikers but it was speed that she got defeated. An offence was registered against unidentified robbers at Ajni police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15413653", "title": "Breastfeeding Week ends", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The weeklong programmes to mark the World Breastfeeding Week concluded on Wednesday with a sensitisation meeting with lactation and expecting mothers at different Anganwadi centres and girls colleges. Senior medical officer, community health, Dr SAM Meesum and Dr Nurus Hasan of District woman Hospital delivered lectures on breastfeeding at Hamidia Girls Inter College, Pattar Gali, Allahabad.Deputy CMO Dr Vivek Srivastava said mothers were apprised about the global and national recommendations for infant and young child feeding during the weeklong programmes. He added that mothers were also told the right methods of breastfeeding. During the week programmes, doctors dispelled the myths related to breastfeeding.Doctors have advised women to initiate breastfeeding within one hour of baby's birth and avoid giving pre-lacteal feeds. They also pointed out that there is no need of bottles, artificial teats or pacifier and breastfeeding should be on demand at least 8-10 times a day and at night too. Also, breastfeeding should be in a correct position and there is need to build mother's confidence to sustain good milk supply and alleviate feeling of not enough milk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "15410820", "title": "Students held for ATM theft bid", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Six Plus II students were arrested on Wednesday for allegedly trying to rob four ATMs in the town on three consecutive nights. Police said the all the accused were below 18 years and were studying at a private residential college here.Police said the six accused had tried to steal money from two ATMs of State Bank of India (SBI), one each of the Dena Bank and ICICI Bank at different locations in Berhampur from August 4 to 6. They had damaged the cash counters after failing in their loot bid.\"Police had constituted a special team to catch the persons responsible for damaging the ATMs. With the help of footage from video cameras, the team was successful in nabbing the miscreants within two days,\" said SP (Berhampur) Prateek Mohanty. \"Since the accused are below 18 years, we produced them before the chairman of the juvenile justice board,\" the SP added.Explaining the teens' modus operandi, Mohanty said they used to come out of their hostel by jumping from an open window after everyone, including the security guard, retired for the night. They, however, did not use any motorbike to reach the crime sites, he said.Police said the accused teens have no criminal records and also ruled out the hand of any criminal gang in instigating them to commit such a major crime. \"We didn't find any such evidence during our interrogation. Their main intention was probably to gain a huge sum of money quickly,\" the SP said.The accused hailed from different places in the state including Aska and Bhanjanagar in Ganjam district, Koraput and Rayagada.Police said they would look into the security aspects of hostels of the town's colleges after this incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15413548", "title": "Investors fell for promise of high, regular returns", "text": "COIMBATORE: It was a golden goose that brought windfall for thousands of people who were looking to reap rich dividends with modest investments. But the math simply didn't add up and emu farming stopped giving returns leaving investors in the lurch.An emu farmer with just one unit (six chicks) was promised that he could more than double his investment of Rs 1.5 lakh in two years or get 130.6% returns to be precise. He could also earn a monthly income of Rs 6,000, a yearly bonus of Rs 20,000 and, to top it, get back his investment in two years.Now compare this with the other investment options. Gold gave nearly 28% returns while the best performing equity mutual fund gained 51% during the period. A bank fixed deposit (FD) gave around 9% a year in pre-tax returns. The only investment that could have matched the emu in returns was in real estate in a hot destination. Even that would not have offered the regular monthly income that the emu farming schemes offered. Known as naalu vaddi (4% monthly return on investment) in local parlance, the regular inflows made people flock to firms offering emu farming.\"We need a lot of money to invest in real estate and gold, which many are not in a position to do. Since emu farming schemes offered a regular income, people competed with each other to invest,\" says R Arumugam of Negamam area near Pollachi. He invested nearly Rs 6 lakh in emu farming and has got back only about half of the money. \"It's a result of greed,\" he rues. \"We wanted regular income. Since emu farming offered income on a monthly basis, we decided to take it up,\" says P Subramani, a resident of Omalur near Salem, who invested nearly Rs 10 lakh in emu schemes.Since a few companies who got into emu farming schemes early made payouts on a regular basis for more than five years, gullible investors believed that this was a sustainable investment model. That many early birds got their entire amount back with hefty returns only added to the lure of the schemes.People in rural areas, especially senior citizens, who had Rs 1 lakh to 2 lakh that would have otherwise been invested in bank FDs, went for emu schemes to get a regular income. \"They don't know much about other investment options. All they wanted is a regular monthly income, which emu offered,\" says S Kumaravel of Dharapuram, whose relatives have invested in emu schemes. \"Real estate and gold won't give us regular income. Emu schemes created confidence by offering monthly returns over a fairly long period,\" says P Jayakanthan of Cumbum, who has invested Rs 6 lakh in two schemes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15412461", "title": "Hostels abuzz with activities ahead of students' elections", "text": "JAIPUR: Various hostels affiliated to the Rajasthan University are witnessing frenzied activity ahead of the students' union polls on August 18.Candidates along with their supporters are busy visiting hostels and gifting sweets and other goodies to students in a bid to garner support.The RU hostels-girls and boys-are turning into activity hotbeds for candidates who are able to get better access to students.\"In case of hostels, we are at least sure that most of the occupants will come out to vote,\" said Vidhyadhar Meel, a potential NSUI candidate. RU has six hostels each for boys and girls with a total strength of 1400 students.Besides goodies, potential candidates are wooing students with promises of introducing gym and cycling zones and providing WiFi facilities to hostellers.A few male candidates, however, said girls have an edge as they have better access to girls' hostels and therefore, can canvass in a better manner.The victory of several female candidates for top posts over the past few years has encouraged more girls to enter the fray. Some are banking on support from Maharani's College and the girls' hostels, said Shefali Meena, another potential candidate from NSUI.Boys' hostels too are abuzz with activities with frequent late-night parties being organized. All stops have been pulled out as aspiring candidates are shelling out huge amounts of money too ensure rise in popularity.Hostel guards admitted that the movement of SUVs around the campus has increased manifold in the past one week.The hostels of the constituent colleges like that of Maharani's College are witnessing activities in the run up to the elections. \"Every day one or the other candidate visits the hostel asking for votes,\" said said Sheena Meena, who is staying in the Annie Besant hostel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15412292", "title": "Fishing in neighbour's waters remains a knotty problem for India, Lanka", "text": "NEW DELHI: On Wednesday, 11 Sri Lankan fishermen returned home after being detained for over three months in India. They had been picked up from near Andhra Pradesh by the Indian Coast Guard in May. Last week, Sri Lanka released 23 Indian fishermen after detaining them for fishing in Lankan waters. In both cases, passions run high, the two foreign ministries get involved and it's becoming a messy affair between the two neighbours.In recent months, Sri Lankan Tamil fishermen have protested in front of the Indian consulate in Jaffna, complaining that Indian fishermen are stealing their livelihoods. In Tamil Nadu, fishermen complain that Sri Lankan navy, in its aggressive patrolling of the waters, has taken to shooting at them. For the first time, Indian Tamils are up against people they considered their own across the Palk Straits.It's becoming a tough nut to crack for both governments. \"It's a humane and livelihood issue for both countries,\" said Prasad Kariyawasam, Sri Lanka's high commissioner to India. At its simplest, the conflict is about Indian fishermen looking for prawns on the Lankan side and crossing over the maritime boundary where they are caught. Lankan fishermen too stray into Indian waters in search of tuna, and in the current case, were caught off the Andhra coast.Government sources said they had tried to bring together fishermen's associations from both countries at Rameshwaram, Tamil Nadu. But there is still no meeting ground between the two sides. Every time Indian fishermen get caught, the central government is put on the mat by the Tamil Nadu government, which ends up in the MEA demarching the Sri Lankan authorities. One of the ways out could be to train Indian fishermen to take up deep sea fishing, rather than stay in the shallow waters of Palk Straits. But this is still just an idea.In Tamil Nadu, the fishermen issue is seen as part of the larger Tamil-Sinhala antipathy. But government officials acknowledge privately that India needs to be more respecting of international boundaries. On the other side, Lankan forces allegedly regularly harass Indian fishermen who cross over, which adds to the discontent in Tamil Nadu.At the heart of the trouble is a tiny island called Katchaitivu, which was ceded to Sri Lanka in 1974 when India and Sri Lanka demarcated their international maritime boundary line (IMBL). Sri Lankans say they gave an island called Wedgebank to India in exchange. However, Indian fishermen continue to be caught fishing off Kachaitivu on the explanation that it's a \"traditional\" fishing ground. But this is running afoul of not only Sri Lankan fishermen but its navy. \"Crossing the IMBL cannot be condoned on the basis of any other consideration,\" Lankan officials said.The Indian fishing industry is increasingly mechanized but Indian fishermen use bottom trawlers as well as nylon nets, which are frowned upon everywhere in the world, because these fishing practices are ruinous for the ecosystems and the sea bed. The Lankans are protesting against these practices and the difficulties are compounded by the fact that in northern Sri Lanka, it is the Tamils who have gone back to fishing after over a quarter century. They are at the forefront of the protests against India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15413739", "title": "Mitt Romney confuses Sikh with 'sheik'", "text": "WASHINGTON: Republican presidential hopeful Mitt Romney mourned the Wisconsin gurdwara tragedy at a fundraiser in Iowa, but referred to a 'sheik temple' instead of a 'Sikh temple' while offering his condolences.Confusing the Arabic honorific with the term Sikh, Romney mispronounced it and was found talking about 'sheik' people. Earlier in the day, the Republican spoke correctly of the Sikh religion when he observed a moment of silence at a campaign event in Illinois. But the slip of tongue came at the West Des Moines fundraiser in Iowa. \"We had a moment of silence in honour of the people who lost their lives at that sheik temple. I noted that it was a tragedy for many, many reasons,\" he said referring to his discourse in Chicago .He went on: \"Among them are the fact that people, the sheik people, are among the most peaceable and loving individuals you can imagine, as is their faith.\" Romney's spokesman, Rick Gorka insisted that the mix-up was a mispronunciation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15414254", "title": "That soft drink you guzzle could be spurious", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A day after an illegal factory manufacturing adulterated soft drinks and beer was unearthed in Chandigarh, the UT police busted a gang making spurious soft drinks on Wednesday.The police said, \"The accused prepared fake soft drinks in a Punjab factory and sold these to shops and vendors in the city. One person has been arrested.\"\"On a tip-off, police control room's special technical operation cell had set up a check post at Faida barrier near Sector 47. A pick-up van was intercepted and 26 boxes of spurious soft drinks were recovered from it,\" said deputy superintendent of police Roshan Lal.\"The cold drinks were brought to Chandigarh for supply. A big gang has been running the illegal business for the last many months. Raids are being conducted to nab its other members,\" he added.Food and supply inspector Sukhwinder Singh of Chandigarh health department collected the samples.On Tuesday, a factory illegally manufacturing soft drinks and beer was unearthed in Industrial Area, Phase I, Chandigarh. It was selling its beer under an Australian brand name in different parts of Punjab, Haryana and Himachal Pradesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15412764", "title": "Nashik Municipal Corporation to solicit sponsors for garden care", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) has uploaded on its website a list of 429 gardens in the city and in a few days would be appealing to people ansd private sponsors to take up maintenance of the city's gardens.The civic body has decided to outsource garden maintenance owing to shortage of funds and manpower within the corporation.The first step towards this has been initiated with the list being uploaded online.\"In a few days we will appeal to people that they take up a garden of their choice for maintenance. We are looking at private entities such as industries, entrepreneurs, institutes, builders and developers, and financial institutions such as banks to take the initiative in planting saplings for trees and for the maintainenace of the public gardens across the city,\" said UB Pawar, executive engineer of the NMC's sewerage department, who is also temporarily in charge of the civic body's gardens department.The gardens department has a target of planting 60,000 trees this year, out of which they are expecting to have 30,000 planted by sponsors while the remainder will be undertaken by the NMC.The sponsors will also be responsible for the growth of the saplings until they finally grow into trees.The NMC will, in return, provide the sponsor with visibility in a public space, by way of having the sponsor's name mentioned on the tree guards.\"The gardens that are not taken up by the private entities will continue to be maintained by the NMC,\" Pawar added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "bhandra", "code": "15410990", "title": "Nationalized banks flout govt order on crop loans", "text": "BHANDRA: Despite government orders, the nationalized banks operating in the district continue to exploit farmers by charging and recovering interest from farmers on the crop loan of Rs1 lakh. The District Central Cooperative Bank is however following the order and giving 0% interest loans.From 2011-2012, the central government had announced the ambitious scheme of giving crop loan to farmers up to Rs1 lakh on the condition that it is repaid in 12 months. The span of 12 months is calculated from the actual disbursement of loan or from April 1 to March 31. As per the scheme, though farmers are not charged, 7% interest is paid to the respective bank by the central government through NABARD, state government and Dr Panjabrao Deshmukh Interest Subsidy Scheme. Of the 7%, the central and state governments pay 2% each while 3% are given through Dr Panjabrao Deshmukh scheme. Banks have to submit claims of interest through district deputy registrar (Cooperative societies) to NABARD and the state government, After finalization of claims, the total amount of interest is deposited in banks. But nationalized banks are ignoring these directives.There is another issue of exploitation of farmers by nationalized banks. If a farmer takes gold loan besides crop loan and pays gold loan amount, the nationalized banks do not return the mortgaged ornaments. This is perhaps done to force farmers to pay crop loan money, sources said. The nationalized banks charge 7% interest on crop loan, telling the borrowers that it would be deposited in their account once the government pays them. This is in gross violation of government orders.The same scheme is implemented by Bhandara District Central Cooperative Bank but it does not charge or recover a single rupee from farmers. It submitted claims of Rs6 crore with government for previous year, but did not receive the claims till now. As a result, it is incurring a loss of Rs6 crore and interest thereon, sources said.Vice-chairman of BDCC Sadashiv Walthare said exploitation of farmers would be stopped by taking up the matter with higher ups.NABARD district development manager Arvind Khaparde said it was true that nationalized banks were charging and recovering 7% interest on crop loan. They charge it due to software and have to recover from farmers, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "15411018", "title": "Encroachment on tank canal removed", "text": "GONDIA: A major threat to the areas surrounding Suryatola tank was averted with the officials of Gondia Municipal Council removing encroachments on the exit canal on Tuesday.Suryatola tank, situated on the outskirts, normally does not overflow and hence its exit canal was not in use. Some elements took undue advantage of the situation and encroached it from either side. However, due to continuous rains here since July 27, the tank was filled to its capacity and water was flowing from all sides, posing a threat to the houses nearby. As water started entering houses on August 6, the residents complained to the municipal council and sub-divisional officer Anant Walaskar.A squad of led by chief executive officer Sumant More, PI Shelke and councillor Pankaj Yadav reached the spot and removed encroachments with the help of a JCB machine, facilitating the release of excess water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15417618", "title": "Third-party outsourcing to get tougher for banks", "text": "CHENNAI: With global operations of most major financial firms under the scanner post the Standard Chartered case, IT industry observers in India are of the view that captives will continue to be the dominant form of operation for these firms in India.\"It is unlikely that banks operating in India would outsource their operations to third parties in the current environment. In the present regulatory environment under which these institutions are operating, they would pretty much like to keep operations under their control. Most of these banks have water tight SLAs (service level agreements) with their clients and they would not like that to get compromised at any level at this juncture,\" said a senior executive with a financial advisory services firm in India.The US Senate's Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations also recently pointed out major lapses in the work of HSBC's Indian staff.\"Most investment banks still do most of their work in captives. They hardly use third parties,\" said Nikhil Rajpal, partner at Ernst &amp; Young, a consultancy firm. On the retail banking side, most firms have gone for a mix of captives and outsourcing to third-party players like TCS, Cognizant, Infosys and HCL Tech.Only few major financial firms like Standard Chartered, HSBC and Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) run a pure captive model. A captive unit is an offshore arm functioning on its own but which is fully owned by the parent firm and shares close ties with it.During 2008-09, there was consolidation in the bank back office business in the country with Cognizant snapping up UBS' India back office captive for $75 million along with a five-year outsourcing contract worth up to $442 million. Similarly, in October 2008, TCS bought Citigroup's Indian back office operations for $505 million.Rajpal said that most financial firms sold their captives because it made good financial sense rather than for regulatory or efficiency reasons. \"During that time, financial institutions were on the lookout for opportunistic exits as they wanted to get out of non-core areas. Valuations were also good at that point of time,\" said Venkat Subramanyam, founder and director of Veda Corporate Advisors, an investment bank.Industry consultants said companies have to face challenges in the current context and outsourcing would only compound matters. The buck stops with the bank as they have been issued licences by the regulatory authorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15414943", "title": "Ambedkar\u2019s statue desecrated", "text": "KANPUR: Tension gripped Afsariya ki Madaiyya village in Satti police area of Kanpur Dehat district after a mob protested when Bhimrao Ambedkar's statue was found to be desecrated on Wednesday morning.After coming across, the incident, district authorities along with senior police officials rushed to the spot and pacified the agitated mob. The police and PAC personnel are camping in the area to prevent any untoward incident, informed a senior district authority.It all started, in the early hours of Wednesday, when members of Dalit community had gathered at Ambedkar's statue at Afsariya Ki Madaiyya village in large numbers after coming across the arm missing from the statue of Bhimrao Ambedkar. The word spread that some miscreants had vandalised Ambedkar's statue in Afsariya ki Madaiyya village.SDM Sikandara Mahendra Kumar also rushed to the spot and assured to take prompt action. Later, he said that the broken part of Bhimrao Ambedkar's statue would be restored soon.3 arrested: The police have arrested three persons in connection with an incident, where a young woman, aged around 30, was found lying unconscious in a van under mysterious circumstances near Fattepur village in Maharajpur police area on July 20 last.The accused have been identified as Manish, Sandeep and Ravi, all residents of the city.The woman Renu wife of Tarun Mishra, a resident of Triveni nagar Rail Bazar area and a teacher by profession had deep injury marks on her body including neck, when she was spotted by locals of Fattepur. She was severely attacked with a sharp-edged weapon. Her hands were tied with a 'dupatta' and a kitchen knife was also recovered from the four-wheeler. She has been undergoing treatment at a city hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15412368", "title": "March 2013 date for state crime record network", "text": "KOLKATA: Bengal has finally decided to have a centralized network to track crime and criminals, a system that was conceived six months before 26/11 by then home minister P Chidambaram. The state has a target completion date of March 2013 for the Crime and Criminal Tracking Network System (CCTNS).In the first phase, all departments in the Lalbazar police headquarters will be connected. Chief minister Mamata Banerjee will inaugurate the first phase in November this year. Later, the same will happen with the DG control at Writers' Buildings and the ESD office, the Bidhannagar commissionerate, the ESD headquarters and the police stations in its jurisdiction. Finally, the Purulia SP office will go online along with the thanas.The Rs 2,000-crore centrally-funded project was approved by the Planning Commission in the 11th Five-Year Plan (2007-2012). It covers all 28 states and Union Territories with their 14,000 police stations and 6,000 supervisory offices, including the district headquarters, range offices, commissionerates and state headquarters. Once the system is implemented, all information regarding fingerprints, unidentified bodies, missing persons, stolen vehicles or stolen arms will just be a click away.The state IT department - the nodal agency for linking the 437 police stations under Bengal Police and around 80 under Kolkata Police with their headquarters - is outsourcing the work (software and applications) to software giant Wipro. Bengal Police's computer cell and the State Crime Records Bureau (SCRB) are executing the project and BSNL has been given the connectivity job. The main server has just been installed at the State Data Centre in Salt Lake's Sector V.The CCTNS would allow real-time sharing of information between police stations all over the country, thus arming the country's law-enforcing agencies with a tool their counterparts in many countries take for granted. In a December 2009 speech, Chidambaram had famously said that India's police station were \"virtually unconnected islands with no record of crimes or criminals that can be assessed by a station house officer, except the manual records relating to that police station\".Four years on, the situation doesn't seem to have changed even though police forces across the country have bought computers and allocated rooms for CCTNS units. But neither the software nor the infrastructure needed to power the system is anywhere near ready. Bengal, unfortunately, has been no exception.But the chief minister, who is bent on pushing centrally funded projects since the state has a severe Plan funds crunch, doesn't want to miss the bus. According to Planning Commission stipulation, MHA can only fund CCTNS till 2012. Hence the hurry to complete the project within the current fiscal.The Bengal government has trained some personnel on how to use CCTNS, but the courses consisted of elementary instruction in data entry using word processors and spread sheets. The crucial part of the training - putting the system in place - begins only now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15414718", "title": "Krishna Janmashtami: Gurgaon decked out to mark the occasion", "text": "GURGAON: With just two days to go for Janmashtami \u2014 the auspicious day when Hindus across the world celebrate the birth of Lord Krishna \u2014 preparations are in full swing in temples across Gurgaon. The Iskcon temple committee is also all set to celebrate the birth of the Lord and this time, a grand event will be held at HUDA gymkhana club grounds on Friday, starting 6.30 pm, to mark the occasion. The preparations of the six hours long spectacular event have begun with various people taking part.This is the fourth time that the Iskcon is organizing Janmashtami celebrations in the city.Talking about the preparations, the committee members said that they plan to keep it simple in comparison to last year. Unlike last year when they had the Brindavan theme, this year it is all about accommodating as many people as possible, something which posed a problem last year for the Iskcon members. However, the celebrations would not be without glamour this year as well. Iskon is roping in huge, decorated gates and beautiful lights from Chandannagar near Kolkata, which will add to the glamour and grandeur of the event.This year, the committee expects a crowd of around 50,000. In addition to the decorations, Iskon is also ensuring that basic facilities such as parking, water, sitting arrangements etc are in place.Also, \"to make this birthday of Lord Krishna memorable, we will give 11 poor widows few gifts which will include clothes and some items of worship. This is being done to make the widows feel happy about themselves and their lives,\" said Guru Rasamrit Das of Iskon.The committee also divulged its plans of building another Krishna temple in Gurgaon and said it will take around two years for completion. Guru Sarvapalak Das, centre in charge said, \"The work will begin on October 10 on the 750 square metre area in Sector 45 in Gurgaon. So far, we have estimated that the cost incurred will be somewhere around Rs 6 crores.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15413537", "title": "Operators keen to modify school vans to make them safer", "text": "CHENNAI: Private van operators transporting school children have decided to come up with a model school van that would meet safety standards and also be economically feasible. Tamil Nadu School Van Drivers' Association members said they hit upon the plan after they met the transport commissioner on Tuesday and discussed the crackdown on school vans.\"The vehicle permit allows us to seat only 12, whereas at least 20 can be safely accommodated,\" said association president Vairasekhar. He said a maxicab would be modified to seat 20 children. It would be painted yellow, have seat belts and include facilities that allow the seat height to be lowered for nursery and primary children to reach the floor while seated.\"A model van will be ready by Thursday and we will take video clippings to the commissioner to consider,\" Vairasekhar said. The modifications will be according to the regulations governing school buses. Now there are no rules for private vehicles carrying schoolchildren. The effort is to customize school bus rules to extend to private vehicles. Private van operators want the tax subsidy allowed for school buses. This will mean a reduction of taxes from Rs 12,000 to Rs 2,500 a year.A few, however, stayed off the roads on Wednesday. Raja Sekar, whose children study in Velammal Vidyalaya, was informed on Tuesday night that the children's van would not ply on Wednesday too. \"This morning the nursery section was celebrating Krishna Jayanthi, so entire families had turned up to watch the children taking part. There was a larger crowd than usual, and it took me nearly 30 minutes to just get out of the street after dropping my children. I landed at work late,\" Raja Sekar said.Kaligi Ranganathan, CEO, Montfort Group of Schools, R J Bhuvanesh said that in the US the model of school buses was standard across the country. \"The entire bus is of steel and officials there told us it was tested for impact several times over the years. I feel such a standardization should be brought in India too, so there's no need for officials to waste time checking each vehicle,\" Bhuvanesh said.On Tuesday around 7,000 privately owned school vans stayed off the roads. The crackdown on vehicles flouting the safety norms continued as usual.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15413572", "title": "Noida Authority okays Ponty Chadha's infrastructure project", "text": "LUCKNOW: In an indication of the warming ties between the Samajwadi Party government and liquor baron Gurdeep Singh Chadha alias Ponty, the Noida Authority on Wednesday cleared the master plan for Chadha's 152-acre Wave City Centre. Launched by Wave Infratech, Chadha's real estate company, during the Mayawati regime, the project had been hanging in balance since the Samajwadi government was sworn into power.Believed to a close to former chief minister Mayawati, Chadha, however, appears to have mended fences with the present government as well.With Wednesday's approval, Wave Infratech will now invest Rs 10,000 crore in developing Phase I by 2016.Last year, Chadha's Wave Infratech acquired the land for about Rs 6,500 crore after outbidding Amrapali and The 3C Company. Chadha had hit headlines as a result of a series of income tax raids on his company premises last year. A report filed by CAG has also suggested Chadha had been \"unduly favoured'' by Mayawati. After winning the assembly elections in March, the SP had said they will review projects cleared by the previous government, especially land deals that were concluded in favour of Mayawati's close aides.The matter, it appears, has now been settled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15411349", "title": "Anita Advani not Rajesh Khanna \u2019s lover: Family", "text": "MUMBAI: Three weeks after superstar Rajesh Khanna died , his family has denied Anita Advani's claims that she was his long-time live-in partner and lover.A four-page reply sent through advocate Bheru Choudhary, lawyer for daughter Twinkle , said Advani has no legal right to make any claim on the actor's property. Advani had, through her lawyer Mridula Kadam, sent a legal notice to the actor a day before his death on July 18.Choudhary and Kadam declined to comment.Advani had earlier said she was related to the family of a former Philippines president and had tried her luck in Bollywood as a producer. The 50-year-old had claimed to be at the actor's side when he needed someone the most. She had staked her right under the Domestic Violence Act against being thrown out of his house on Carter Road, Bandra (W). Advani said she felt humiliated by the reaction of the actor's family towards her during his funeral procession.The reply to Advani's legal notice denies that she is entitled to any legal rights as she is not recognized by the family as part of the actor's life.Khanna was never divorced from Dimple Kapadia till his death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15412424", "title": "Govt to buy Strand Road warehouses", "text": "KOLKATA: The state government intends to purchase the old warehouses on Strand Road from the Kolkata Port Trust (KoPT) and use the land for the ongoing riverfront beautification project. Part of the property may also be used to create infrastructure such as a fire station for the wholesale markets of Burrabazar and Posta. The KoPT has no objections and has already sought clearance from the ministry of shipping to dispose of the property to meet its pension demands.\"The state government has also taken up the matter with the ministry of shipping. The ministry has asked for a formal proposal from the state government. The proposal will be sent once the chief secretary returns from Jangalmahal. The land will be required for the riverfront beautification project. There are also some other plans for the property,\" said a source at Writers' Buildings.Earlier this year, KoPT had identified the warehouses and some other property on Diamond Harbour Road for auction. Through this process, the port facility wants to raise a major chunk of the Rs 2,800 crore that will be required to create a corpus for pensioners. KoPT has a large number of pensioners as well as nearly 8,000 employees who will also have to be paid pensions in the future.\"The government had approached KoPT for the property but a decision can only be taken by the ministry of shipping. KoPT also wants to get rid of the property as the warehouses can't be put to use due to encroachments. However, it doesn't want to give up the property for nothing as happened with the land on which the Millennium Park came up,\" said a source in KoPT.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15411527", "title": "High court to BMC: Pay bonus to 40,000 \u2018striking\u2019 staffers", "text": "MUMBAI: The BMC on Wednesday was hit with a Rs 50-crore bill when the Bombay high court dismissed its petition and asked it to pay bonus to the 40,000 employees who striked work in 2011.Justice Anoop Mohta termed the BMC's action to deny the workers ex gratia payment for striking work as \"unfair trade practice\" and gave the municipal corporation six weeks to pay its staff.The court said that BMC's action smacked of \"high-handedness and arbitrariness\" as the punitive action was taken without any notice. The judge said that the BMC was expected to strike a balance between the common public and its employees' needs. The court also advised the BMC to settle such matters through talks.Each of the over 40,000 workers, belonging to the Sharad Rao-led Mumbai Municipal Mazdoor Union, will get Rs 11,000 as ex gratia in addition to 12% interest on the amount from April 2012.\"This is a victory for the workers,\" said Rao, who was present in the court. Rao said the next battle with the BMC was for arrears since 2005, which is likely to cost the corporation nearly Rs 6,500 crore.Members of the Rao-led union constitute over 70% of the 1.24 lakh civic staff, which had gone on a two-day strike over pay in 2011. Around 40,000 municipal employees, mainly those in charge of water supply and collecting garbage, went on strike. The BMC claimed that the employees struck work despite an industrial tribunal on September 17 prohibiting them from doing so. The BMC had then decided not to pay Diwali bonus to the employees who struck work.Advocates Sudhir Talsania and Neeta Karnik, representing the union, said the ex gratia was for 2011 and suspended and dismissed employees too are eligible. The advocates argued that no court had declared the strike was illegal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15411233", "title": "New engineering fee structure to be out before counselling", "text": "HYDERABAD: The fee structure at engineering colleges will be fixed before the release of the Eamcet notification. A committee of experts appointed by chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy has said that since enrollment in colleges could be hampered unless the fee was fixed first, it has been decided that the counseling notification and schedule will be made available beforehand. The state government had earlier announced that they might release the fee structure only after the opening of Eamcet counselling.However, the committee could not declare counselling dates even on Wednesday citing lack of clarity on fee structure. However, the committee has decided that over a dozen units headed by senior education and revenue officials will be appointed to inspect engineering colleges. Officials said that they will constitute task force teams at the state, district and mandal levels to vet colleges before counselling began.The committee has also decided to conduct online counseling for management seats.\"The state does not want colleges to charge fees higher than what is prescribed. The online process which is validated at every step will ensure the same,\" said an official. The officials, however, said that the Admission and Fee Regulatory Committee has yet to come up with a comprehensive fee structure for engineering colleges.\"We are expecting to arrive at a decision (on the issue) on Thursday,\" an official said, adding that colleges that conduct separate counselling for admissions will not be reimbursed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15414422", "title": "Proposal to have designated areas for functions", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After the identification of playgrounds in municipal wards, the civic body authority has come up with a new proposal to identify one or two open areas in each sector, where residents can hold religious and social functions.At present, residents hold various functions either in grounds or in green belts, which not only spoils their beauty but many times also results in financial losses due to damage to things like lights and railings. The proposal is being examined in consultation with councillors.Municipal commissioner Vivek Partap Singh said, \"This proposal had come from some of the municipal councillors and is being examined in consultation with councillors and other officials. It has been seen that in many sectors, gardens or green belts which have been developed and decorated by spending huge amounts of money, are being used for organizing various functions, which mars their beauty.\"Municipal councillor Davesh Moudgil said, \"I have discussed this issue with senior MC officials, as it has become one of the basic requirements in the municipal wards. In my ward, there is a big open area - the Ramleela ground -- and I have suggested that it be used for holding social and religious functions.\"This is the second new proposal to come up after the proposal for identifying playgrounds in the municipal wards, where kids can play. The demand for playgrounds had been pending for the past many years, but nothing had been done in this direction. Similarly, there are no designated spaces, where functions can be held.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15411193", "title": "GRP slaps police case on ragging accused from Bandra art college", "text": "MUMBAI: The five students suspended by L S Raheja School of Art for ragging are now in a police case. On Wednesday, the Government Railway Police (GRP), Bandra, lodged a non-cognizable offence against them and an ex-student under the Maharashtra Prohibition of Ragging Act.Eleven junior students of the Bandra college, including five girls, were ragged on a Churchgate-bound local on July 26. The next day, they complained to their college authorities and approached the GRP, following which the police met the college management.As per the anti-ragging act, a college is required to conduct an inquiry within a week of receiving a complaint. If the complaint is found true, the accused student is required to be suspended and the complaint forwarded to the police.\"We received a report from the college on Monday that stated that the five seniors involved in the ragging case had been suspended. We are in the process of approaching a magistrate's court to begin an investigation,\" said senior inspector V Dhopavkar of the Bandra GRP. \"The process will comprise the recording of statements of all students concerned\u2014the accused as well as the victims. At a later stage, if there will be a need to prosecute the accused, we will apply to the court for permission. The court may then issue summons.\"An amicable settlement between the parties is not ruled out as the accused are young and do not have a crime record. But the victims are apprehensive of a backlash, following news of the accused being suspended from college. \"Some of the victims stay as paying guests in the city. They have discussed their apprehensions with us. We have asked them not to worry,\" a police officer said.Meanwhile, the parents of the accused have met the GRP, requesting leniency and claiming that their children were innocent. Some have expressed an intention to move court against the college for the suspensions. \"On July 17, two of the six accused were involved in another instance of ragging in the college canteen. The principal had summoned their parents, but we have learnt that at least one boy produced proxies,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15403766", "title": "Janmashtami celebrations: Hrithik to break dahi handi this year", "text": "Hrithik Roshan had a blast performing the dahi handi sequence in Agneepath . Now, the actor is looking forward to reliving those moments in real life. He will be a part of the Janmashtami celebrations organised by Sachin Ahir at Worli's Jamboree maidan. Says Hrithik, \"The joy of participating in a real life dahi handi of such massive scale is unparalleled and unbeatable. This festival brings the entire community together. I am looking forward to see how these agile govindas perform on Janmashtami day.\" The star-studded event will also have Esha Deol performing a ballet, playing Radha before thousands of Govindas.Over 400 Govinda mandals will participate in the dahi handi event that will be held on Janmashthami by politician Sachin Ahir and wife Sangeeta's NGO Shri Sankalp Pratishthan at Jamboree Maidan in Worli. While Hrithik Roshan and Esha Deol will perform at the celebration, Emraan Hashmi will be among the guests visiting the venue. Says Sangeeta, \"We have always received great response for the celebration that we hold every year. We take all precautionary measures to ensure the safety of every participant by keeping medical aid handy.At the venue, we also carpet the entire ground to avoid any injury if the participants fall while forming the human pyramid.\" Speaking about why he thinks this festival is so important, Sachin says, \"Dahi handi is instrumental in community building and creates a sense of belonging. Large teams are trained with the help of a coach for months to master the art of forming the tallest human pyramid. And for that physical fitness is a must for every participant. The group effort of all participants is a visual delight to watch.\" Apart from the dahi handi celebrations, a special felicitation ceremony will be held to laud the efforts of the brave staff members who saved the national flag during the Mantralaya blaze.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15412231", "title": "NSA bids to intensify cyber-security system", "text": "NEW DELHI: The massive blackout of last week that plunged half of India into darkness was a grid failure. But it could just as easily have been a cyber-attack, because, as with much else, India's critical infrastructure is poorly protected from such strikes, which could affect millions of Indians in ever more devastating ways.Jolted from their habitual complacency, India's national security establishment has started to take corrective measures. Under the leadership of national security advisor (NSA), Shivshankar Menon, various agencies are working on a strategy to protect India from cyber-attacks. This is in addition to a complete restructuring of the cyber-security system also being carried out by the NSA.A two-pronged methodology towards protection is in the works \u2014preventing such attacks and building up an offensive capability. Officials are being sent for training to the US in the coming months to be trained in preventive methods. US-based media reports say obscure companies are carrying out cyber warfare activities on behalf of the state.Sources said, over 60,000 Indian computers were infected by the infamous Stuxnet worm that was sent out to target the Iranian nuclear programme last year. In addition, a number of Siemens instruments fell prey to the virus that was intended for Iran. Most of these are used in the Indian railways, but what has saved the railways so far, say officials familiar with the issues, is that there is still a huge proportion of human judgment and human activities involved.The government, in all its manifestations, remains primitive in its guardianship of sensitive information, by keeping it away from networks. Given the precarious condition of India's cyber defenses, this may turn out to be a good thing, even though it affects productivity significantly.Nevertheless, Indians are moving relentlessly towards a more networked society. Hence, the importance of refining the cyber-security infrastructure. The Naresh Chandra Task Force has made a number of recommendations on this issue, according to officials, and most of them are being implemented.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15413190", "title": "Investigator, Teesta battle over locus standi", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The proceedings in the case relating to Zakia Jafri's complaint against chief minister Narendra Modi and others - alleging they played a role in the 2002 riots - have taken a new twist.Jafri has questioned the legitimacy of the appointment of IPS officer Himanshu Shukla as the investigating officer (IO). On the other hand, the Supreme Court-appointed special investigation team (SIT) has vehemently objected to Teesta Setalvad's involvement in the proceedings. SIT has, in fact, demanded action against her.Setalvad had filed an affidavit a couple of days ago on behalf of Jafri claiming that she held the power of attorney to represent Jafri. In her affidavit, apart from the issue of illegible documents, she questioned the appointment of Shukla as the IO. It was argued that Shukla has been heading the city crime branch and is a Gujarat government officer, and Jafri's case was against the chief minister and other important government and public functionaries. In such circumstances, Shukla ought not to have been appointed the IO, the affidavit stated.For his part, Shukla filed an affidavit on Wednesday as a rebuttal and stated that his appointment was at the behest of SIT, which was given power to do so by the SC. SIT raised objection to Setalvad's involvement in this case once again. It was argued that the court had not accepted the social activist's right to represent Jafri in her absence through a power of attorney, but she continued with the proceedings.SIT urged the court to initiate action against Setalvad for committing contempt of court. In response, Jafri's counsel S M Vora said he would contest the petition on merit.Earlier too, SIT had taken a strong objection to Setalvad's presence during the process of inspection of the final report.Metropolitan magistrate B J Ganatra has scheduled a hearing on August 23 regarding the locus standi of Shukla and Setalvad.Meanwhile, the court has marked August 13 and 14 to sort out the issue of illegible documents that are found in SIT's closure report. The court has asked Jafri's lawyer to remain present. Vora had said that the documents showed how SIT placed papers without perusal. SIT claimed to have done so to obey an SC order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15410989", "title": "Blow to students as Unani PG seats slashed", "text": "HYDERABAD: Having failed to meet government standards, as many as 24 seats in the post graduate courses at the Nizamia Tibbi College have been slashed this academic year.The Central Council for Indian Medicine (CCIM) has approved only 10 seats for the year 2012-13 as against the 34 seats the college had in 2010-11. This has come as a blow to the aspiring students of the state as they have to seek admission in other parts of the country.The Nizamia Tibbi College attached to the Government Nizamia Tibbi Hospital, popularly known as the Charminar Unani hospital, is affiliated to the Dr NTR University of Health Sciences, Vijayawada. It had 75 seats in the Bachelor of Unani Medicine and Surgery and 34 seats in five MD courses under the PG category in 2010-11.The CCIM had recommended to the central government that the PG course be withdrawn and 15 seats in the UG category be slashed in 2011-12 as the college was found to be lacking in the required staff strength. Of the ten MD specialties listed by the CCIM, the Charminar Unani hospital has Moulejat (general medicine), Ilmul Advia (pharmacology), Ilmul Qabalat (obstetrics and gynecology), Tahafuzi-wa-Samaji Tib (preventive and social medicine) and Kulliyat (fundamentals of Unani medicine).According to college officials, the staff problem has worsened over the years because of delay in new appointments in the lecturer cadre and promotion to assistant professor and professor cadre. \"The state government has held up promotions. There are many deserving and qualified teachers who should be escalated to assistant professor and professor cadre to fill vacancies created by those retiring. This would also facilitate new recruitment at lecturer level,\" said one official, requesting anonymity.CCIM norms require that a 250-bed hospital cum college have at least 70 staff members associated with the college alone. The Charminar Unani College has 46 staff members including lectures, readers and professors. Each of the five departments should have one professor but there are currently only two professors in total while there are 12 vacancies in the assistant professor cadre.Officials share that they were expecting seat allocation in all the subjects after recruitment on contract basis but only ten seats were granted for the Moulejat course in the current academic year.Officials also pointed out that NTR University has not issued an announcement for admission to the PG courses this year pending sanction of seats. Now it seems like graduates in Unani medicine will have to seek further education outside AP as the Charminar Unani College is the only institution offering master degree in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15412119", "title": "Opening ayurveda college gets simpler", "text": "NEW DELHI: Now, opening a college for ayurveda has got simpler.In a major push for the country's rich knowledge of traditional medicine, India has notified the all new minimum standard requirements to start a college teaching Indian System Medicine (ISM).According to the Indian Medicine Central Council (Minimum Standards Requirements of ayurvedic colleges and attached hospitals) Regulations, 2012, which was notified on July 18, the land area required to open such a medical college has been reduced from 10 acres to only three.The regulation has also overturned the rule that made 100-bed hospitals mandatory for every ayurveda college. The annual intake capacity in the undergraduate course will be in the slabs of 60 and 100.The ratio of students with number of beds has been reduced to 1:1 as against 1:2 earlier. Distance between two beds in the general ward will have to be at least one and a half metres.The minimum per day average number of patients in the inpatient department will have to be 40%. The requirement of teachers has also been reduced to 30, with 14 higher faculty against the earlier norm of 35 teachers with 20 higher faculty.Also, it has become mandatory for all colleges to reveal names of faculty and their qualifications on their website.Besides, if an ayurveda college fulfills all the requirements (number of teachers, functional hospital and availability of equipment) by December, 2014, it shall be granted permission to undertake admissions for five years during which time the college shall not be inspected except for random checks if any complaint is received.Anil Kumar, secretary AYUSH (Ayurveda, Unani, Siddha and Homeopathy), however, said all the existing colleges which have not been able to achieve total compliance \"of requirements as specified in these regulations by December 31, 2014, shall be denied permission to function from the academic year 2015-16.\"At present, colleges are granted permission for one year leading to an annual inspection.In 2011-12, 134 ayurveda colleges were given permission, while 177 applications were denied. In 2012-13, 212 colleges have been given permission so far, while 100 have failed to make the cut. India has 25,000 undergraduate ISM seats and 3,200 post-graduate seats for ayurveda.\"It is desirable to have biometric attendance supported with web camera-based computerized attendance system. The college websites will have to show results of examinations of the previous year, detailed status of recognition of all the courses, details of clinical material in the hospital and details of teaching staff,\" the new rules say.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15416108", "title": "Jeppiar arrested in stadium collapse case that killed 10", "text": "CHENNAI: Jeppair, chairman of Sathyabama University, was arrested on Thursday morning, three days after 10 labourers were killed when a stadium attached to one of his colleges collapsed while being constructed.Police arrested Jeppiar, who has been admitted to A Ramachandran Diabetes Hospital, Egmore with high blood pressure since Tuesday. He has been charged with culpable homicide not amounting to murder. The stadium under construction collapsed at Jeppiar Institute of Technology in Kunam village near Sunguvarchatram on Monday, killing ten migrant labourers.Police sources said Jeppiar is likely to be shifted to a government hospital and later remanded in judicial custody. Four others, Maria Wilson, managing director of a trust, and site Aruljayam and Suganandam are among the four others who have been arrested and lodged in the Vellore prison in connection with the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15412065", "title": "Ulfa splits formally, Rajkhowa 'expelled'", "text": "GUWAHATI: The split in the proscribed Ulfa took a formal shape after the anti-talks faction led by Paresh Baruah 'expelled' the outfit's chairman, Arabinda Rajkhowa, who is heading the pro-talks group, and elevated acting chairman Abhijeet Barman ('Asom') as the new head of the outfit.The outfit has been divided since 2009 after the majority group led by Rajkhowa declared ceasefire and decided to hold peace talks with the government while Baruah formed the anti-talks faction, which continues to reject talks without sovereignty on the agenda. Baruah has been making repeated appeals to Rajkhowa to walk out of the peace process and return to the jungles.On April 29 last, the anti-talks Ulfa faction had made a \"concluding call\" to Rajkhowa to return to the outfit within three months or face the axe. The ultimatum from the hardliners' faction led by Baruah came ahead of Ulfa's third round of talks with the MHA next month. \"The three-month deadline came to an end on July 29 and since he (Rajkhowa) did not respond to our call, our acting chairman Abhijeet 'Asom' from today (Wednesday) has assumed full charge as the chairman of the outfit,\" publicity in-charge of the anti-talks faction, Arunodoy 'Asom', said in a statement.Rajkhowa and most of the top leaders were arrested in Bangladesh in 2008 and were handed over to India after which the peace process was initiated from within Guwahati jail, where the rebel leaders were kept, by the Centre's peace interlocutor, P C Haldar.In an immediate reaction to the hardliners' decision, the Rajkhowa faction described the change in leadership as \"unconstitutional and illegitimate\". Publicity secretary of the pro-talks group Mithinga Daimary said, \"There is no member in the outfit by the name Abhijeet Barman. Arabinda Rajkhowa continues to enjoy the trust of more than two-thirds of Ulfa and he will remain the chairman till he enjoys the support of the majority. Any change in the organizational structure has to be done in accordance with the constitution of Ulfa.\"In November last, Baruah had formed a new central committee of 16 members with the virtually unknown 'Dr Abhijit Barman' as chairman (in-charge) while Baruah made himself the vice-chairman (in-charge) in place of Pradeep Gogoi, another pro-talks leader. Baruah's new committee also has new additional secretaries instead of full-fledged secretaries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15413069", "title": "'Mayem evacuee property issue to be solved soon'", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Wednesday assured to resolve the long-pending Mayem evacuee property issue by conferring full benefits of all social legislations, including Tenancy Act, Mundkar Act, etc. on Mayem residents.Parrikar also assured that should the government experience any difficulty in the issue, the government would bring in an appropriate legislation to redress the grievances of the people of Mayem.Additionally, Parrikar said that the comunidade of Mayem, which had become defunct, will be revived and lands of comunidade would be handed over to this comunidade for agricultural purposes. Simultaneously, all facilities including cemetery, cremation ground, recreational facilities, etc., would be set up in the area.Parrikar gave the assurance in response to a calling attention motion by Mayem BJP MLA Anant Shet, who stated that despite 50 years of Goa's liberation, the local villagers are deprived of their proprietary rights in respect of their own land due to existence of the title of 'Conde' and 'Condadede Mayem' conferred during the Portuguese regime.Parrikar's written reply stated that with the adoption of the Constitution of India in 1950, all titles of any kind stood abolished.Goa's liberation secured the application of the Constitution of India to the then Union territory, for which all such Portuguese titles in whatever name called, stood abolished. There is no question of government recognizing any title. Property of Mayem is evacuee property administered by the custodian, Parrikar stated.The chief minister stated, \"Government assures the people of Mayem not to have any kind of fear whatsoever and to live a peaceful life enjoying all their Constitutional rights.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15414388", "title": "Docs discuss minimal invasive approach", "text": "CHANDIGARH: On Wednesday, it was the third day of the week-long fifth certificate course in hepato-pancreato-biliary surgery that is being held at the PGI.Delegates from all over the country and abroad had the opportunity to interact with and learn from eminent figures in the field of hepato-billiary-pancreatic surgery.The topics discussed covered almost every aspect of the field including liver tumours, resection and liver transplantation. Minimal invasive approach to liver lesions and various disorders of pancreas were also covered. The faculty of general surgery and faculty from other departments of the premier institute shared their experiences.According to T D Yadav, the organising secretary, this course is updating specialists in hepatobiliary and pancreatic disciplines with the latest evidence-based and practice guidelines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15416197", "title": "Lokpal Bill could be tabled in Parliament's monsoon session: Government", "text": "NEW DELHI: The much-hyped Lokpal Bill could be tabled in Rajya Sabha in the ongoing monsoon session if a parliamentary panel looking into the legislation gives its report before the end of the session, the government said on Thursday.\"I am told that the select committee could probably give its report on Lokpal Bill by September three. If it happens, we will bring the bill\", parliamentary affairs minister Pawan Kumar Bansal told reporters here.He said a total of 118 bills of the government were in various stages and much would depend on the recommendations of standing committees and the time available for their introduction or tabling in either House of Parliament.Lokpal bill was passed in Lok Sabha during the winter session last year. It was referred to a Rajya Sabha select committee after several opposition members moved various amendments to the legislation.The select committee has so far taken the views of department of personnel and training, law ministry and CBI on the proposed amendments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "sasaram", "code": "15411787", "title": "FIR against wheat procurement godown in-charge", "text": "SASARAM: An FIR was lodged on Tuesday against the wheat procurement-cum-godown in-charge of Kudra depot in Kaimur district in connection with alleged irregularities in wheat procurement. The FIR was lodged on the Kaimur DM's direction.Meanwhile, JD(U) Karakat MLA, while raising the issue of irregularities in paddy procurement in the district during zero hour in the assembly on Tuesday, demanded action against the district manager of State Food Corporation (SFC).In his inquiry report, Mohania SDO Rakesh Ranjan detected that wheat was procured from 245 farmers from April 26 to May 18 at Kudra depot of SFC. But 'lagaan' receipts of 135 farmers were not in the possession of the depot in-charge. The FIR was lodged against the in-charge, Jagdish Prasad, by the block supply officer.Sources said the major part of procurement was made by middlemen. Identical irregularities were committed at all the procurement centres of Kaimur and Rohtas district. About one lakh metric tonne paddy (half of the total target of the season) was procured in one day, that, too, on the last day of procurement __ April 14 __ sources said. Sources said in Rohtas district, too, one dozen cases of procurement of wheat on fake 'lagaan' receipts were detected. In some cases, FIRs against procurement in-charge were lodged and some in-charges were also removed.In the first week of May, about 50,000 metric tonne wheat in SFC bags were found in different rice mills in the twin districts. Show-cause notices were also slapped by district supply officer (DSO) Kaimur to the millers as to where they got the SFC bags from. In Rohtas district, too, 5,000 MT wheat in SFC bags were seized by the administration from a rice mill near Sasaram.Rohtas DPRO Ravi Bhushan Sahay said the wheat was released on the basis of Sasaram Civil SDO's report who had seized the consignment on the DM's order. Sources said Buxar MP Jagadanand Singh has demanded CBI inquiry into Rs 1,000 crore scam in paddy procurement in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15414456", "title": "10 road projects to pave way for growth", "text": "NEW DELHI: All corridor improvement plans have to address government policies of equitable distribution of road space for all kinds of road users - and has to focus on movement of maximum number of people, not vehicles. With this mandate, the state government , PWD and planning body UTTIPEC are working out the terms of reference for 10 future projects that have been proposed by PWD.These include the corridor improvement of Mathura Road from Ashram Chowk to Modi Mill flyover, elevated road on new Rohtak Road and Pankha Road, among others, said officials.In a meeting with PWD minister Raj Kumar Chauhan , principal secretary PWD and PWD engineer-in-chief and UTTIPEC director Ashok Bhattacharjee on Tuesday, the 10 projects proposed by PWD were discussed. \"We wanted to consult UTTIPEC before the feasibility study of projects to iron out differences of opinion beforehand. By bringing UTTIPEC on board , we hope this will help reduce any delay ,\" said Chauhan.UTTIPEC has advised PWD to consider areas in totality , and different urban development projects in relation to each other. For instance , some of the projects are planned for areas near Metro phase-3 influence zones . \"Instead of focusing on single-point interventions like a flyover or focusing on small areas, we will ask consultants to take entire corridor into consideration. The plan for corridor improvement of Mathura Road from Ashram chowk to DND flyover has been extended to Modi Mill flyover as suggested by UTTIPEC,\" Chauhan said.Similarly, proposal for an elevated road on new Rohtak Road will contain the feasibility study till Liberty cinema, said officials. For Peeragarhi chowk, the feasibility plan will take into area extended on either side. The corridor improvement plan for Najafgarh road and Pankha road have been clubbed as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15413227", "title": "Mercury dips after light drizzle", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat received 5.72 mm rain in a single day on Wednesday. This brought down temperatures across Gujarat.Of the 225 talukas in the state, 89 received rainfall in varying amounts. Dense clouds, especially over north Gujarat, made the climate pleasant and gave relief to denizens reeling under sultry conditions for the last two weeks.Showers were also experienced in some of the driest regions in the state, besides parts of central and east Gujarat. Weather officials have forecast moderate to heavy rains across the state. Meteorologist with the India Meteorological Department Manorama Mohanty said there is a low pressure area lying near Madhya Pradesh and adjoining areas which is likely to give rain to north Gujarat. She believes the respite will be short-lived as the rainfall activity will recede in a day or two.Director of research at Sardar Patel Dantiwada Agricultural University ( SDAU) R L Patel said revival of the monsoon has given new lease of life to standing crops. Besides castor, the main crops of north Gujarat which has been sown in about four lakh hectares, cluster beans and fodder are in much demand these days following the drought-like situation.Officials at the control room started by the revenue department said Mehsana, Patan, Sabarkantha and Banaskantha have been receiving showers since Tuesday. In Sabarkantha, Dhansura recorded 93 mm rain followed by Khedbrahma (60 mm) while Himmatnagar and Talod got 27 mm each in the last 24 hours.The state has so far received only 183.11 mm rain of its annual rainfall of 798 mm. This is just 22 per cent of the total annual rainfall. Kutch and Saurashtra remained largely dry even on Tuesday and Wednesday. Three talukas in Kutch, including Abdasa, Nakhatrana and Lakhpat, have received no rainfall this monsoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15411779", "title": "Speed up CCTV camera network process: Chief minister", "text": "MUMBAI: Amid the controversy around the bidding process for the Mumbai CCTV cameras project, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Wednesday directed officials to expedite the technical process.Ministers raised the issue of the delay in the project's implementation at the state cabinet meeting, following which Chavan issued the directives. Conceptualized after the 26/11 terror strikes, the project envisages a state-of-the-art video surveillance network across city roads on the lines of the Ring of Steel in London.The tender process for the project has got mired in controversies. A high-powered committee headed by state chief secretary Jayant Kumar Banthia has been asked to take a look at the tender process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "15412858", "title": "Iritty is limping back to normalcy", "text": "KANNUR: After two days of heavy rains and flash floods, the hilly regions in the district are limping back to normalcy. In Iritty and surrounding areas, National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) and Indian Navy personnel have been pressed into service.Meanwhile, an assistant engineer attached to the Pazhassi dam has been suspended for dereliction of duty.The 72-member NDRF team is now trying to open the remaining shutters of the dam and also helping to remove the waste from the dam. The seven-member naval team is helping the relief and cleaning operations.On Tuesday, the dam overflowed causing panic among people. Things are now under control and the water level has come down to around 22 meters (the full reservoir level is 26.52 metres). Of the 16 shutters, only nine could be opened, and this had caused the floods in Iritty and surrounding areas.Assistant engineer K M Gopalan was suspended based on a department-level inquiry by the irrigation chief engineer. The enquiry was held following allegations that the situation had gone out of control because of laxity on part of officials. It was water resources minister P J Joseph, who had ordered the enquiry based on complaints he had received when he visited the dam on Tuesday.However, there are allegations that the suspension is just a face-saving measure. \"There is huge corruption associated with the dam and it cannot be brought out just by suspending an official. There should be an investigation into how the money allocated for repairing the dam has been spent; what the PWD did in the name of repairing the shutters, etc,\" said an official.Meanwhile, rural development minister K C Joseph visited Iritty and Pazhassi dam in the morning. Revenue minister Adoor Prakash visited the area in the evening and addressed a review meeting.K C Joseph put the overall loss at around Rs 28 crore. This include losses suffered by business establishments.The Vyapari Vyavasayi Ekopana Samithi here said business establishments had incurred a loss of over Rs 15 crore. It has demanded a reasonable compensation.On Tuesday, the administration had put the loss in the district at around Rs 40 crore.K C Joseph visited the relief camps in government schools at Payam, Perumparamba and Keezhur. He also visited the house of Akshay, the nine-year-old boy who had died after falling into a flooded laterite quarry. His family was promised Rs one lakh as aid. The minister said chief minister Oommen Chandy would visit the area on August 10.Many places in Iritty still remain waterlogged and well water cannot be used, affecting normal life.Nearly 150 shops and 300 houses in the region were damaged; around 1,000 houses suffered minor damages with water entering them in the last two days of rain. Anticipating health hazards, medical teams are in action at the relief camps.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15413900", "title": "Mumbai needs a strong law, not leniency, for illegal hawking", "text": "Illegal hawking is a menace in most parts of the city and it is more acute in station areas. The centre's lenient view flies in the face of general sentiment and the situation on the ground. And it's not only illegal hawking and encroachment of vehicular or pedestrian spare we are talking about. There is a more sinister element in the bullying and harassment that protesting citizens often have to face. A strong law remains the need of the hour.Related Story:  Need hard stance not soft view on illegal vendors, say residents", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "15410682", "title": "Bus rams bicycle in Jagatpur, student killed", "text": "CUTTACK: A Plus II student was killed and another critically injured when a bus rammed into their bicycles in Jagatpur area on Wednesday. The deceased has been identified as Ahalya Sethi (17), a student of Laxmi Narayan Sahoo Junior College, Jagatpur. Her friend, Rashmita Mallick(18), was rushed to SCB Medical College and Hospital. The driver fled from the spot.\"The accident took place around 10.30 am. The bus going from Chandikhole to Cuttack was trying to overtake a truck but suddenly the bus driver lost control and hit the girls,\" said a police officer of Jagatpur police station.As the news of the mishap spread, hordes of college students and locals gathered at the spot and staged an agitation demanding compensation for the victims and action against the errant bus driver. \"We want justice for our friends. Stringent action should be taken against the bus driver,\" said Mrutunjay Das, an agitating student.The angry college students also blocked the Jagatpur road for a few hours due to which traffic in the area was affected. Senior police officials rushed to pacify the agitators. Police have launched a manhunt to nab the driver. \"We are trying our best to arrest the driver,\" a police officer of Jagatpur police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15412063", "title": "RTO drive to check vehicles from next week", "text": "PUNE: On the backdrop of the recent serial blasts in the city, the Regional Transport Office (RTO) of Pune has planned a vehicle checking drive from Monday.The RTO officials will randomly check driving license and documents of vehicles including, tax receipts, insurance, PUC, fitness certificate etc.The drive is being conducted as a part of the security measures that are being taken up after the blasts, said an official from RTO. Two-wheeler and four-wheeler drivers are appealed to carry relevant and valid documents from Monday. The RTO has formed teams to conduct the drive at all prominent roads across the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "15413650", "title": "Association of University Teachers fight hits ludicrous limits", "text": "Trichy: The agitation for reviving philosophy as a course of study at National College reached ludicrous limits on Wednesday, bypassing the core issue. As many as 28 National College teachers including six women part of the AUT-sponsored striking team have given a complaint to the assistant commissioner of Cantonment police stating that three pro-management professors captured them on their mobile phones from all angles, and that the mobile-shooters even tried to manhandle them.In a diametrically opposite contention, principal of National College K Anbarasu, in a complaint to Inspector of Police (law and order), Cantonment, said, \"At about 10 am, on my direction, Dr S Selvaraj, assistant professor, department of geology, took photographs of the event in my presence. When he started taking photographs, Dr K Pandiyan, associate professor, department of history of our college, physically assaulted Dr S Selvaraj and asked him to move away and snatched the camera from him.\" Saying the photographic evidence was attached herewith, the principal in his complaint requested the inspector to register a case and take action against Dr K Pandiyan, state president of the Association of University Teachers. The principal further said all this happened in the presence of college professors Dr D Srinivasan, Dr S P Anand, Prof Muthuramakrishnan, Dr R Rajarathinam and the police personnel, and the video clipping of the incident had also been submitted to the police.Meanwhile, the six women professors - S Senthamarai Selvi, A Meenakshi Rani, S Indira, L Pushpalatha, B Latha and J Geehapriya - of the college who are striking for the second day in support of the philosophy course said in their complaint that they feared for their security and what happened on Wednesday was only the tip of a larger conspiracy. They asked the police for protection. Assistant Commissioner C K Gandhi told TOI he was studying the issue closely and that both complaints had been taken on record.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15412657", "title": "HC orders to restore pension of molester cop Rathore", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Punjab and Haryana high court on Wednesday ordered to restore pension benefits to the former Haryana DGP SPS Rathore, who was convicted by a Chandigarh court for molesting Ruchika Girhotra.However, while directing the central government to restore Rathore's pension, Justice S K Mittal made it clear that restoration of pension to Rathore would be provisional and subject to the outcome of an appeal filed by Rathore before the Supreme Court against his conviction.Rathore's pension was withheld by the ministry of home affairs in June 2010, following his conviction in the Ruchika molestation case by a district court in Chandigarh and later by the Punjab and Haryana high court.Rathore had approached the Central Administrative Tribunal (CAT) the same year challenging the MHA decision stating that \"his alleged act of misconduct has not resulted in a pecuniary loss to the Centre or the state government.\"Taking up his contentions, a division bench of the CAT headed by its judicial member Justice S D Anand in December 2011 had ordered to restore his pension following which the MHA had moved the high court against the CAT orders.In its petition filed on May 2, 2011, before the HC, MHA had pleaded that Rathore has been convicted and sentenced by Chandigarh trial court for molestation and his sentence has also been upheld by the high court, thus he deserved to be punished by withholding the pension benefits.Responding to MHA's petition, Rathore had submitted that \"pension is a right, which devolves on the officer's family also and during his lifetime it is necessary for his sustenance and thereafter it is to be enjoyed by his dependents, specifically his wife and unmarried daughter.\"He had also submitted that the action of withholding his pension is violation of right to life.Rathore was convicted of molesting Ruchika, who was 14 years of age at that time, on August 11, 1990 and was awarded 18 months rigorous imprisonment on May 25, 2010 by a local court in Chandigarh. Rathore remained behind bars for five months and is out on bail granted by the Supreme Court he had moved in 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15411481", "title": "Drive against skewed vehicle number plates", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Hyderabad traffic police will conduct a special drive against improper number plate and non-possession of necessary documents from Monday.Additional CP C V Anand, in an official release issued here, said up to Rs 5,000 fine would be imposed if numbers and alphabets on the number plate were not as per the MV Act or the number plate size was at variance with the prescribed size or if there was tampering of numbers and alphabets or if words like 'Police', 'Government Vehicle', 'Corporator', 'Press', 'Army', 'MLA', 'MP', were written on number plates.He also said that in case of false number plates and deletion of digits or letters, the vehicles would be seized and a criminal case booked.In addition to this, police would also check for non-possession of documents.Seized vehicles would be released only after the driver (in case of a student) and their parents appear for traffic counselling class at the Traffic Training Institute and on payment of fine.The fine amounts for violation is as follows:Non possession of driving licence- Rs 300/-Non possession of original driving licence- Rs 200/-Without Registration Certificate (RC)-Rs 200/-Without Pollution Under Control Certificate-Rs 300/- (2-wheeler)Rs 600/- (4-wheeler)Without Insurance papers-Rs 300/- (2-wheeler)Rs 600/- (4-wheeler)Lack of valid permit-Rs 300/-Vehicles without registration -Rs 1000/ to 2000/-", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15412287", "title": "Electioneering class for state poll officials", "text": "RANCHI: A two-day training programme on panchayat and urban loKcal bodies was held here on Wednesday by the Indian International Institute of Democracy and Election Management (IIIDEM).State election commissioner S D Sharma said, \"Many aspects have been covered in the training, like preparation of voters' list, monitoring, tracking software of electronic voting machines, counting of votes and a model code of conduct.\"Sharma felt the training would be of great help for the panchayat and municipal elections scheduled for early next year.\"Other states like Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh have also requested for similar trainings. Over 47 officials from the state participated. \"We will also have a feedback session at the end,\" said Sharma.P K Dash, director general (election expenditure) said, \"We have organised this for master trainers who will later train officials. If after the training, mistakes persist, then those responsible will be hauled up.There are more panchayat election candidates and so I hope this training will be successful and useful.\"Ashish Shrivastav, director general (training), said the institute was set up one-and-a-half years back. \"We will prepare a national module.We need to strengthen our democracy through such programmes,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15372022", "title": "Jism 2: I'm not ashamed of my past, says Sunny Leone", "text": "Post the release of her Bollywood debut, Sunny Leone opens her heart on her Indian plans...Has your family seen Jism 2? My parents are no more. I've a brother. He doesn't understand too much Hindi. So I hope to show him a subtitled print. Most of my friends and family are in LA. I want to sit with them and watch my film. It's the only film I've done so far that I can watch with my family (laughs).What's your second film going to be? It's Ragini MMS 2. That's my second film. It will be shot closer to the end of the year.Your voice in Jism 2 is dubbed by an Indian dubbing artiste Smita Malhotra. Don't you think your performance would have come out better if you had spoken your own lines? Yes, I realize that. My Hindi needs improvement. I am definitely using my own voice in my next film. I wish I had worked more closely with my Hindi tutor over my Hindi during Jism 2. I was having so much fun shooting for this film I forgot to concentrate on improving my Hindi. It was a mistake.It's like two different performances, yours and the dubbing artiste's? Yes, I am aware of that. But my consolation is, that they would have used a dubbing artiste for me no matter how much better my Hindi got. They (the Bhatts) do it with a lot of artistes. It's a directorial choice. I've spent a lot of time on my Hindi. But I am still not equipped to have a conversation in Hindi yet. It's more important for me to express myself properly than to create an impression of being conversant in any language.Among your new fans there's Ram Gopal Varma . He has asked me to tell he loves you? Did he say that? I appreciate that. I hope we work together soon.They are burning your effigies and tearing down your posters in India? What can I say? I am flattered by the attention (laughs). Jokes aside, in the entertainment business no matter what you do some groups of people are going to have issues about it. Luckily for me, there are more people liking me than disliking me. That's the reason I returned to India after Bigg Boss to make a film. My husband and I have gone through the laws and regulations of this country (regarding pornography) and I'm conducting myself accordingly (girlish giggles). I get really good vibes from India.I don't think the laws here care about what you do in the US? That's exactly why I'm comfortable here. Everything is happening so fast. I never thought I'd be making a movie in India. I can't believe what's happening! I know a lot of critics in India don't like me. And that's fine. Everyone has the prerogative to judge me according to what they think of me from earlier on .On one end they tear down your poster and on the other end the government invites you for their functions. Isn't that ironical? (laughs) First of all the supposedly offensive poster is not me. The girl in the poster is someone else. I think the protest is directed more at the concept than the individual. I don't think the protests have to do with me. It's the whole package. They'll tear down a poster, we'll put up another one. I think controversies and notoriety are used by people for their own purposes. You've to figure out the best way of dealing with the situation. No one should get hurt. I guess there will be people trying to tear me down regardless of what I do.Doesn't it offend you when people judge you as a porn star rather than a debutante in Jism 2? (thinks) People will judge me the way they like. I can't change what I'm or what I did in the past. I can't go from door-to-door asking everyone to delete my past. Not that I am apologetic or ashamed of my past. The key factor is here that I did what I did without any shame or guilt.Many people are surprised to see you can actually act. I think many people went into the film with pre-conceived notions about what they were going to see. At least I've changed that. I am truly blessed. I had never planned a Bollywood career. I had no idea this was the way my career would turn out. I never dreamt of a career here.Have you shifted to India? I haven't technically moved home to India. My home is still in Los Angeles but fact is, I'm spending much more time in India than the place that I call home. To be honest, I no longer know where home is, or what the future holds for me.Where do you feel at home now? In any of the hotels that I stay in. I unpack, put my things in the cupboard and say, \"Okay I am home now.\" It's a make believe game.That sounds rather sad? Don't get me wrong. My life is not that sad. They say home is where the heart is. And my husband is with me wherever I go. So I am happy. Wherever we are - LA, Italy or India - he's with me. So my life doesn't feel incomplete in any way. I'm always on the road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15412066", "title": "Tejinder Singh seeks cancellation of bail to ex-Army chief, others", "text": "NEW DELHI: Retired Lt Gen Tejinder Singh on Wednesday moved a trial court seeking cancellation of the bail granted to former Army chief Gen V K Singh and four other top Army officials in a criminal defamation case filed against them.Lt Gen Singh, who is the complainant in the case, said the bail should be cancelled as four of the five accused had not appeared in court and they might tamper with evidence.Besides the former Army chief, others who granted bail are Vice-Chief of Army Staff S K Singh, Lt Gen B S Thakur (director general of Military Intelligence), Maj Gen S L Narshiman (additional director general of public information) and Col Hitten Sawhney.Except Col Sawhney, none of the other four appeared before the court for Wednesday's hearing and moved applications through their lawyers for exemption from personal appearance which was allowed by metropolitan magistrate Jay Thareja. Barring the former Army chief, the other four accused also sought permanent exemption from personal appearance and their pleas were listed by the court for hearing on August 24.\"Accused number one (V K Singh), two (S K Singh), three (B S Thakur) and four(S L Narshiman) are exempted for today only. Application filed by accused number two, three, four and five (Sawhney) for grant of permanent exemption till further orders are taken on record,\" the court said.During the proceedings, the court heard arguments on the pleas by the four serving Army officers for conversion of the case into a warrant case under Section 259 of CrPC, instead of summons case.The lawyers appearing for the accused and Lt Gen Tejinder Singh advanced their arguments on the pleas and the court listed the matter for further hearing on August 24. \"All the advocates have agreed that it will be appropriate to first decide the applications under Section 259 of CrPC. The arguments on the said applications have been heard. Put up for further arguments and if possible for orders on August 24,\" the court said.All the accused had appeared before the court on July 20 in response to the summons issued against them and the four serving officials had moved the court for conversion of the case into a warrant case saying, \"This is not a normal defamation case and it needs more elaboration.\"The court, however, had pointed out that if the case was converted into a warrant case, the trial would take 20 years to conclude.All the five accused were granted bail on July 20 on a personal bond of Rs 20,000 each.In his complaint, Lt Gen Tejinder Singh has accused them of misusing their official position, power and authority to level false charges against him.He had filed the complaint alleging that he was defamed by the Army through its press release issued on March 5, which accused him of offering a bribe of Rs 14 crore to the erstwhile Army chief to clear a deal of 600 trucks, a charge refuted by him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15413671", "title": "BJP opposes hike in house tax", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Bharatiya Janata Party workers on Wednesday burnt the effigy of state urban development minister Azam Khan at Baluaghat crossing and shouted anti-state government slogans to mark their protest against increased house tax.BJP leader Babbu Ram Dwivedi said, \"The state government has cheated the people of Allahabad by increasing the house tax.\" He added that BJP workers will continue to oppose the move till it is rolled back.He said people were coming forward to express their anger over the increased house tax and the party would collect people of the sangam city on a common platform against the increased house tax. The party will continue its agitation against increased house tax. Meanwhile, BJP leader Shashank Shekhar Pandey said the party carried out its membership drive in the Sadiapur ward on Wednesday and claimed that many people took the membership. tnnThe membership drive will be carried out at ADC Road and Naini on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15411059", "title": "NDA PM has to come from BJP: Nitish Kumar", "text": "PATNA: Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar , who has opposed his Gujarat counterpart Narendra Modi's projection as the NDA's choice for prime minister, said on Wednesday that he would back another BJP leader for the top post.Denying that he is a candidate for PM, Kumar stressed that it will be somebody from the BJP who will take the post if the NDA is voted to power in 2014. When asked about his choice from the BJP to lead the government, Kumar said, \"Yes, I do have. But why should I tell you (media)? I will disclose my cards at an appropriate time and forum.\" The comments could roil the ego-filled waters of the BJP.Kumar, who has emerged a critical player in the NDA, has sought commitment from BJP chief Nitin Gadkari that the party would not project Modi as the PM in the run-up to the polls. Viewed against this and the backdrop of his reservations about the Gujarat CM, the disclosure that he would back someone else could be read as his trying to set a condition to continue his association with the NDA.Referring to his interview to Economic Times in June, in which he had said the next PM should be a \"secular\" person, Kumar said, \"There is absolutely no change in my stand. I stand by what I had said.\"The BJP refrained from responding, with its spokesperson saying the issue was untimely. \"It is very clear that the whole debate is untimely because the ruling party has not declared its candidate yet. Where is the need for the NDA to declare its choice? Let the Congress spell out its choice, and we will do so at an appropriate time,\" BJP spokesperson Prakash Javdekar said. However, Javdekar appeared happy over the indication from Kumar that he was not set on leaving the NDA. \"The NDA is united on this, and we will remain united. Rather, you will see us expanded,\" he said.Kumar's remark also contrasted with senior BJP leader L K Advani's assessment that neither the Congress nor the BJP stood a chance of taking the PMO in 2014. \"This is an era of coalition and the leader of the largest coalition partner should head the government. Otherwise, there might be political instability and weak governance,\" the Bihar CM said.On Shiv Sena supremo Bal Thackeray's observation that a contest between Kumar and Modi for the top post is likely if the NDA gets majority in 2014, he said, \"That is Thackeray's own inference. Let me make it clear that I am not in the race.\" Kumar denied there was any difference of opinion in his party over the issue which has once again taken political centrestage after Advani's blog about the chances of a non-Congress, non-BJP PM taking over. He said the comments made by JD(U) national president Sharad Yadav and national spokesperson Shivanand Tiwary were the same. \"I have gone through that blog and its contents should be read in totality. What he means to say is there could be a possibility of a non-Congress or non-BJP PM. But he has also warned that such a government would not last,\" Kumar pointed out.Asked if he foresaw any chance of Advani leading the party in 2014, the Bihar CM decline to comment. About the BJP veteran, he said, \"He is an elderly leader and expresses his views as per his wisdom. Advani is a very misunderstood leader. After Advani, I am the most misunderstood politician.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15413368", "title": "Movie fest to throw light on agricultural issues", "text": "MYSORE: The two-day film festival, to be held at Rani Bahadur Auditorium from August 13, will bring to the fore some of the burning issues that the farmer community in India are facing.Six documentary films will be screened at the festival, 'Freedom from GM - agrarian crisis in India', organized by Mysore University Teachers' Association.Director Deepa Bhatia's film 'Nero's Guests' is based on a historical episode when Nero burnt humans alive to illuminate a party he had organized. None of the guests protested against the atrocity. The underlying message of the movie is that \"if we keep ignoring the sufferings of farmers, we are no better than Nero's guests\".'I Want My Father Back' directed by Suma Jasson examines the crisis small farmers in India are facing due to globalization and government apathy. The movie focuses on farmer suicides reported in Vidarbha, Maharashtra and other parts of the country. Director P V Satheesh's 'Community Conquers Hunger' is a tale of women from the marginalized section of society, who, with a quiet confidence went about banishing hunger in a span of two decades.'Poison on the Platter', directed by Mahesh Bhatt and Ajay Kanchan, is about how biotech MNCs, in their mad rush to capture India's multi-billion dollar agricultural and food industry, are bulldozing warnings by scientists about the adverse impact of GM foods. 'Raita Teerpu' is about a farmers' jury of Dalits, indigenous people and farmers delivering an iconic verdict called Raita Teerpu on democratization of agricultural research.Pankaj H Gupta's 'Apna Aloo Bazaar Becha' shows what happens when remote, isolated mountain communities come face to face with globalization.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15411561", "title": "Income tax raids Rasoya Proteins", "text": "NAGPUR: The income tax department raided the premises of a city-based company, Rasoya Proteins Limited, engaged in production of soyabean oil. Tax sleuths raided 14 places belonging to the company including its main office at Pratap Nagar in city, factories at Wani and Malkapur as well business premises in Wardha and Mumbai. I-T officials also raided the office of a chartered accountant, Anand Daga, who is reported to be associated with this company.Shailendra Handa, the Director (investigation) of income tax department, here refused to comment on the operation. However, other officials confirmed the address and type of business of the firm that was raided. But they refused to divulge names.The company which is engaged in extraction of soyabean oil and also manufacture of other related products was incorporated in June 1992. A N Lonkar is the managing director of the company. Its earnings have been moderate and the profit recorded for the year 2011-12 stands at Rs12 crore, as per the data posted on Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) website.Sources in the investigating team said that some other corporate entities, which are not listed in the stock market, had made investments in the company. I-T officials are investigating this aspect too. No cash or other valuables were seized on the first day. The operations are expected to continue for a couple of more days.The company's share fell on the day raids were conducted with the scrip closing low by 2.13% at Rs23. Soyabean prices have reached a peak touching Rs4400 to Rs5500 per quintal. This is double than the normal range, says sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15414317", "title": "Kanda goes underground as cops arrest his aide", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after he was summoned for questioning in the Geetika Sharma suicide case, former Haryana minister Gopal Goyal Kanda, who has been accused of driving the former airhostess to her death, went underground even as his lawyers applied for anticipatory bail in a Rohini court. Kanda's appeal will be heard on Thursday.Police said they will press for non-bailable warrants to be issued against the Sirsa MLA if he is not traced till Thursday morning.While Kanda remained elusive, his aide Aruna Chaddha was arrested on Wednesday. She had appeared before police on Tuesday and now faces the charge of criminal conspiracy (section 120 B, IPC), in addition to criminal intimidation and abetment to suicide. Sources said the move came after Chaddha did not cooperate with police during preliminary questioning.Chaddha, a senior manager with Kanda's MDLR Group, will spend the night in Delhi Police's custody and be produced before a magistrate on Thursday morning. Accused's team tried to buy timeCops intend to seek police remand for her and interrogate her at length.MDLR's legal advisor Ankit Ahluwalia is already being questioned while Mandeep Singh , another employee, has become a police witness. Police said most of the 'intimidating' calls to Geetika were made from several SIM cards registered in Singh's name.In all, 10 MDLR employees were questioned on Wednesday .Kanda surprised Delhi Police on Wednesday when, instead of appearing for questioning, he sent his lawyers to seek three days' time to join the probe. His lawyer argued that Kanda needed time to review relevant documents . However, police turned down the request.DCP northwest P Karunakaran said, \"Gopal Kanda did not join the police investigation and is missing\" . After it became clear that he had gone underground, several Delhi Police teams were sent to MDLR offices and Kanda's houses in Gurgaon, Faridabad and Delhi. But he had not been found till late on Wednesday evening.Kanda's defiance has raised questions about police's handling of the case. Even though he is the prime accused in the case, they took three days to serve a notice to him. On Tuesday, the former minister was seen with several Haryana politicians and his brother Govind Kanda. He was available at his Gurgaon residence till Tuesday evening and even gave interviews to the media.Sources said police were under tremendous political pressure and they were waiting for a court's intervention to arrest him. However , officials denied they were under pressure.Times ViewThis case is a test case for the Delhi Police in some sense. Whether the former Haryana minister is guilty of all that he is being accused of or not is a matter for the courts to judge if and when it comes to that stage, but the police must show that it is looking into the allegations against him with the same seriousness with which it would investigate a similar complaint against an ordinary citizen. He must be treated as any ordinary citizen would be in a similar situation. Under no circumstances must the impression be conveyed that he is being treated with kid gloves because of who he is. The message must be clear - nobody is above the law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15414398", "title": "East Delhi roads a mess, corporation lets it ride", "text": "NEW DELHI: East Delhi residents have a tough time negotiating cracked bridges and narrow, worn-out roads every day. Three important links for residents of Geeta Colony, Krishna Nagar and those staying in adjoining areas are in a pitiable condition \u2014 one bridge is learnt to have caved in three months ago, another road has petered out, and a third bridge has developed cracks.Despite the daily hassles, civic agencies have been slow to act. One of the links crying out for repair is the road connecting the upscale Beverly Hills Apartments with the Geeta Colony clover leaf flyover.A TOI team visited the area this week after complaints poured in from residents. The bridge over the Geeta Colony drain, near Sarvodaya Vidyalaya, has had a massive cave-in , rendering it impassable. East Delhi Municipal Corporation, which is in charge of the stretch, claims that tenders have been invited for the repair work, which will start soon. The east corporation officials claim the road caved in a month back despite reports to the contrary. The entire stretch above the drain needs to be rebuilt.\"We have floated the tenders for construction of the road and the culvert. The process will be completed by mid-August , and work should start by the first week of September,\" said S S Yadav , commissioner, the east Delhi corporation.Sources say it will take four to five months to construct the culvert. The estimated cost of the project is Rs 55 lakh. Officials say they have provided two alternative routes through Buddha Market and Raja Ram Kohli Marg. Even these routes were found to be in a poor condition by TOI.While the stretch through Buddha Market is narrow, and therefore, congested, Raja Ram Kohli Marg has been reduced to a pile of rubble. Despite two schools, a hospital and upscale areas like Beverly Hills and Mayurdhwaj apartments falling on either side of the road linking the Geeta Colony clover leaf flyover, the road has been damaged for over a year now. Schoolchildren daily cross this unsafe stretch. The road was supposed to be handed over to PublicWorks Department (PWD), but is still under the purview of the east corporation . \"The stretch belongs to the municipal body. It will be handed over to us after some work on the stretch is complete. In a meeting with the Delhi government chief secretary, it had been decided that all roads where repairs are under way will be handed over to PWD after the work is complete. This is one such road,\" said a senior PWD official of the area.A third link, which commuters are forced to use, is a narrow bridge over the Geeta Colony drain near the district welfare office. This bridge barely has space for vehicles to move in two files, and has developed huge cracks on either side of the railing. Though there are frequent jams on the bridge, agencies did not know under whom the stretch falls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15413224", "title": "Kanga League: BRD-Juhu Vile Parle match ends in tie", "text": "MUMBAI: First tie of the 65th Kanga Cricket league was recorded in a 'F' Division clash between BRD and Juhu Vile Parle Gym, at Bharat ground, Shivaji Park, on Sunday.Brief scores:Division 'F': Parsee Cyclists 109 (S Dalvi 3-18) and 31-0 bt Sportsmen, Kalyan 88 (V Soni 4-34) on the first innings. Khandala 106 -8 decl. (S Chemburkar 49, Rohan Ganpule 48; R Pol 4-42) lost to Prabhu Jolly Young 119 -3 (R Jadhav 68 n.o.). Taki Team 120 - 6 decl. (A Shirgaonkar 30, A Kambli 32) drew with Ghatkoper Jolly 97- 7 (J Thakkar 63; Sandeep pawar 5-26). BRD 73 (A Dalvi 6-12) tied with Juhu Vile Parle 73 (Pritam Shinde 6-12). Sportsmen Vasai : 191-6 decl. (Sujit Deokar 94, N Ali 32) drew with Friends 138 -3 (Rahul Mahajan 53). Navroz 110- 9 decl. (B Bandiwadekar 37, R More 5-40, D Modi 4-28) drew with Borivali 48-2. Catholic Gym 113-6 decl. (A Malvankar 33, O Raikar 32) bt Dahisar Youngsters 69 (D Bharadia 44; Z Bipin 4-10) &amp; 56-5 on first innings.Division 'G': Gallant 66 (Rohit Bhalla 8-19) bt Canara Vijay38 (R Shedge 4-9). Bhama 155-7 decl. (R Joshi 36; N Nandoskar 5-32) drew with Mahim Juveniles 87 (M Bhamane 40, N Ambolkar34; S Mistry 3-13). Bharat 155-7 decl. (A Gadre 48, P Belcheda 37; S Dewali 3-48) drew with GSB Sabha 46-6. Rizvi 91 (R Pai 3-8, M Naik 3-28) and 63-5 (Desai 3-9) bt Gamdevi 59 (Santosh Sampat 7-25) on the first innings. Kurla Sports 143-9 decl. (S Rahul 37, S Shelke32, K Patil 31; Ajit Rodriges 4-47) drew with United 111-9 (S Gupta 5-33). Elphinstone 92 (S Kambli 4-11, S Sargar 3-31) and 10-1 lost to Maharashtra Young 100-4 decl. ((D Sameer 30). New Amrit 141-9 decl. bt Park 65 and 36-3 on the first innings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15413520", "title": "Shoot and upload your civic woe on corporation site", "text": "CHENNAI: Soon you will have another reason to reach for the smartphone in your pocket while on the road. Chennai Corporation wants you to publish your civic grievance by uploading on its website (www.chennaicorporation.gov.in), photographs of garbage piles, potholes and broken drains.The decision comes after severe criticism from the public about the civic body's apathy to civic complaints. Corporation commissioner D Karthikeyan said the idea was to react quickly to complaints from the public. \"We are planning to provide facilities under e-governance to resolve civic woes. The residents will be able to upload pictures through their mobile phones directly onto the corporation website. It will give us feedback and help us closely monitor civic works across the city,\" the commissioner said.People uploading photographs should mention the place, date and time. The uploaded pictures would be monitored by a team of officials using a central server. Officials said these pictures will be forwarded to the respective departments and zonal offices. This will help them closely monitor the civic problems.A senior corporation official said: \"If there is a picture, then we will be able to know the gravity of the issue. It will also help the citizens track the progress of their complaints and know who is looking into them. If the complaint is not attended to within a stipulated time, then it would be automatically forwarded to higher officials.\"Many have welcomed the move. \"Several foreign countries allowing citizens to upload pictures through mobile phones. Uploading a picture is equivalent to a hundred complaints. It is also convenient for the citizens,\" said social media expert Kiruba Shankar.Officials said there were also plans to open a Facebook page for the corporation. However, the civic body's Twitter account (www.twitter.com/Chennaicorp) is no longer active. It has 1,917 followers, but the last update was in June last year.The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) uses a pothole-tracking system to keep close tabs on repair work, engineers, contractors and ward officials. The BMC had launched its portal www.voiceofcitizen.com to help residents upload images of potholes.The corporation has a complaint cell (1913) and an online redressal system to accept complaints on streetlights, storm water drains and garbage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15415762", "title": "Freida wants torrid scenes deleted for home", "text": "The actress' anxiety over the intimate scenes in Trishna pushes producer Bohra to create two versions of the filmPerhaps while shooting for it, Freida Pinto failed to realise how hot the lovemaking scenes between her and coactor Riz Ahmed in Trishna would eventually turn out. And thus, after watching the rushes of the film, the actress developed cold feet. The actress believes that the torrid scenes may not go down well with the more conservative audiences of her home country. We now believe that the producers have decided to present two different versions of the film in English and in Hindi to the Censor Board of Film Certification.According to an insider, Freida is very anxious about the graphic scenes and hopes that they won't be shown to Indian audiences.Producer Sunil Bohra told TOI, \"The dubbed Hindi version to be screened for the censor board will have the love scenes mellowed down. I can't remove them altogether since they carry the story forward. The English version will however, have the scenes intact. Abroad, the censor rules are more liberal regarding such intimate scenes.\"When asked whether there was any pressure from his leading lady Freida, to reduce the intimate content, Bohra simply added, \"We'll do what has to be done.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15413054", "title": "Soon, computer-savvy staff in schools", "text": "PANAJI: The directorate of education (DoE) has issued a circular asking high schools to conduct a computer course of at least four weeks for its teaching and non-teaching staff, and to ensure that they are well-versed with the basics of computers within six months. Teachers will then have to make use of audio-visual aids in teaching.School heads have been asked to conduct the classes for its staff every day with theory and practical sessions. The computer class will have to be for a minimum of one hour and will have to be conducted beyond school or teaching hours 'without affecting regular classes'.\"The headmaster of every school shall conduct computer awareness and preliminary software classes compulsorily for its teaching and non-teaching staff. The class shall be conducted by the school computer teacher. The course content shall be formulated by the headmaster and the computer teacher as per requirement,\" the circular reads.At the end of the teaching session, the computer teacher will conduct a test and grade the staff. \"Staff who fail to pass the test will have to undergo training again and appear for the test in two weeks. In the event that a staff member is computer literate, he or she may choose not to attend the classes but will have to appear for the test and be graded,\" the circular statesHeadmasters have been asked to send a detailed report on the date of start of the classes and the number of staff enrolled, to the DoE in August. A compliance report stating names and grades will also have to be sent to the director of education on or before November 30, 2012.If an institute has primary or any other teaching section attached to its premises, the DoE has asked for the staff of those sections also to be allowed to avail the facility.The circular by the directorate states that the use of audio visual, computer software and internet tools to impart education becomes vital in implementation of the Right to Education Act, 2009, as it endorses the continuous comprehensive evaluation method.\"The directorate of education had provided interest free-loans for laptops to its staff. The headmaster shall ensure that all those teachers who have availed of the facility make use of laptops for teaching and in various school activities as found appropriate by the principal,\" the circular states.Schools have also been instructed that the computer course should at least contain the minimum syllabus of basic knowledge of computer hardware and software, usage of operating systems like Windows or Linux , creating email accounts, internet use, sending and receiving emails, use of word processors, spreadsheets and audio visual presentation software.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "tumkur", "code": "15413129", "title": "7 Swayam Krishi men held for cheating people", "text": "TUMKUR: Police have arrested eight men of an investment agency who allegedly cheated villagers of several thousands of rupees by promising to double their investments. They have also recovered Rs1 lakh from the accused.The arrests followed complaints of cheating against the accused by 400 villagers from Pavagadu taluk.The accused floated Swayam Krishi Chit Fund Company and collected about Rs5 lakh from the villagers. No receipts or bonds were issued to the investors. When asked for receipt, the accused went missing and their phones were not reachable, investors told police.The arrested were identified as M Murali, N Veerendra Babu, Ramakrishnachari, VN Ramesh, Marae Gowda, Govindaraju and Rajgopal.Police said more people from Pavagada could have made investments in the company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "15412054", "title": "Floods cause extensive damage in Arunachal", "text": "ITANAGAR: Recent flashfloods triggered by heavy rainfall in the upper reaches has badly affected paddy fields, horticulture gardens, fish ponds, irrigation channels and water pipelines at Sille, Ruksin, Bilat and Mebo circles in East Siang district of Arunachal Pradesh.Surging water of various rivers and channels created havoc at various places in the district and left a trail of devastation by eroding river banks, flood-control dykes, irrigation systems and damaged paddy nurseries, besides damaging PWD and link roads.The affected people of the flood-hit areas alleged that so far no proper relief and rehabilitation measures have been undertaken despite the authorities being informed of the situation. Moreover, the authorities have not yet initiated long-term flood-control measures in the areas even after observing the situation during the past years.\"Since the people of the flood-hit areas are economically backward and are fully dependent on agriculture and other allied farming activities, they need assistance from the authorities to meet the heavy losses. But the government's apathy is adding to the rural farmers' woes,\" lamented some of the affected people.According to reports, flashfloods inundated about 3,500 hectare of crop land resulting in loss of 8,400 MT foodgrain. This caused a loss of Rs 6.72 crore in the agriculture sector, while fisheries lost Rs 5.35 crore. As such, the restructuring cost is estimated at Rs 2.17 crore in water supply, Rs 9.6 crore in the Public Works Department and Rs 30.54 crore in the water resource department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "15412987", "title": "PMC revamps composting units in Ponda", "text": "PONDA: Following the people's opposition to the various sites chosen by the Ponda Municipal Council (PMC) to dispose of garbage, the council on Wednesday revamped its composting units which had been abandoned for the last three years.The civic body has now cleaned all the 10 units in the 10 wards of the 13-wardtown. PMC chief officer Pradeep Naik said that this was only a temporary arrangement and may continue even after the PMC's proposed 30 metric tonne garbage treatment plant at Kerye in Khandepar village is completed.The temple town generates about 5MT of garbage per day and the municipality has decided to use the composting units to dispose of the bio-degradable waste in them. \"Non bio-degradable waste such as plastic bags and bottles would be recycled,\" a PMC official said, adding, \"We have decided to rope in some casual labour to sort out the garbage at the site.\"On Monday, a group of locals from Usgao had deflated the tyres of the council's truck that was loaded with garbage to be dumped in a plot at Mharvasaddo in Usgao at midnight.A civic body official said that the PMC is currently facing hardship in disposing of garbage within its jurisdiction as the site where the council was previously dumping garbage has withdrawn permission for the same. Thus, the PMC sought permission from a private land owner at Mharvasaddo, Usgao, to dump its garbage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15412265", "title": "Italy cites MEA's 1983 files, frowns at marines' trial", "text": "NEW DELHI: In another twist to the high-voltage diplomatic tussle over trial of Italian marines for the murder of two Kerala fishermen, Italy on Wednesday cited the Centre's 30-year-old stand in the Supreme Court to question India's jurisdiction to detain and try the naval officers for the alleged offence.Italy's counsel, senior advocate Harish Salve, said the Indian government had in 1983 clarified in the context of United Nations Convention on Law of Sea ( UNCLOS) that the jurisdiction of Indian Penal Code applied to 500 metres from the cost for criminal offences though it did not affect the right of the Coast Guard to apprehend intruders illegally extracting mineral resources from the exclusive economic zone.Salve almost pulled off a stay on the marines' trials by arguing that it was an admitted position that the Italian ship was 20 nautical miles off the Indian coast. \"Given the stand of the Union of India on the application of IPC on territorial waters, it has cast a big question mark over the claim of Kerala government that it had valid jurisdiction to arrest the marines,\" Salve said.He also argued that the Kerala High Court's observations in its judgment that it was a \"clear act of brutal murder\" along with other critical remarks against the accused were sure to prejudice the trial and was able to convince a bench of Justices Altamas Kabir and J Chelameswar that it was a fit case where the trial should be stayed till the apex court decided the issue of jurisdiction.The bench took strong exception to the HC's remark that it was a case of brutal murder and said it was concerned with such observations when the trial was pending against the two marines, who were arrested for the February 15 shooting of two fishermen.Additional solicitor general Indira Jaising said once the FIR disclosed an offence, the courts generally refrained from quashing the FIR, which was sought by Italy. \"A stay on trial should not be granted as the high court has returned a clear finding that the state police had jurisdiction to investigate the crime,\" she said.When the court was unconvinced, she said the government was only seeking a little more time to find out in what circumstances the ministry of external affairs had issued the clarification in 1983. It was met with a stoic response from the bench, \"You take four weeks to find out why it was issued. Meanwhile, there will be a stay on the trial.\"Kerala's counsel Ramesh Babu said the marines were already on bail and charges had not yet been framed against them. \"So, even if the trial proceeded, there was little chance of it concluding and prejudicially affecting the accused,\" he said.With Jaising renewing her request for time to find out in what circumstances the clarification on IPC applicability was issued in 1983, the bench posted the matter for further hearing on August 16.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "15411599", "title": "Yamuna e-way farmers call off agitation", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Farmers in villages along the Yamuna Expressway suspended their agitation that was to begin on Wednesday after Authority officials met them and assured that their demand of free access on the speedway would soon be put before the state government. Farmers had threatened to disrupt the opening ceremony slated for Thursday.The farmers, under the umbrella of Rastriya Kisan Union, were to begin their agitation from Jewar tehsil demanding free access on the expressway and construction of service roads and interchanges. Farmers said that only 15km of service roads starting from 'zero point' have been constructed along the 165km expressway. The farmer group said that there are 135 villages that fall in Jewar tehsil. Another 120 villages come under the Sadar tehsil. Villages in Jewar tehsil are most affected as Chapargarh village is the last village of Sadar tehsil.An Authority official, on the condition of anonymity, said that lack of service roads were another reason for the state government to delay opening of the expressway.When the delegation of Yamuna Expressway Authority and district administration met farmers, seven demands were tabled before them, including free access on the expressway and immediate construction of service roads and interchanges. \"Due to monsoon, beginning of construction of services roads and interchanges will not be easy, but we will begin work soon,\" said Yamuna Expressway Authority ACEO, HK Verma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15412012", "title": "Abhishek Verma, wife get bail, re-arrested in fresh case", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI on Wednesday registered a fresh case against alleged arms-dealer Abhishek Verma and his Romanian wife Anca Neacsu for 'writing' a letter to the Prime Minister on a forged letterhead of then MoS for home Ajay Maken seeking easing of business visa norms in 2009.The registration of a fresh case by the CBI led to arrest of the couple again in the court, minutes after they were granted bail in a separate corruption case involving their alleged bid to influence unknown officials to stall a government's move to blacklist a Swiss arms manufacturing firm.Earlier on Tuesday, the agency had failed to file charge sheet against the couple in the corruption case within the stipulated period of 60 days, which became a ground for the duo to secure bail on Wednesday. However, as soon as the court granted them bail on furnishing a bail bond of Rs 10 lakh each, the CBI told the court that they wanted to arrest the couple in the fresh case. The court remanded the couple back in judicial custody for a day.The Enforcement Directorate (ED) also moved the court for its permission to arrest the couple in a money laundering case registered against them. The court, however, only allowed the ED to interrogate Verma and his wife in Tihar Jail itself and said the agency may arrest, if required. ED's plea was opposed by the couple's counsel Vijay Aggarwal, who argued that the court should not permit the arrest of the accused to help the investigation.Acting on Maken's complaint that the letter was forged, CBI registered a fresh case against Verma under Section 469 of the IPC which relates to forgery for purpose of harming reputation, agency sources said. The agency also slapped charges for violation of Information Technology Act and Prevention of Corruption Act in the fresh case, they said.CBI sources also claimed that \"more FIRs could be registered soon against Verma in several documents received from his former business partner C Edmond Allen\".Allen, estranged business associate of Verma, had sent a tranche of documents to the CBI and the defence ministry, which included a letter 'written' on the forged letterhead of Maken. Verma and Allen, chairman of Ganton, areentangled in several litigations against each other in India and the US.CBI found that the letter without Maken's signature was allegedly used to impress Verma's clients and show his influence in the corridors of power, sources said. The tranche received by the CBI has a letter from one of its' then SP which was also found to be forged, they alleged.The letter on Maken's forged letterhead was part of alleged dealings between Verma's front company Ganton and a Chinese telecom firm working closely with MTNL and BSNL, they said.Acting on the home ministry's directive in 2009 that asked foreign nationals, who were not having appropriate visa to return to their countries by October 31, 2009, the telecom firm had sought a two-month extension of the deadline, CBI sources said. Verma, through Ganton India, allegedly offered to get this done \"at a price,\" they said. He allegedly attached a 'draft letter' on the letterhead of Maken to buttress his claims, they added. The letter had requested the PM to take a reasonable view on the visa issue as there were around \"60,000 such personnel on business visa working in various projects\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15411592", "title": "Take a fresh stand on dahi handi venue row: Bombay high court", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Wednesday directed the Kalyan Dombivli Municipal commissioner to take a fresh decision on holding dahi handi celebrations at Kanoji Jedhe ground in Dombivli.While hearing a dispute between two political groups staking claim to organize the event, a division bench of Justices Sharad Bobade and Mridula Bhatkar quashed the commissioner's order allowing one of the groups Samarth Mandal, led by local MP Anand Paranjpe, to hold the event at the ground.The other group, led by Sena workers, opposed the decision. The court termed as \"arbitrary\" the commissioner's decision to initially reject applications of both the groups, but subsequently giving permission to one of them.\"There should not be any conflict and it should not matter who is organizing a religious festival. Everyone should participate with peace and devotion,\" said the judges. \"There should not be a single untoward incident,\" they added.For the last couple of years, Sena MP Anand Paranjpe had been organizing the event. Following reports that Paranjpe was edging closer to NCP, the local Sena this time sought permission to organize the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "15413602", "title": "House break-ins galore, police vigil proves inadequate", "text": "TRICHY: Looks like nothing can stop burglars from looting houses in KK Nagar area in the city. Even after a series of house break-ins in the area, police have not been able to make any headway in cracking cases.A thief struck at a house for the second time last night in the last 10 days. A certain Kousalya from Thondaman Colony in KK Nagar area lodged a complaint with the KK Nagar police on Wednesday stating that a thief attempted to enter her house by breaking the window panes on Tuesday night when she was sleeping. As she triggered an alarm, he fled. This was the second attack on the same house in 10 days. On July 27, some thieves broke open the main gate and entered the house when Kousalya and her husband were away. As there were no gold ornaments at home, the thieves decamped with cash. While investigations are underway on the first complaint, the second complaint from the same resident has become a headache for the police.\"In spite of shortage of staff, our policemen are patrolling the area to control thefts. We have sought additional strength to intensify vigil,\" P Suresh, inspector of police, KK Nagar station, told TOI.\"There are 220 streets from Rockfort Colony to LIC Colony in KK Nagar area. Thieves target Krishnamoorthy Nagar and Edamalaipatti Pudur as they can make an easy entry and exit through a four-way track. We need cooperation from the people to crack down on culprits. No breakthrough was made in recent house break-ins,\" a policeman said.In yet another incident, thieves decamped with silver products weighing around one kg and silk saris from the residence of retired agriculture employee Krishnasamy (62) in Irattai Vaikkal, Woraiyur, Trichy. The burglary took place a few days back when their families went to Bangalore. After returning home on Tuesday night, they found their house broken and the valuables stolen. Krishnasamy lodged a complaint with the police.\"Close on the heels of the recent break-ins, residents of Krishnamoorthy Nagar are mulling providing whistles to as many as 250 houses in their colony to alert police in case of movement of unknown persons. But they should ensure their children do not create a nuisance. I suggest they fix cameras on their streets and connect it to all houses in the area to keep a watch in their area,\" said inspector Suresh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15412839", "title": "HC notice to VC on Mishra's plea", "text": "NAGPUR: The high court here on Wednesday served notice to Nagpur University vice-chancellor Vilas Sapkal on a petition alleging submission of wrong information about his employment to chancellor's office. A division bench of justices Pratap Hardas and MT Joshi asked Sapkal to reply in two weeks.Earlier, assistant commissioner of police filed a reply that they had asked state Higher and Technical Education Department for providing details on Sapkal and were yet to get a reply. However, government pleader informed the court that the department had no information about Sapkal. The court then asked the petitioner Sunil Mishra to add VC as a respondent in the case, indicating it will start final hearing after Sapkal's reply.Citing a RTI document, petitioner Mishra, a convict of NU's infamous Kohchade scam, claimed Sapkal had misled the chancellor's office in Mumbai while applying for VC's job by submitting wrong information about his employment. He had lodged a complaint about this at Malabar Hills police station in Mumbai. Mishra had also accused education secretary and officials from the chancellor's office with not verifying Sapkal's qualifications before appointing him.Appearing in-person, Mishra pointed out that Sapkal had mentioned in his biodata that he had worked with a Mumbai-based company for a couple of years in 1987-88. But documents related to it were not available. Moreover, he claimed to have had a short stint with a German-based Sartorious AG as a technical director, but even documents related to it were not made available to the complainant.An alumnus of LIT, Sapkal took over reins of NU on December 22 in 2011. Sources said Sapkal dared to take out status of 'approved teacher' from Mishra, which his predecessors had failed to do. Secondly, he derecognized many illegally run courses of Central India Institute of Mass Communication (CIIMC), run by Mishra after the government's ultimatum. This led Mishra to file many RTI applications about Sapkal's details and ultimately filing a police complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15414328", "title": "Mail lead to Kanda-Geetika ties?", "text": "NEW DELHI: As investigations in the Geetika Sharma suicide case entered the fourth day on Wednesday, police stumbled upon a personal email in the victim's inbox that suggested intimacy with the sender. Without disclosing the content of the mail, sources said it may have been sent by former Haryana minister Gopal Goyal Kanda, and could prove useful during his questioning.Kanda, till Monday, had maintained that he did not know Geetika personally, and she was just another employee of his MDLR Group.Police have prepared a questionnaire for Kanda and, sources said, its thrust is on his firm's munificence towards a young employee like Geetika. Kanda will be asked about his whereabouts between August 3 and 5, the number of times he spoke to Geetika in a day, his reasons for not calling her from his mobile or official landline numbers, giving her a BMW car to commute in, giving her a share in a school's trust, and accompanying Geetika's parents on vacations . He will also be asked to explain why he gave Geetika Rs 7.5 lakh and what were the papers he wanted her to sign.It has emerged that Kanda and his co-accused Aruna Chaddha visited Dubai at the time Geetika was working with Emirates. Her family has alleged that it was to harass her and compel her to come back and join MDLR Group.Regarding Aruna Chaddha's questioning at Keshavpuram police station on Wednesday , sources said she kept evading police's questions by reading out answers from the notes handed over to her by her lawyer. Subsequently, she was placed under arrest. Sources said Chaddha and MDLR Group's legal adviser Ankit Ahluwalia were questioned separately and then confronted with their respective answers.In the afternoon, the statements of Geetika's brother, Ankit Sharma, and her parents , Dinesh and Anuradha Sharma, were recorded before a magistrate. These will be used against Kanda and Chaddha as evidence. Police also visited Geetika's house in the morning and sought further clarifications.One of the MDLR employees , Mandeep Singh, who was taken for questioning on Tuesday , became a witness for the police and recorded his statement under section 164 CrPC. Three SIM cards used to communicate with Geetika were found to be in his name. A source said this was how Kanda could claim he had not communicated with Geetika in the last two months.Although Wednesday was a busy day in terms of investigation , Geetika's family said they were not satisfied with the probe. They again demanded a CBI investigation. A family member, said, \"We knew Delhi Police will let Kanda off the hook easily or at least give him ample time to prepare his defence. That is why we have been demanding a CBI probe\" . Delhi BJP president Vijendra Gupta visited Geetika's house and spoke to the family. He also demanded a CBI enquiry into the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15413264", "title": "8,000 MBA,MCA seats may remain vacant", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Nearly 8,000 MBA and MCA seats are likely to remain vacant in colleges across the state. There is little chance of another round of admissions taking place given the lack of interest students have shown for these courses.By the end of the second round of admissions on Wednesday when registration was to be done, 1,055 seats had remained vacant. Almost 7,000 seats had remained vacant in the first round.Gujarat Technological University (GTU) authorities have told the college managements not to seek original documents from students enrolling for MBA and MCA courses. Colleges not adhering to this direction would face action. This has been done to help students who had participated in the reshuffling process and were unable to produce the required documents. The colleges will be able to fill the vacant seats only after a government issues a resolution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15413012", "title": "Policy takes a fresh look at fresh mining", "text": "PORVORIM: The state government, through the department of mines and geology, shall constitute an expert panel to determine the optimum level of fresh mining that can be undertaken in Goa. Pending this panel study, no fresh public hearings shall take place for environmental clearance of mining projects.This and other seemingly environmentally-sensitive paragraphs fill the Draft Mining Policy (Major Minerals) 2012, introduced in the assembly on the last day of the monsoon session.\"To reduce the ecological damage from fresh mining of iron ore by reducing fresh mining until an expert panel provides a detailed report on the optimum quantum for fresh mining,\" states the freshly-tabled policy. It adds, \"No new prospecting licences or mining leases to be granted until a report by experts is in place with regards to impact of such leases on the environment.\"Chief minister Manohar Parrikar said the policy will be open for objections and suggestions till September 10, 2012. \"I am open to add suggestions from the public on this policy,\" he told the House.The policy states that mining leases with deemed extension status-renewal applications will be decided within four months.It is firm that mines abolished in 1987 by way of the Abolition of Mining Concessions Act, will be completely abolished. And leases granted in violation of laws/rules, including by condonation of delay without any power to do so, will be terminated and closed down.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15417603", "title": "Acclaimed singers on Coke Studio", "text": "The stage is set with Karsh kale, Shruti Pathak, Benny Dayal , Salim Merchant and more.This week, Coke Studio@MTV Season 2 will see Music Producer Karsh Kale and his set of musicians embark on a musical journey that is intriguing and takes music lovers to another level. The lineup will see a mix of acclaimed and upcoming singers like Shilpa Rao, Monali Thakur, Shruti Pathak, Warren Mendonsa, Nigel Rajaratnam, Apeksha Dandekar, Benny Dayal, Ajay Prasanna, Sabir Khan, Ravi Chary, Salim Merchant, Jai Row Kavi, and Mandeep Sethi come together to dole out original compositions which will keep the audiences glued to their television sets.Watch out for Glorious: This track grew organically from the rehearsal space based on a basic melodic structure by Karsh. It talks about everyday life and the trials involved. It urges one to step back periodically to question oneself and see where one's headed.The highlight of the Episode is Peekaboo: This is a song about separation and missing one's lover. It talks about the pain of staying apart and the anxiety it brings. Peekaboo stands for the lovers finding each other by chance and their attempt then to try and ascertain the depth of love felt by the other.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15412363", "title": "Centre nod for tiger safari in Ranthambhore", "text": "JAIPUR: A tiger safari may soon be launched at the Ranthambhore tiger reserve with the big cats in large enclosures for the tourists to see them easily. The Centre has in principal agreed for the proposal.\"We had sent a proposal in this regard to the Centre and the clearance India has arrived,\" state tourism, forest and environment minister Bina Kak said. The minister on Tuesday also apprised members of the state wildlife board of the Centre's response during its meeting.The state's move follows a recent Supreme Court directive banning tiger tourism in core areas for reserves. The state had first mooted a tiger reserve in 2006 but it was abandoned midway. This time however, after the Supreme Court directives, the state quickly followed up on the proposal so as to ensure that tiger tourism remains alive in Rajasthan.\"The safari will be in the critical tiger habitat of Ranthamblore. We will move old or injured tigers in the enclosure so that they can be taken care of well. It will be a safe haven for them. At the same time, tourists will also get a chance to see them. For example, Machli, the most popular tigress in Ranthambhore, can be moved here. She's got old and is not able to hunt on own her own anymore,\" Kak added.The Safari would also help take away some tigers from the nearly over-populated Ranthambhore national park and reduce territorial fights. Currently, there are about 52 tigers in the reserve. \"Often when tigers stray away from the forest, we have to tranquilise and then relocate them back to the forest. But after the safari comes up, we may put them back in the enclosure,\" she said.Officials said the nitty gritty of the safari is yet to be finalised. \"First we have to chalk out the exact area where we want to built the enclosure and the area it would involve, only then can we decide on its cost or other specifics,\" an official said.However, as per the earlier plans of the safari, huge enclosures were to be made in which tigers from Ranthambhore were to be allowed to roam freely. The enclosure will then have three pathways - two for visitors and the third only to be used by the forest department.Tourists will be ferried in by either jeep or Canter vehicles. The safari was planned then to avoid territorial fights which can often be quite violent leaving the tiger to starve for days.Wildlife board meetingThe state wildlife board cleared a number of proposals in its meeting on Tuesday. Sources informed that primarily it was about power transmission lines that were coming from Madhya Pradesh over the Chambal river. \"We have instructed officials that the transmission lines should be high enough so that birds, crocodiles or alligators are not affected in any way,\" Bina Kak said. She further said the state has received Rs 26 crore for the relocation of villages from Ranthambhore.The minister, however, took a strong note during the meeting that the notification for a chowki near the Chandlai lake has not yet been implemented. The chowki is to help tourists who often come there to see migratory birds at the lake. She was also irked as not much progress had been made in the leopard conservation reserve in Pali.The meeting also decided to expedite the process to declare about 18 to 20 conservation reserves in various parts of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15416386", "title": "Google talks about future of search", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a post on the company's official blog, Amit Singhal, the man responsible for the search engine at Google, announced a bevy of new features that he said would make \"search even more intelligent.\"Beginning the post, Singhal said that when he was kid growing up in India, he had a dream. \"It (a perfect search engine) is very much like the computer I dreamt about as a child growing up in India, glued to our black-and-white TV for every episode of Star Trek. I imagined a future where a starship computer would be able to answer any question I might ask, instantly,\" he wrote. \"Today, we're closer to that dream than I ever thought possible during my working life.\"On Wednesday night, Google said that its Knowledge Graph, a feature that it rolled out in the US in May, would be available to Google search users across the world if they are using English to input their query. Singhal wrote on his blog that knowledge graph uses a database of more than 500 million real-world people, places and things with 3.5 billion attributes and connections among them.Instead of giving users search results, with knowledge graph Google hopes to offer answers. \"By combining our Knowledge Graph with the collective wisdom of the web, we can even provide more subjective lists like 'best action movies of the 2000s' or 'things to do in Paris',\" wrote Singhal.Google also announced that if users want now, they could search the web and their Gmail at the same time. At the moment, the feature is a sort of experiment and to access it users will have to specially sign up for it. Singhal wrote, \"Sometimes the best answer to your question isn't available on the public web\u2014it may be contained somewhere else, such as in your email... Starting today, we're opening up a limited trial where you can sign up to get information from your Gmail right from the search box.\"At an event in san Francisco, Google revealed that its spiders crawl 20 billion web pages daily and that it serves over 100 billion search queries every month.In his blog post, Singhal also revealed that soon the company will launch an app similar to Google Now, which is available on Android phones running version 4.1 or Jelly Bean, on Apple's iPhone and iOS. Google Now, if permitted, uses a person's search history and GPS coordinates to give useful nuggets of information even before it is searched. For example, if information is available, Google Now can tell a user when the next train would arrive as soon as he reaches the station, even if he had not searched for it.With the help of Knowledge Graph, Google Now can also provide answers and talk back to smartphone users. Siri, Apple's intelligent virtual assistant, also has this feature. \"These are baby steps, but important ones on our way to building the search engine of the future,\" wrote Singhal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15413514", "title": "Exemption to Lokayukta opposed", "text": "LUCKNOW: RTI activists on Wednesday submitted a memorandum at the Governor's office opposing the government's decision to exempt the Lokayukta office from the ambit of the Right to Information (RTI) Act. The activists alleged that it would weaken the institution of Lokayukta. \"Lokayukta is not an investigation or intelligence agency so it can not be exempted under RTI,\" said RTI activist Urvashi Sharma.On the other hand, UP 'soochna adhikar abhiyan samiti' of National Alliance of People's Movement said the exemption of Lokayukta from the purview of RTI Act is illegal. The speakers were of the view that Lokayukta is a quasi judicial body and not a security or investigation agency like CBI. Besides, Lokayukta's proceedings are civil proceedings and not criminal proceedings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15416226", "title": "Medal winners wait for 1 hr to meet minister", "text": "AHMEDABAD:12 state yoga players who won medals at an international yoga competition had to wait for more than an hour to meet the sports minister at the state secretariat in Gandhinagar due to security reasons.The group was among 250 participants from 14 nations who took part at the Second International Yoga Championship in Hong Kong on August 4 and 5. From India, 98 participated, of which 12 were from Gujarat, including nine girls.An official in the sports ministers office said that the office is located on the same premises where chief minister Narendra Modi sits. \"There was a miscommunication with the sportspersons, hence the delay in allowing them to meet the minister. This was sorted out after former sports minister Mahendra Trivedi's PA called up to say that they have been waiting outside for long. Once we received the message, we ensured that they were brought in immediately\".Among the winners is eight-year-old Dhwani Ranawhogot who won a gold. One of the participants who did not want to be named said,\"Its been a long wait outside the ministers office. We understand the delay due to security, but there should have been some consideration if you have won medals for your country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15412319", "title": "Assam violence polarizes House", "text": "NEW DELHI: The volatile debate in both Houses of Parliament on Wednesday on the continuing conflagration in Assam cast the spotlight on \"illegal\" immigration and the sharp divide it has caused in the state.Allegations of ethnic cleansing and demographic change marked the sharp exchanges with representatives of Muslim outfits crossing swords with tribal leaders.In the Lok Sabha , government business was suspended to take up the issue through an adjournment motion moved by BJP leader L K Advani , which was shot down by a voice vote after a five-hour debate.The debate is significant as illegal immigration from Bangladesh, which had great traction in the 1980s and the 1990s, had appeared to have lost its salience in Assam. However, the current round of violence has belied the assessment that Assam was at ease with the new demographic normal where Muslims are in the majority in several districts of the state.The debate also brought to the fore fears that the large-scale immigration is a threat to the indigenous people of Assam and their way of life.S Bwiswamuthiary of Bodoland Peoples' Front objected to the term ethnic cleansing bandied about by Muslim leaders and contended that the unrest in the region was due to \"blatant kind of aggression by illegal hostile Bangladeshi immigrants\". He pointed out that earlier, the tribal belts and blocks in Assam were restricted for outsiders.The member said the population of the Bodoland Territorial Area District was 30 lakh out of which indigenous people comprised 60% and the rest were non-Bodo communities.Bwiswamuthiary said that if the Centre did not check illegal migration from Bangladesh, there would soon be a Bangladesh-occupied Assam on the lines of Pakistan-occupied Kashmir.His colleague Biswajit Daimary alleged that foreign forces were creating problems in Assam and the northeast.Saugata Roy of Trinamool Congress opposed the adjournment motion moved by Advani accusing him of constantly harping on the problem of illegal immigration and not referring to the people who have been uprooted from their home and hearth. \"The tone and tenor of Advani's speech will lead to further provocation of violence,\" he said, urging the House to \"reject lock, stock and barrel\" the adjournment motion.Roy, who is minister of state for urban development, took a swipe at Advani saying that he was losing the sharpness he had displayed during his tenure as home minister in the NDA regime. The Trinamool leader contended that perhaps the BJP distancing itself from Advani had made him stray off from his line of thought.Balbir Punj of BJP, who initiated the discussion in the Rajya Sabha, demanded that infiltrators from Bangladesh should be declared \"stateless persons, disfranchised and debarred from owning properties in the state\", a remark which drew sharp criticism from the treasury benches.Responding to charges that Congress allowed illegal immigration from Bangladesh, Bhubaneswar Kalita said he was \"pained\" to listen to what Punj spoke. \"What message do you want to send? To divide people or unite people? To divide people in distress in terms of religion should not be our approach. We should help the state administration, the people to promote peace. That should be the aim of every political party,\" the Congress leader said.In Lok Sabha, home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde said a comprehensive security plan had been chalked out to provide fool proof security to the affected population. \"104 fixed police pickets have been proposed in the vulnerable villages of which 99 have been established. They have been given responsibility of ensuring security for the affected villages,\" he said.Shinde said leaders from both Bodo and non-Bodo communities have been asked to intervene to restore normalcy. \"The central government is providing all possible assistance to the government of Assam,\" he said.Times ViewThe political debate on the violence on Assam is likely to centre around the issue of 'illegal migrants'. Whatever the merits of either side of that argument, the administration needs to focus on a much more urgent task - enforcing law and order now. It cannot allow ethnic cleansing to be used as a method to 'solve' the issue and it cannot be a silent spectator to the large scale murder of the residents of the state. The Assam government and police must act immediately to halt the violence and to bring all those indulging in it to book. In this, they must not be influenced by which community the perpetrators of the violence belong to and whether or not they have a legitimate grievance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15413005", "title": "BBMP staff strike, civic chaos looms over Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: Civic administration in the city came to a halt on Wednesday as 12,000 employees of the Bruhat Bangalore Mahanagara Palike (BBMP) stopped work. The agitation was in protest against the alleged interference of the Bangalore Metropolitan Task Force (BMTF) in BBMP's work.With the employees' union threatening to continue with the protest, a catastrophe of sorts stares at the city: garbage mounds are likely to pile up, posing serious health hazards, especially dengue.There were complaints of garbage not being lifted in several areas as pourakarmikas, too, struck work in solidarity with their colleagues.BBMP headquarters at Narasimha Raja Square remained shut, so were its 287 help centres, 18 citizen centres and zonal offices, causing inconvenience to the public.BBMP personnel are upset with the BMTF booking criminal cases against engineers based on complaints from the public, allegedly without conducting any inquiry.\"If our work is disturbed, it is the residents who will have to bear the inconvenience. Our work is hampered by continuous interference from the BMTF. The government should urgently solve the crisis,\" said MK Shankarlinge Gowda, commissioner, BBMP.\"About 156 engineers are facing problems from the BMTF as cases have been booked against them based on complaints from the public. Without even cross-checking facts, BMTF has gone ahead and filed chargesheets. We don't report to BMTF, but to the BBMP commissioner. We will not stop our protest till the charges are withdrawn,' said R Subramanyam, president, BBMP Employees' Association.The BBMP workers' strike affected officials of higher echelons too. Several IAS officers deputed with the civic body, too, could not attend office as their personnel staff did not turn up for work.Salma K Fahim, joint commissioner (welfare, education wing) said she could not reach office as her driver did not report to work.'It's legality vs criminality'BMTF IGP RP Sharma said investigations by his force were in accordance with directives from the magistrate courts.\"It's a fight between legality and criminality. We are not targeting BBMP alone. There have been complaints against the BBMP, revenue department, BDA and public who have encroached upon government land. We are investigating 120 cases on directives from magistrate courts. Nineteen chargesheets have been filed and 15 of them pertain to the BBMP,\" he said.\"The court said there was sufficient material to be investigated in those cases. I will continue to investigate. I have always kept the BBMP commissioner and principal secretary (urban development) in the loop,\" Sharma asserted.Sharma could not visit his chambers in the BBMP headquarters on Wednesday. \"It's not safe either for me or my staff to work here. I have brought the issue to the notice of the intelligence bureau and police commissioner,\" said Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15413543", "title": "Shivpal Yadav accuses BSP leader Rs 1 crore 'theft' in co-op department", "text": "LUCKNOW: State cooperatives minister Shivpal Yadav on Wednesday accused Bahujan Samaj Party leader Swami Prasad Maurya of orchestrating a \"theft\" of Rs 1 crore from the accounts of the state cooperatives department. The money, Yadav alleged, was used by Maurya to purchase cars for his assembly election campaign.Yadav was speaking at a press conference on various development initiatives undertaken by the cooperative department. He said officials have been asked to hold a detailed inquiry and the guilty would be brought to book soon. Quoting a preliminary report filed by Gorakhpur divisional commissioner PK Mohanty in June 2009, the minister said a draft of Rs 50 lakh was issued by the Lucknow headquarters of UP Cooperative Federation Limited (PCF) for distribution to farmers in Kushinagar. Though the draft was in the name of PCF's District Purchase account, it was allegedly stolen from the PCF district office in Gorakhpur. According to Mohanty's report, a fake account for PCF was then opened in Purvanchal Gramin Bank in Pipiganj, Gorakhpur, where the draft was credited. Soon after, the money was distributed, the report suggests, to different fake persons.Yadav said a similar incident of a misplaced draft of Rs 50 lakh, which was later encashed, was also reported from Ballia. He said: \"Two cars have been seized. These drafts went missing when Maurya was cooperatives minister. Money that the farmers would have used to buy wheat was instead used to fund the minister's cars. We have conducted an inquiry but clearly, the main accused has not been caught.''Apart from drawing daggers at political archrival, Yadav also spoke about the development initiatives undertaken by the cooperatives department. Saying that he had taken up the issue of fertiliser availability in the state with the Central government as well as the ministers, Yadav also issued a veiled threat saying, \"right now we have requested, if UP's demands are not met, we will build pressure.''The minister added that 21 out of the 25 defunct cooperative societies for loan and grain distribution have been revived under the present government. Yadav said: \"I have spoken to the Reserve Bank of India and NABARD officials and assured them that the banks will settle their dues within the next one year.''Yadav, who also holds the charge of irrigation department, said he has been touring the state to assess the flood situation. \"I have asked to meet the Nepal government where four dams are under construction. If we can engage with the government in this regard, we can be better prepared to tackle the release of water, when it is done,'' he said.Demanding impartial inquiry into the allegations, Swami Prasad Maurya later told reporters that he is ready to go jail and retire from politics if charges are found to be true. At the same time Maurya said Shivpal should also be ready to go to jail for character assassination if allegations were proved wrong.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15412126", "title": "\u2018Cholti Bangla\u2019 finally gets a grammar guide", "text": "KOLKATA: Colloquial Bengali, or 'cholti Bangla', is now grammatically correct.The standard form of the language \u2014 spoken and written by Bengalis in Kolkata and around the world but forever deemed inferior by the puritanical patrons of 'shuddho Bangla' \u2014 has officially risen from \"pedestrian\" to \"proper\" and got its first rulebook over a century after icons like Rabindranath Tagore campaigned for it.'Promit Bangla Bhashar Byakaran' (Grammar for Colloquial or Standard Bengali) is appropriately a Kolkata-Dhaka collaboration. The two-volume edition, published by the Bangla Academy of Dhaka and the Bangladeshi government, has been jointly edited by Rafiqul Islam, the Bangladeshi linguist, and Pabitra Sarkar, the Bengali language expert from Kolkata.\"For years, the Bengali language saw a tussle between the protagonists of chaste and pure Bengali, or 'shuddho Bangla', and the more commonly used colloquial or 'cholti' Bangla,\" Sarkar told TOI on Wednesday. \"The former felt the written word should have a higher pedestal and should sound more formal than the pedestrian spoken form. On the other hand, the greatest practitioners of literature since the late 19th century started thinking and writing otherwise,\" he added.It was as early as 1901 that the Bangiya Sahitya Parishad organized a seminar demanding that all prose be written in the colloquial or standard Bengali that people speak. In 1913, Sukumar Ray started a movement of sorts when he started publishing 'Sandesh' in colloquial Bengali.The movement was carried forward by the genius of Pramatha Chaudhuri, whose trendsetting magazine 'Sabuj Patra' was also published in colloquial Bengali, starting a movement of sorts. Tagore, Haraprasad Shashtri, Deveshwar Pande and Ramendra Shankar Trivedi became pallbearers of this movement.Tagore, in his 'Bangla Bhasha Parichay', tried to draw an outline of the rules governing standard spoken Bengali as a distinct language. Similar efforts were made by Bangladeshi scholars in the'30s and '40s but they encountered a problem as the dialects of Dhaka, Chittagong, Sylhet and other provinces were at loggerheads with each other. It was at this time that Bangladeshi writers like Kazi Abdul Odud and Abul Fazl began campaigning for the colloquial Bengali spoken in Kolkata as the standard form of the language.\"Remember, we are talking about a time when we were one and when the capital of the country was Kolkata. Naturally, a lot of importance was attached, even by the Muslim writers of Bangladesh, to the language that was practiced in the capital,\" Sarkar explained.The grammar book traces the development of standard Bengali through the ages, ever since the language started forming in the 5th century. A lot of importance has been attached to the way words are pronounced. The scholars have taken care to explain why, in many cases, even if the spelling of a certain word indicates a certain pronunciation pattern, it is actually pronounced differently. \"English does not allow shifting of elements in a sentence, but Bengali does. Which is why it allows the use of repetitions like 'jete jete'(going) or 'ghumiye ghumiye' (sleeping). This stresses continuity while a sentence is being said,\" said Rajib Chakraborty, a city-based scholar of the Natural Language Training and Research Institute, who was also involved in the project.The book also explains why in colloquial Bengali the vowel often changes with the verb remaining the same. Thus, a sentence like, 'aamar chhatrera khub bhalo kaaj korchhe' can also be written or said as 'khub bhalo kaaj korche aamar chatrera'.Other anomalies of the standard Bengali in its syntax, sentence construction to ensure brevity have also been explained.\"I congratulate the effort. We needed a grammar for the language that we practise. While we automatically tend to do it, we do not often follow the rules that go behind such constructions. However, a scientific explanation by linguists will only help enrich the language,\" said writer Shirshendu Mukhopadhyay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15411462", "title": "New CBSE test for Std IX students from this session", "text": "NAGPUR: The Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) has decided to hold a mandatory multiple choice questions (MCQ) test for Std IX from the ongoing academic session. Its scores will be counted in the final marks.The Problem Solving Assessment (CBSE-PSA) will be an analytical reasoning test and its scores will be made part of the fourth Formative Assessment (FA-IV) which comprises 10% of the total marks in Std IX. The FA-IV score is reflected in the combined Std IX-X grade sheet which the board now issues under the Continuous and Comprehensive Evaluation (CCE) system.TOI had reported on Wednesday the board's decision to conduct CBSE-PSA for Std XI-a test which is unlikely to reflect on their marksheet. More details on the tests-Std IX &amp; X-will be provided by the board to schools within a month.The CBSE-PSA will be of 90 marks and there will be 60 items in an MCQ format. But the exam's duration is not mentioned in the letter by board chairman Vineet Joshi. There will be no specific syllabus for CBSE-PSA and no separate class to prepare students.The test will evaluate quantitative reasoning, qualitative reasoning and language conventions. Justifying the need for the test, Joshi wrote to schools that \"21st century life skills will greatly assist learners in acquiring higher order thinking skills such as problem-solving and decision-making\". The format of the CBSE-PSA resembles a typical aptitude test question paper. The board also conducts the Students Global Aptitude Index, a test on similar lines, but it's optional and meant for students of Std X. The result of the test is to gauge the student's aptitude.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15411764", "title": "Assembly panel to probe uterus removal allegation", "text": "PATNA: An assembly committee will probe into the allegations that uterus of 16,765 women were removed under a Centre-sponsored health insurance scheme. Making this announcement on Wednesday, assembly speaker Uday Narayan Choudhary handed over the inquiry to the call attention committee after ruling and opposition MLAS created uproar over the issue in the House during question hour.The speaker had earlier adjourned a short notice question by Manjit Kumar Singh of JD(U) as ruling and opposition members expressed dissatisfaction over the government's reply.Labour resources minister Janardan Singh Sigriwal admitted that there were reports of removal of uterus of 11,675 women in 11 districts in the state but ruled out male members of the victims' families having claimed any monetary benefit for the hysterectomy.He said the state government had released smart cards to 19.76 lakh women under the scheme in which the Centre shared 75% and the state the rest of the cost.The JD(U) MLA claimed there was a provision under the scheme for district magistrates to constitute a monitoring committee for its implementation. But that was not done. RJD MLAs created noisy scenes in the House alleging huge irregularities in the scheme.Earlier, a call attention motion was brought in the legislative council by RJD's Nawal Kishore Yadav and Badshah Prasad Azad. In his reply, Sigriwal said soon after the matter was highlighted by local newspapers, the CM took cognisance and the DMs were asked to conduct inquiry in the allegations. Separate teams were sent to Samastipur and Madhubani from where most of the cases had been reported.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15412350", "title": "Expect downpour in a day or two", "text": "KOLKATA: If you have been wondering why Kolkata is unusually dry this monsoon, blame it on the lack of low-pressures and cyclonic circulations over Bay of Bengal . So far, Kolkata has received just 468mm of rain which is substantially less than last year's figure. But if you were looking for a real monsoon deluge, your wish may be granted \u2014 a cyclonic circulation is likely to result in heavy rainfall in the city and adjoining districts within the next 24 to 48 hours.\"A cyclonic circulation near the Bangladesh coast will cause moderate to heavy rainfall in the city and other south Bengal districts over the next two days. We must wait for more such cyclonic circulations for more rains. This year, they have been few and far between. But we expect a turnaround in August which is usually a good month for monsoon,\" said Devendra Pradhan, deputy director of meteorology.The Met office apprehends that rainfall could fall short by up to 25% in east India this monsoon. \"Going by the present rate, there might be a deficit. But there's still enough time for the shortfall to be made up. We won't have a clear picture till the first week of September,\" said Pradhan. The official date for the withdrawal of monsoon is October 7 in this part of the country.Experts said it is the surge of low pressures and cyclonic circulations that determine monsoon. \"Three factors primarily determine the amount of rainfall \u2014 incursion of moisture, flow of monsoon winds and the frequency of low pressures and cyclonic circulations over Bay of Bengal. While the first two factors have been favourable this year, low pressures have been rare. This affected rainfall,\" said Pranabesh Sanyal, weather expert and a faculty at the School of Oceanographic Studies, Jadavpur University.Sanyal, too, pointed out that August was a better monsoon month than July. \"Traditionally, Kolkata and its surrounding areas receive less rainfall in July than August. It's around this time that the low pressures get more frequent over the Bay of Bengal. They help the monsoonal surge and push the rainfall tally up. So, the next two-three-weeks are going to be crucial,\" Sanyal said. \"But if August is bad, then we are headed for a deficit.\"In 2010, eastern India had a 30% deficit but last year monsoon was close to normal. \"We usually have a deficit every alternate year. But that can't be a rule. It all depends on low-pressures and we already have one now. Let's hope this ushers in more such disturbances,\" said a weather official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "15414740", "title": "Carjacker shoots dead accomplice by mistake, flees", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Gautam Budh Nagar witnessed yet another shooting incident, this time in Greater Noida just two days after a robbery and firing took place outside a Noida mall. In the incident, a carjacker accidently shot dead his accomplice while they were forcibly driving off with a cab. Police have seized the gun from the spot and launched a manhunt for the absconding criminal.The incident happened around 2.45pm on Wednesday, about 50 metres from a Greater Noida college in Knowledge Park-III, police said. \"The driver, Sandeep (25) of the Toyota Etios cab, had dropped off his customer around 2.30pm and then went to have lunch. He then decided to park the car in a deserted area and take a nap. Soon, two men in their 20s knocked on his windowpane. When Sandeep rolled it down, one of the assailants pushed his hand through and released the car lock,\" said Alok Priyadarshi, SO of Kasna police station.The duo then forcibly sat inside the cab and pushed the driver onto the rear seat. While one of the criminals got into the back seat with Sandeep and put a country-made pistol to his head, the other started to drive. Unfortunately for the carjackers, the car hit a speed breaker and it slowed down. Seeing an opportunity, Sandeep tried to open the vehicle door to flee. A scuffle broke out and the criminal in front opened fire. \"The bullet hit the assailant seated in the rear on his head and he died on the spot,\" Priyadarshi said.Hearing the sound of the fired shot, a PCR van drove towards the cab to investigate. The assailant in the front seat panicked and leaving his weapons abandoned the car and escaped, police said. Cops are yet to identify the duo. The body of the dead assailant has been sent for autopsy. The cab is owned by Pannu Car Rental based in New Delhi, while Sandeep is a resident of a Vasant Vihar village.Meanwhile, in Monday's shooting and robbery incident in Noida, the two arrested criminals have been remanded to 14 days of judicial custody after an ACJM conducted the proceedings at the hospital. The third accused, Babu, is yet to be arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15411632", "title": "Students help nab pick pockets", "text": "NAGPUR: The going becomes tough when one has to be on the look out for possible bag-lifters and pickpockets ready to snatch away your valuables in buses, especially during rush hours. On Wednesday, police with the help of commuters arrested two women who had stolen cash and mobile phones from two students while they were travelling in a bus.Sources said that these women zeroed on possible victims by posing as photo frame vendors.The students, Rasika Barhate and Shreya Chakraborty, along with two other friends had come to the city to write a competitive examination. After the examination, the students boarded a bus from Rani Jhansi square. But after boarding the bus they noticed that their bags were open. They found that their cash and mobile phones were missing. Without wasting time they raised an alarm and began searching for the women who had boarded the bus behind them. They said that these women had pushed them from behind while boarding.The other passengers in the bus then apprehended the two women who were trying to sneak off. They were then handed over to the Dhantoli police patrol team. The two culprits have been identified as Nanda Baghmare and Savita Baghmare. They had been arrested for thefts by the Dhantoli police, earlier too. Both the culprits hail from Saoner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15412849", "title": "One month on, NU fails to progress in revaluation scam", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as Nagpur University took prompt action in lodging an FIR in the examination racket unearthed in Wardha, it failed to repeat the act in new revaluation/re-totalling scam allegedly involving its assistant registrar (revaluation) Sandhya Chunodkar-Handa. TOI had on July 8 first exposed the racket after which Chunodkar-Handa was shunted to the academic section and her case was referred to NU's disciplinary action committee (DAC).Over a month now, there is no headway in the scam where the accused was said to have given illegal benefits to hundreds of engineering students by fraudulently increasing marks under the pretext of revaluation/re-totalling. It included her son studying in St Vincent Palloti College of Engineering. In fact, a preliminary inquiry conducted by Kane himself after receiving a complaint from 'Munna Patel' revealed that Chunodkar-Handa had allegedly misused her position. Sadly, NU forwarded only her son's case to DAC for inquiry, limiting the panel's scope for investigations, NU sources claimed.Though none of the DAC officials was available for comments, registrar Mahesh Yenkie who briefly held the charge of controller of examinations (CoE) in absence of Siddarth Kane told TOI that DAC was yet to submit its report on the scam. \"Only after getting DAC report that we could move ahead,\" he said, adding that if it recommended police complaint, NU will do it.NU management council members however reiterated their demand to constitute a judicial inquiry or lodge a police complaint in the scam considering its serious nature. They also demanded to suspend Chunodkar-Handa till the inquiry was over as this scam was having same implications and modus operandi like one used during Kohchade scam. Ironically, both scams were taken place in NU's revaluation section.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15411434", "title": "'A suicidal step for Congress'", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Muslim community that has witnessed an increase in the number of students opting for professional courses following the fee reimbursement scheme introduced by the government in 2008 is alarmed at the prospects of its revision.Activists and politicians said that any change in the existing system would be damaging for lakhs of students and suicidal for the ruling Congress party.Zafar Javeed, convener of the Federation of Minority Institutions, said that the fee reimbursement scheme is perhaps the only scheme for the Muslims since independence which has helped the community in a big way. \"It should not be changed,\" he said.Nusrat Jahan, whose son is pursuing medicine, is clearly worried. \"This is his second year. I could muster courage to put him in the medical college as I had the assurance that his fee would be reimbursed. I simply cannot pay his fee, full or partial. I am too burdened with his other expenses which are as essential as his tuition fee.\"Nearly 1.65 Muslim students are benefitting from the scheme, a government source said. Of these, 65,000 are pursuing professional courses, the others are in junior and degree colleges following other streams.Former minister Mohammed Ali Shabbir said that the SC/ST/BCs and minorities form the bedrock of the Congress vote bank. \"If any of these sections are disturbed, the party will face the heat during the next elections. We have given a representation in this regard to the Union minister Ghulam Nabi Azad who is in charge of our state,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15412986", "title": "Teen mom glad to be back in school", "text": "BANGALORE: Baby (name changed), who became a mother at 13 after she was raped by a neighbour, is happy at going back to school.She had been removed from her school. Her mother Mumtaz (name changed), a Sriramapura resident, later moved the Karnataka High Court, which ordered the school to take the girl back.To give her confidence, school authorities make her sit in the middle benches and tell classmates not to ask her embarrassing questions. \"No one teases or harasses me,\" Baby told TOI on Wednesday.The girl is cheerful that her classmates and friends share their books and lunch. Earlier, the school had said that parents of other children were against Baby's continuance in the institution and issued her a transfer certificate.As a precautionary measure, Baby is accompanied to the school and back home by a woman cop in plainclothes and her mother. \"My parents are worried about some developments near my house. But I'm not aware of that,\" she told TOI.Parents worried about proposalBaby's parents are worried as some community leaders suggested the girl be married to her rapist. They lodged a complaint with the Sriramapuram police about it.A community leader told TOI on condition of anonymity that they did approach Baby's parents with the marriage proposal but never pressured them. \"All we want is peace and harmony. We thought the matter would end by getting them married. But Baby's parents should take the decision,\" they said.\"The rape accused is in jail and his parents are trying to pressure us by sending a few community heads to our home. They want our daughter to get married to him and settle the issue. But we won't agree to it at any cost,\" Baby's father Inthikab (name changed) told TOI.He approached Sriramapura police fearing community leaders may harass his family. \"My elder daughter says some strangers knocked our door late Monday night,\" he claimed.Baby and her mother Mumtaz (name changed) stay at their relatives' place till dusk and return home later to avoid meeting people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15410651", "title": "Orissa Private Engineering Colleges' Association wants free hand in admissions", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Orissa Private Engineering Colleges' Association (OPECA) on Wednesday demanded the state government to give it a free hand to fill up large-scale vacancies in engineering colleges. A team of OPECA met senior government officials and expressed concern over the remaining 27,000 vacancies in different technical colleges. \"The situation became worse this year than previous years. We are really worried about what to do. So we have sought permission to fill up the vacancies at our end,\" said secretary of OPECA, Binod Dash.Sources said out of the total 44,179 engineering seats in 110 colleges as many as 27,000 seats are lying vacant.In 25 colleges there are less than 50 students while seven colleges have less then 10 students. Even there are two colleges having one and nil students. The state government has started second round of counseling to fill up the vacancies, but OPECA members are not very hopeful from this. Secretary of employment, technical education and training C S Kumar said, \"We cannot do anything till the second round of counselling is over.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15411653", "title": "HC seeks response from private hospitals on contempt plea", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Wednesday sought a response from some reputed private hospitals, including Rajiv Gandhi Cancer Hospital, of the city for their failure to comply with its previous order to give free treatment to poor patients.A bench of acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw issued notices to 12 hospitals and sought their replies by August 30 on a plea seeking initiation of contempt of court proceedings against them for their failure to comply with the court's March 22, 2007, order.While dealing with a PIL, the high court had in 2007 ordered that \"all private hospitals to which public land has been allotted at concessional rates are obliged to provide free treatment to the extent of 25% OPD and 10% IPD to patients belonging to EWS category\".The petitioner Social Jurist, an NGO, had filed the plea through counsel Ashok Aggarwal and sought a direction to hospitals to follow the lease deed conditions of reserving 25% beds for the patients from economically weaker section (EWS) of the society.According to the PIL, several private hospitals in the city have obtained government land at throw away prices with a condition to provide free treatment to poor patients but they never fulfilled their promise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15413354", "title": "Techie\u2019s estranged wife killed in Mysore", "text": "MYSORE: In a grisly crime, the estranged wife of a techie from Bangalore was found brutally murdered at her parents' residence in Jayaprakash Nagar here on Tuesday. Ashwini (24) was found lying in a pool of blood. Police said they are suspecting hands of known persons in the murder.According to sources, she was abused by miscreants before slitting her throat with a sharp weapon. Police are investigating from all angles and they are likely to quiz her estranged husband. However, police denied the crime was committed for gain as all valuables were left intact.The incident came to light on Tuesday evening when her brother Vijaykumar, an employee with a private firm, returned home. Police were alerted only late in the night.Police said Ashwini, daughter of an orthopaedician, Jagannath Achar, was married to one Sunil Kumar, a software engineer from Bangalore, about two years back but they separated within a few weeks. She had filed a complaint of harassment against her husband and in-laws at Ulsoor Gate police station. Since then she was living with her parents and brother in Mysore.Her parents were away in Chitradurga while her brother Vijaykumar was at work when the crime was committed around noon.Krishnaraja sub division assistant commissioner of police A N Prakash Gowda told TOI that Vijaykumar, who came home around 6.30 pm on Tuesday, saw his sister lying unconscious on a cot in her room.DCP (law and order) Basavaraj Malagatti said they have got some clues and will soon zero in on the culprits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15414395", "title": "Man murdered in west Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 38-year-old man, who worked with his father-in-law at an auto spare parts shop in the Ranhaula area of west Delhi was murdered by two men, one of whom has been identified. Cops said that the accused, a Grameen Seva driver, alleged that the deceased , Ashok Kumar , had stolen his vehicle.\"The driver, Sunil, had gone to Kumar's residence accompanied by another man. He wanted to settle the matter amicably. About two hours later , Kumar's body was found lying near Baprola Village in the Ranhaula area. He was beaten up and left to die. We have set up teams to nab the accused,'' said additional CP (west) V Renganathan.Cops are probing whether a property dispute too was at the heart of the crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15413461", "title": "MSUSU polls: Now, NSUI declares its GS, VP candidates", "text": "VADODARA: The National Students' Union of India (NSUI) on Wednesday declared its candidates for the posts of general secretary (GS) and vice-president (VP) for the forthcoming M S University Students Union (MSUSU) polls scheduled on August 22.The student outfit has declared Gautam Nayak, a master's student from Faculty of Arts as its candidate for the post of GS and Bhumika Barot, a master's student from Faculty of Commerce as candidate for the post of VP.Both Nayak and Barot had contested the MSUSU polls last year as well but had lost in the fray against candidates supported by the Akhil Bharatiya Vidhyarthi Parishad (ABVP) by a margin of nearly 1,000 votes. NSUI has repeated them this year.Nayak is presently pursuing masters of arts (Russian) while Barot is student of masters of commerce (accountancy).Earlier on Tuesday, ABVP had declared its candidates for the two top posts. ABVP has roped in former faculty general secretary (FGS) of Faculty of Technology and Engineering ( FTE) Jayesh Balai for the post of GS and second year student of the Department of Economics of Faculty of Arts Sai Vichare for the post of VP.Interestingly, infighting between various groups of NSUI had resulted in delay of declaration of candidates. Sources suggest that the student outfit arrived at the final decision on the candidates only around 3.30 am on Wednesday morning.The names of the candidates were declared after offering prayers at the temple near the Faculty of Arts building on Wednesday noon where the student outfit showcased a united front in presence of Congress leaders. Later, the candidates started campaigning from Polytechnic College campus.The last date for filing nomination forms for the posts of GS, VP and faculty representatives this year is August 14.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15416279", "title": "Despite growth, iPhone loses market share", "text": "NEW DELHI: Call it the Android effect. Even though Apple sold over 26 million iPhones in Q2, 2012 and registered an impressive 27.5% year-over-year growth rate, it actually lost market share. According to IDC, which tracks smartphone shipment worldwide, the company had a market share of 16.9% this year compared to 18.8% in the same quarter of 2011. The problem for Apple was that even though its smartphone business grew, the growth in the overall market rocketed due to Android.In its report, IDC said that phones powered by Android registered a 106% year-over-year growth. This gave the Google's mobile OS a market share of 68.1%. In the Q2, 2011, the market share of the OS was 46.9%.\"Android continues to fire on all cylinders,\" said Ramon Llamas, senior research analyst with IDC. \"The market was entreated to several flagship models from Android's handset partners, prices were well within reach to meet multiple budgetary needs, and the user experience from both Google and its handset partners boosted Android smartphones' utility far beyond simple telephony.\"Patrick Moorhead, president at Moor Insights &amp; Strategy and a consultant with technology companies part of smartphone ecosystem, told TOI that there were several reasons for Android's dominance. \"First, the Android experience is improving and (it) is almost as fluid as iOS. This will improve more with Jelly Bean (latest version of Android). Smartphones are also decreasing in price in emerging regions (like India) and Android is capturing that volume, not Apple,\" he said.In India, industry insiders believed that iPhone had a market share in single digits.\"In the US, only Android has LTE support, something Apple will not have until the rumoured iPhone 5. We cannot forget that Android powers at least 200 different phones, where Apple only has three,\" added Moorhead.The data from IDC hinted that as more and more people opted for smartphone to replace their feature phones, Research In Motion , the company that makes BlackBerry phones, and Nokia were big losers. While Blackberry OS saw its shipment fall by 40%, Symbian, which powers Nokia phones, registered a 62% decline. Phones powered by Windows Phone 7, which Nokia is using in its Lumia devices, saw the shipment numbers surge by 115%. But the overall numbers were so low to start with that its market share remained in single digits at little over 3%.\"The mobile OS market is now unquestionably a two-horse race due to the dominance of Android and iOS,\" said Kevin Restivo, senior research analyst with IDC. \"With much of the world's mobile phone user base still operating feature phones, the smartphone OS market share battle is far from over. There is still room for some mobile OS competitors to gain share, although such efforts will become increasingly difficult as smartphone penetration increases.\"IDC said that Android's success is directly attributable to Samsung. \"The company accounted for 44% of all Android smartphones shipped in 2Q, 2012 and totalled more than the next seven Android vendors' volumes combined,\" the report said.On Apple's iOS, which powers iPhones, the research firm noted that its growth couldn't keep with the overall market growth. \"Demand for Apple's flagship smartphone has cooled off now that the device ( iPhone 4S ) has been available since October, and the rumours around the blogosphere have fuelled speculation about a new design and features. Despite these trends, iOS remained the solid number two operating system behind Android worldwide, and greater than the total number of smartphones on the remaining platforms,\" the report said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15417526", "title": "London 2012 Slalom Canoe: Google's latest Olympics doodle", "text": "NEW DELHI: Google on Thursday displayed yet another animated and interactive Olympics doodle, the 14th in the series since the opening ceremony of the London Games.The search giant has been releasing a new doodle everyday to show its support to the sporting extravaganza.The London 2012 Slalom Canoe doodle features a paddler all set to paddle and row the canoe or kayak through a course of river rapids.Google has made the doodle interactive allowing users to play with it throughout its course by pressing the left and right cursor movement keys or arrow keys on the computer keyboard.On pressing the cursor, the paddle will row the canoe forward towards the designated direction in the fastest time possible. Continuous pressing of the cursor will accelerate the kayak.However, users have to ensure that the kayak does not hit hurdles on the way or the banks of the river as it slow down the kayak.The logo of Google appears at the initial stage before the game kicks off.To start the game, users have to press the blue button displayed in the London 2012 Slalom Canoe doodle. The blue button also forms the third letter 'O' of the Google logo.The London Olympics 2012, officially the Games of the XXX Olympiadis, kicked off on 27 July, 2012 and will conclude on August 12, 2012.About 10,000 athletes from 204 countries are participating in the games.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15413626", "title": "Kapaleeswarar temple retrieves land worth Rs 20cr", "text": "CHENNAI: Nearly 4.5 grounds (one ground is 2,400sqft) belonging to the Mylapore Kapaleeswarar temple on Kothavalchavadi Street, Saidapet, has been retrieved from an AIADMK area secretary on Wednesday. The value of the land is estimated to be 20 crore.Following frequent complaints from residents of the area about gambling and other anti-social activities in the building, Kapaleeswarar temple executive officer T Kaveri, with the help of police and Hindu Religious and Charitable Endowment officials, evicted the occupants from the dilapidated building and secured the land from AIADMK area secretary Baskar.According to Kaveri, the building was leased out more than 50 years ago to T Thiruvavukarasu. After his death, rent was paid by Baskar in the name of a person said to be the son of Thirunavukarasu. But residents of the area were complaining about anti-social activities in the building. \"We found liquor bottles, water packets, party banners and garbage in the building. We have locked the building and sealed the premises. Work to construct a compound wall around the land will begin on Thursday,\" Kaveri said.A board announcing that the land belongs to Kapaleeswarar temple has been put up on the land. The department plans to construct a marriage hall on the land.On July 25, temple authorities and police retrieved nearly 19 grounds on Greenways Road from illegal occupation by anti-social elements. The land adjacent to the Indian Women Association office had been let out for parking of vehicles and the temple collected rent on an hourly basis. \"But in due course, land worth 90 crore was occupied by locals and huts were built on the property,\" Kaveri said. \"The encroachers chased away the security men.\"The land was used as a thoroughfare by illegal occupants. Temple authorities shut the thoroughfare and posted guards on the site.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15412757", "title": "Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation plans to fence open plots in Nashik", "text": "NASHIK: The Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC) is planning to fence its open plots in Satpur and Ambad industrial areas to avoid encroachments.The regional office has sent a proposal in this connection to its head office in Mumbai. Speaking to TOI, Shivaji Tupe, executive engineer, MIDC, Nashik Region, said, \"We have just sent a proposal to MIDC's head office for fencing our open plots in industrial areas. We will undertake the fencing project once we get an approval.\"The issue on fencing the plots was raised by the Ambad Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (AIMA) and Nashik Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (NIMA) at the meeting of Zilla Udyog Mitra (ZUM) held last month with the district collector Vilas Patil in the chair.AIMA President Suresh Mali had said that MIDC reserves 5% of the total plots for plantation. There are around 25 open plots of MIDC in both Satpur and Ambad industrial areas. Tupe said that around Rs 70-80 lakh is required for the fencing works.AIMA President Mali said, \"We are also planning to plant around 40,000 saplings in Satpur, Ambad and Sinnar MIDC in the district by the end of the current financial year. We have already given letters to Vilas Patil, NMC commissioner Sanjay Khandare and the joint director (Industry) P Daberao in this regard and have urged to make available saplings for plantation at the earliest.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh/sirsa", "code": "15413421", "title": "Gopal Kanda stays away from homes", "text": "CHANDIGARH/SIRSA: It seems all the well-wishers and the near and dear ones of the tainted former Haryana minister Gopal Kanda didn't take much time to abandon him.Once thronged by visitors, mostly arriving in SUVs, his home in Sirsa and official residence in Chandigarh have been wearing a deserted look ever since his name figured in the police FIR for driving Geetika Sharma to suicide.While hardly anyone has visited Kanda's residences, the former minister himself has not been seen in Sirsa or Chandigarh since Sunday when Delhi police had registered a case against him.Kanda's official residence in Sector 18 in Chandigarh, which used to have a lot of guests from across Haryana as he was handling important portfolios of industries, home as well as local bodies department, has not seen a single visitor in the past three days.Five security guards from Haryana police, two cooks and two personal staffers appointed by Kanda himself are the only ones present at his residence in Chandigarh. They spend the entire day scanning newspapers or watching television.\"Sahib always used to come here on Mondays and Tuesdays and the place used to swarm with people. But after the case neither sahib nor people have come here,\" said Rajesh, a helper.Always beaming with activities, Kanda's palatial house on Rania road in Sirsa also looks desolate as his family members had left the place on Sunday itself.The helpers have locked the big wooden doors from inside and no one is allowed at Kanda's residence anymore.\"Kanda's place used to have a lot of visitors day and night till a few days ago. I have not seen even a fly entering this place since Sunday,\" said Nirmal Singh, owner of a confectionary store situated right opposite Kanda's house.\"I used to keep my shop open till 11pm because of Kanda's visitors. Now I am closing my shop quite early,\" added Singh.\"The cavalcades of Gopal Kanda and his brother Govind Kanda have been missing for the past three days. And not even a single member of Kanda family can be seen in the house. Even the guards at the doors are missing,\" said Neeraj Kumar, who owns a mobile shop near Kanda's house.His neighbours said last time Kanda came to his house was on Rakshabandhan on August 2 when he was surrounded by hundreds of women.\"All these women had come to tie Rakhi on Thursday. Women from across the state had started arriving since early morning and kept on coming till evening. That was the last time he was seen here,\" said Shiv Kumar, a mobile store owner.\"And on Sunday a police case was registered against him for driving a woman to suicide,\" added Shiv Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15416493", "title": "'Grand Masti' on hold for Riteish Deshmukh", "text": "In an industry alleged to be driven only by opportunism it is heartening to see some people actually put aside their own interests for emotional reasons. The sequel to Masti entitled Grand Masti was scheduled to take off earlier this week. But now because of Riteish Deshmukh's father Vilasrao Deshmukh critical health condition, the film's commencement has been put off by a few days.Says a source close to the project, \" Grand Masti, t he sequel to Masti has been in the writing process for the last one and a half years. Finally writer Milap Zaveri cracked an idea and scripted the sequel. The film brings back the Riteish-Aftab Shivdasani-Vivek Oberoi trio, along with four new girls. Grand Masti was supposed to kick start this week.Then Riteish's father fell ill. He can't be expected to act funny at a time like this.\"A suggestion that the film take off without Riteish was also put forward. But producer Ashok Thakeria and director Indra Kumar refused, arguing that a comedy is a happy occasion and therefore all the actors needed to be comfortable.When contacted producer Thakeria said, \"We hope to start shooting from the 9th. We've waited 8 years to start the sequel. So a little bit of delay is not a big deal.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "15412042", "title": "Generator powered boxer Devendro's family ahead of Olympics bout", "text": "IMPHAL: When 20-year-old army boxer Laishram Devendro Singh will take on Irish boxer Paddy Barnes in the men's Olympics quarterfinals early on Thursday, his family at Yurembam Awang Leikai village faraway Imphal West district can watch the bout without worrying about any interruption.With people of the state getting only six hours of power every day, the family has arranged a generator to ensure that they don't miss out on the action in the ring and cheer for Devendro. Till early last year, the state used to get power only for three to four hours daily. \"Before and after his (Devendra) two bouts at the Olympics, my son called me on the phone. He always said he would do his best to bring laurels for the country and the state. We also encouraged him to give his best,\" said Devendro's father Laishram Jugindro. He added, \"I hope he will call me before his crucial fight to take blessings from me and my family, especially his mother.\"Jugindro, a poor farmer, has groomed two great boxers among his four children. Besides Devendra, his elder sister Laishram Sushila is also a national boxing champion.Once the diminutive and fast Manipuri pugilist, whose performance in the pre-quarter final fight was equated with a machine gun wins Thursday's fight, a medal is sure for the nation. Devendro qualified for the London Olympics after reaching the quarter finals of the World Amateur Boxing Championship in Baku last year.\"Devendro's boxing icon during his childhood days was his sister and upon her steep pressure, he was sent to army boys' camp in Pune at the tender age of 10. Thereafter, he bagged laurels in various state, national and international championships,\" Jugindro told TOI on Wednesday. He joined the army camp after passing Class V from Yurembam Junior High School, he added.Manglembi Devi, mother of Devendro, was seen praying for her son's glory at the shrine of a small Meitei deity. Minutes after Manglembi completed her prayer, she opened a family photo album and looked at he son's photographs with pride.\"May the almighty shower enough strength and skill to my son to win laurels for the country. I want to see him come back with a bright medal,\" said a calm Manglembi, as her youngest daughter Brojeshori Devi (Devendro's elder sister) arranged seats for visiting journalists at their residence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15413093", "title": "13,687 families depend on manual scavenging in Kerala", "text": "KOCHI: The enumerators for the Socio Economic and Caste Census (SECC) 2011 seem to have come up with some curious data.According to them, there are 13,687 families who depend on manual scavenging to eke out a living in Kerala which has won global acclaim for its high levels of social development.Another perplexing finding is that there are 14,947 freed bonded labour families in the state.Interestingly, even as per the census data of 1982 there were only 51 families who belong to the category of freed bonded labour in the state and all of them are known to have expired, the officials of the Rural Development Department (RDD) told TOI here. The data collection launched in April 11 was over in June. The SECC data also shows that 17,564 families belong to the primitive tribal group in the state and has accorded the status to five tribes, namely Kaadar, Cholanaikkar, Kattunaikkar, Koraka and Kurumba.According to RDD officials, there could be a maximum of 5,000 families in the state in the group, mainly in Wayanad, Idukki and Kannur.However, the data collected as part of the SECC indicates that there are about 1,500 families belonging to the group even in Thiruvananthapuram. The RDD officials clarified that some of the enumerators might have committed errors without knowing the criteria to be used for entering into different categories in the census data.For instance the enumerators may have included the workers engaged in the city cleaning activities in the city areas as manual scavengers, he said.The entire data collection exercise was paperless, done on hand-held electronic devices. This was expected to reduce data entry errors and enumerator discretion. Also officers at various levels were expected to make sure that there was no misreporting. But RRD officials are surprised that despite all these precautions such errors have crept in.\"We are trying to conduct another round of sample survey to trace how and where the errors have crept in,\" the rural development commissioner Nandakumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15411600", "title": "Link Rd shopkeepers protest pay and park", "text": "NAGPUR: Around 160 shopkeepers from Link Road, Sadar, took out a morcha to mayor Anil Sole demanding scrapping of pay and park scheme on the road. The shopkeepers had also kept their shops closed on Wednesday to lodge their protest.President of Link Road Vyapari Sangh C N Harsulkar said the shopkeepers are not against pay and park scheme but \"as we are rent holder of NMC shopping complex, it is the duty of corporation to provide us proper parking space for our vehicles. As we pay rent regularly, why should we pay for parking.\" The association said, \"If the project is routed through the Link Road, it will ruin business and affect livelihood of all those who have shops here. We demand the NMC look for an alternative, preferably open, space for pay and park scheme so our livelihood is not affected.\"The mayor assured them to look into their demand after the municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane resumes work next week. The association has threatened to intensify their stir that would include hunger strike and agitation if their demands were not met.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15413325", "title": "GSHSEB wants to name and shame cheaters", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The examination committee of Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board (GSHSEB) has called for the declaration of names and addresses of the 225 students who had their marks increased in the marks-for-cash scam. The committee wants the students to appear before it so that action can be taken against them. This was decided at the committee meeting held on Wednesday.GSHSEB authorities have stated that the names and addresses of the students can be declared only after the government gives consent. They have called another meeting next week.The chairman of the board, R R Varsani, said that the agenda for Wednesday's meeting was to examine answersheets of the students, which the committee was not able to, and thus had to postpone action.Committee members want the students found guilty in the scam to be punished and barred from taking examinations conducted by the board for two to three years. While police is investigating the case, the board wants to take action at its level.The committee members have cited the example of action taken against three students in the proxy-writer scam that was exposed in 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15412250", "title": "Panchayat bandh paralyses life in rural areas, cities mostly unaffected", "text": "RANCHI: Urban life remained mostly unaffected by the day-long bandh called by Jharkhand Rajya Panchayat Parishad on Wednesday, though it paralysed life across rural areas. Bandh was most effective on the highways as vehicles plying on the highways remained stranded for several hours in different localities of the state.The parishad is an unorganized group of people and it was counting on voluntary participation of people to make the bandh successful. Though people of rural areas supported the strike, the participation was very low in cities, where ward councilors and district council members despite supporting the cause apparently failed to bring the protest on a common platform.The representatives of the third-tier of the democratic set-up have said that the government has not delegated any significant powers to them. The elections to Panchayat Raj Institutions were conducted in the state in 2009 after a gap of 32 years, but the representatives have not been notified of their functions and duties ever since.Across Ranchi, shops remained closed, but there was thin movement of traffic on the streets and with Eid bazaar in progress, the shops on the main road did not remain shut for too long. By the afternoon, the din and the bustle returned to markets though the shops in the city's outskirts remained closed. The parishad's cause was supported in Ranchi openly by the Left parties and workers of CPI-M came out on the streets to appeal to the denizens to cooperate in the protests. Over 100 workers of CPM were symbolically arrested by the police and later released.Deputy mayor Ajay Shahdeo said JVM also extended its support to the panchayat representatives because their elections have been farcical.\"Though we have been holding offices, our role towards the development of the municipal corporation area is negligible because all administrative and financial powers are held by ministers and bureaucrats,\" he said. Shahdeo cited example of a drain constructed on either side of the newly laid Kanke Road.\"The height of the drain is such that water from the colonies cannot be drained into them. Had the urban development department sought suggestions of ward councilors, they could have highlighted this practical problem that was not addressed,\" he said.Many private schools in the capital also remained closed to avoid inconvenience to students. Attendance was thin in colleges and offices because of unavailability of public transport. Railway services, however, remained unaffected, though passengers had a difficult time getting to the stations.Jamshedpur and Bokaro remained also was unaffected and traffic movement was normal in the cities. Member of East Singhbhum chamber of commerce Atul said that they are tired of frequent bandhs in the state.\"Political leaders are busy observing martyrdom of Nirmal Mahato and I was sure that the bandh is not going to be violent,\" he said explaining why the shops remained open in the Steel City.Urban hot points in Bokaro also remained unaffected as city traffic and shops in Bokaro steel city colonies, Bokaro Thermal Power Station Township and Chandrapura Township remained open and functional.The strike got mixed response in Dhanbad, where panchayati raj members led by Muniya Devi, chairman of the Giridih district panchayat, blocked roads in the town and also stopped the Giridih-Madhupur passenger train. The higways from Giridh to Deoghar, Dumr, Dhanbad and Jamua were deserted as the panchayati raj officials at the block-level sat on a dharna at different spots.The Dhanbad-Bokaro National Highway was also affected as protesters obstructed movement of vehicles.The panchayati raj officials also enforced that government offices at Sariya block remained shut. They are demanding better wages and implementation of their projects by the bureaucrats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "15410753", "title": "Three landmines found in Malkangiri", "text": "KORAPUT: Security personnel came across three landmines near Sikpali weekly market within Malkangiri police limits on Wednesday. This comes a day before Kranti Diwas that the Maoists celebrate in memory leader Kranti Ranveer, who was killed in police firing while attacking Motu police station on August 9, 2001.\"The Maoists had planted landmines targeting BSF and SOG personnel because the spot is used by jawans to rest during combing operations,\" SP (Malkangiri) Akhilesh Singh said. He said all the three landmines would have exploded at the same time because they had a single connection. \"We could not recover the landmines because it was already evening. The explosives will be defused on Thursday,\" he said.Security has also been tightened in Malkangiri district for Kranti Diwas \"We are not leaving anything to chance. Security personnel have been kept on high alert to avoid any eventuality. All type of counter-insurgency operations have been intensified. Though the celebrations are for a day, Maoists usually extend it till August 15,\" said Singh.Though the extremists have not given a bandh call for their celebration and have not put up posters, police have stepped up patrolling and combing operations across the district. All vehicles entering Malkangiri town are being frisked.Panic among the security personnel is understandable given that the Maoists gunned down a special police officer at Podia weekly market during the recently concluded Martyrs Week which the Red organization celebrated from July 28 to August 3. \"To stop a possible influx of Maoists into the district, adequate security personnel have been deployed at a few locations in bordering areas. Security personnel have been given special instructions to follow while moving in the interior areas. At present, the situation is normal,\" the SP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15413792", "title": "'Fifty Shades of Grey' breaks Potter records", "text": "LONDON: 'Fifty Shades of Grey' has become UK's largest selling book outselling 'The Da Vinci code' and Harry Potter novels after its publisher claimed to have sold 5.3 million print and digital copies. Only four months after its publication in book form experts say 'Fifty Shades of Grey' is outselling Dan Brown's 'The Da Vinci Code' and JK Rowling's Harry Potter books, the Daily Mail reported.EL James's erotic novel, released as an e-book last June and in book form in April, has sold 5.3 million print and digital copies. The other books in the trilogy, 'Fifty Shades Darker' and 'Fifty Shades Freed', have sold 3.6 million and 3.2 million copies.\"My main ambition when I signed the deal with Random House was to see my books in the shops. I simply had no idea they would be so successful. The process has been so rewarding,\" E L James said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15411766", "title": "Uproar over Air India\u2019s seniority list", "text": "MUMBAI: Air India is expected to release a consolidated seniority list for its workforce next week based on the recommendations put forth by the Dharmadhikari report. It is a testing time for the airline as discontent has been brewing among a section of the merged carrier's officers, who allege that the report is biased against their lot. They contend they will lose their seniority to officers with lesser qualifications and experience as the report adopts an unfair method to determine seniority.\"The report dictates that pay scale will be the criterion that decides seniority when the workforce of erstwhile Air India and Indian Airlines is merged. Considering that the companies did not follow similar guidelines in granting promotions and salary hikes to its employees, this criteria is not justified,\" said an officer from the erstwhile Air India side of the merged airline.The Dharmadhikari Committee report mentions that pay scales in both these airlines were equivalent in 1990 and deviations started appearing after revisions in 1992 and 1997.\"In the last two decades, Indian Airlines was generous with promotions and salary hikes, whereas Air India was tight-fisted. So, erstwhile Air India officers will lose seniority to Indian Airlines ones as the report only takes into account the current salary drawn to decide seniority,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15411594", "title": "Anna's move being closely watched by politicians", "text": "NAGPUR: Politics, it is said, is the last resort of the scoundrels. So when Anna Hazare announced the decision to enter electoral politics by forming a new political party, the move was met with all-pervasive scepticism. On Monday, Hazare took the first step by disbanding his core team that steered the public agitation for Jan Lokpal Bill to counter corruption in the country.While political leaders have mixed opinion about Anna's political plans, there is an overwhelming need felt by the people for an alternative to the grand old Congress that has gone to seed, caught in the quagmire of caste, creed and corruption and the BJP that is increasingly seen as a 'B' team of the Congress aping same defunct policies and political mores.\"It is too early to pass any judgement on Anna's proposed political moves. But it is clear that he has chosen a path strewn with pitfalls,\" said RSS Pracharak Pramukh Manmohan Vaidya. Significantly, there was a perception that Anna Hazare's anti-corruption crusade was sustained largely by RSS cadres. Politics is a different cup of tea and Vaidya is not ready to hazard a guess if Anna will continue to get such mass support that would turn in votes. But he is certain that a party cannot succeed on one-point agenda of uprooting corruption.\"It's a welcome decision. Every Indian is free to enter politics. Anna has gone to the extent of calling all MPs 'thieves and looters'. But if he forms a political party and contests elections, he is bound to realize compulsions of electoral politics where no section of people can be ignored,\" said Vilas Muttemwar , city MP and AICC general secretary. \"Who knows, Anna could spring a positive. If he sticks around, other political parties would be hopefully extra cautious and try to stay away from any form of corruption and allurements to voters,\" added Muttemwar.But for articulate BJP MLA Devendra Fadnavis, Anna's move is the \"greatest blunder of his life.\" Talking to TOI, he said: \"The country does not need another political party today. Even if we candidly admit that the current lot of political leaders suffers from credibility deficit, by sailing in the same boat, Anna may not be able to make much difference. Just because his anti-corruption movement was at its ebb, should not be a reason to form a party.\" Fadnavis says Anna should have continued building pressure on the government through public agitation as a potent tool.Kishore Tiwari of Vidarbha Jan Andolan Samiti seeds great hope in Anna. \"Three decades ago, socialist icon Jaiprakash Narayan gave a clarion call for total revolution. It brought Pyrrhic victory by dislodging the Congress from power for the first time. But the ultimate goal remained to be achieved. May be Anna can do that now by bringing together all clean, able and right-thinking people together to provide an alternative to the Congress and the BJP,\" said Tiwari.\"Congress is to blame for all ills of the country since it was in power for over five decades since independence. The BJP is trying to replicate the Congress model to grab power at any cost and is hence destined to doom. Only an alternative party can bring a revolution that the country badly needs to address problems of corruption, poverty, deprivation, ill-conceived policies and stagnation. Anna and his party may be able to provide these solutions,\" Tiwari hoped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15413173", "title": "Keshub calls it a day as M&M; chief", "text": "CHENNAI: In his last speech as chairman of the group he jointly founded more than half-a-century ago, M&M;'s outgoing chairman Keshub Mahindra underlined the focus for the future and the group values that have helped M&M; grow \"exponentially\". Emphasizing the \"challenging\" economic atmosphere ahead as half the world teeters on the brink, he said his own group has managed to grow without compromising on its values.Praising his successor, he said nephew Anand Mahindra is \"a leader of great acumen, moving in step with technological advances and above all, passionate about preserving what is 'core' to the company\". The board has appointed Mahindra chairman emeritus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15412478", "title": "Government issues fresh order for 1% quota for special backward classes, stirs controversy", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government has issued a fresh order to grant 1% reservation to the special backward classes (SBC), including the Gujjars. The new order has been issued since the earlier order of May 6, 2010 through which 1% reservation was first granted to the SBC ceased to exist after a high court judgment of December 22, 2010.The fresh order has, however, caused a controversy with the legal experts opining that the government appears to have unlawfully ignored the other backward classes (OBC) commission in granting quota to the SBC and has apparently violated the court's judgment of December 2010.A day earlier the OBC commission chairman, Justice IS Israni (retired) told reporters that the state government cannot give quota benefits to any community without the commission's recommendation. Ironically, the department of personnel (DoP) issued the order for SBC quota on the same day (August 7) without the commission's recommendation.The court's December 2010 judgment, too, said that the OBC commission should examine the new reservation demands on the basis of a quantifiable data supplied to it by the state government and accordingly make its recommendations. The judgment also said that if the state wanted to enhance reservation beyond the percentage which existed prior to the reservation Act of 2008, the state \"shall not give effect to the said enhanced percentage of reservation for a period of two months thereafter.\"Former additional advocate general RN Mathur said the new order appeared to be in violation of the high court judgment as the government has failed to fulfill the process that was required to grant any quota beyond what existed before the 2008 Act. \"As per the judgment, first the OBC commission should have made a recommendation for the SBC quota. Even after accepting that recommendation the government was required to wait for two months before executing the order,\" said Mathur.Far from making any recommendation for grating reservation beyond the existing quotas (49%), the OBC commission was yet to study the quantifiable data provided to it for examining if any new community in the state qualified for the reservation benefits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15414349", "title": "Interviews for post of GMCH director-principal on August 16", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Union Public Service Commission (UPSC) will conduct interviews for the post of the director-principal of Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH), Sector 32, on August 16. This time, the post will be occupied by a faculty member of the college, as no contenders from outside the institute have qualified for it.According to the UPSC officials, Dr V K Grover, department of anaesthesia, PGI, and Dr S K Singh, department of urology, PGI, have not been considered for the position.This leaves only five contenders, all of whom are from the hospital. They include Dr Suman Kochhar, head of radiodiagnosis department, Dr A K Janmeja, head of pulmonary medicine, Dr Arjun Dass, head of ENT department, Dr Jagdish Chander, head of microbiology department and Dr B S Chavan, head of department of psychiatry.The present director-principal, Dr Raj Bahadur, had completed his tenure in November last year and was given extension by the UT administration till August 31. Dr Bahadur, who has been on deputation from the PGI, has been asked to return to his parent cadre.\"There are two ways by which the director-principal of GMCH gets selected. The first is: deputation from outside the institute; and the second is: direct recruitment.The UPSC is the selecting authority in both the cases. This time, direct recruitment will be done as the outsiders have been found ineligible for it,\" said a senior faculty member of GMCH.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15413353", "title": "Morning showers in Ahmedabad", "text": "AHMEDABAD: When the Amdavadis woke up on Wednesday they were greeted with light showers. These continued till 10 am in the morning. The fresh spell of rains brought down the day temperature by nearly four degrees. The city on Wednesday received nearly 16 mm of rains.According to the India Meteorological Department (IMD), the city temperature which was about 35.1 degree on Tuesday came down to 31.4 degree on Wednesday. The temperature which was nearly three to four degrees above normal suddenly fell down due to the rains and cloudy atmosphere. However, the IMD has only forecasted moderate rains in the city.The city has received 148.85 mm of rainfall which was 322 mm below the average rainfall till Wednesday. According to AMC control room the rainfall was more in North and Western part of the city. There was very little rainfall in the central part of the city. AMC officials said that there were no complaints of any waterlogging or tree felling from any part of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15412352", "title": "Extra 50 days of work under rural job scheme likely in drought-hit areas", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre may provide an additional 50 days of work under the job guarantee scheme to help residents in drought-hit districts, with the ministerial panel concerned likely to consider a proposal from the rural development ministry.Around 306 districts have received deficient rainfall while 94 have got scanty rainfall in Karnataka, Gujarat and Maharashtra among others.According to the rural development ministry, MGNREGA can help alleviate the problems faced by residents in drought-hit areas. The job scheme provides for 100 days of employment to a household and the additional 50 days would give around five months of assured wages.A persisting drought-like situation is likely to hit agriculture and dairy output, forcing inhabitants to look for hard labour to sustain themselves.While RD minister Jairam Ramesh wrote a letter to states earlier, advising that they petition the Centre if MGNREGA was to be supplemented in case of spurt in demand for work, the empowered group of ministers on drought also received requests to this effect during a visit to the affected districts.An estimate shows that providing extra 50 days work to a household in drought-hit pockets would cost Rs 3,493 crore this year. However, the RD ministry feels even the extra financial burden would keep the expenditure on MGNREGA within the budget estimates.The head of the empowered GoM, agriculture minister Sharad Pawar , and Ramesh visited drought-affected districts last week to review the situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15413790", "title": "BRTS delay: HC issues notices to officials", "text": "INDORE: A two-member Indore bench of Madhya Pradesh high court on Wednesday issued show cause notices to four senior officials of the state government for delay in completion of pilot Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS) corridor from Neeranjanpura to Rajeev Gandhi Crossing.Justice S S Khemkar and Justice Prakash Shrivastav has served notices to principal secretary of urban administration and development department, S P S Parihar, principal secretary housing and environment department, Iqbal Singh Bains, municipal commissioner of IMC, Yogendra Sharma and IDA CEO, Deepak Singh over contempt petition seeking their replies in four weeks.Advocate Sanjay Mehra had filed a contempt petition in the high court on July 30 against these officials for not sticking to the stand made before the court in 2008 for timely completion of BRTS. On Wednesday, the court took up the petition and slapped notices on the senior officials.\"I have first sent notices to all these officials for not fulfilling their promise made to court. They did not bothered to give reply to my notice following which I filed a contempt petition in court and today court slapped notices,\" said Mehra.Mehra added that he had filed a PIL in 2008 over delay in completion of BRTS which is being constructed on one of the busiest roads in the city and lack of safety measures at the construction site. Following this, the high court had disposed the PIL considering the fact that respondent authorities have filed reply stating that they will ensure that construction work will be completed as per the time frame of contract.\"But since then, authorities concerned extended the time limit for completion of BRTS works three times. Despite that they failed to meet the time limit and work is incomplete even today,\" noted Mehra. The officials have failed to fulfill their assurance made before court in 2008, which amounts to contempt of court, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15411306", "title": "Mumbai clueless about scourge: Experts", "text": "MUMBAI: Most students in the city are confused about what constitutes ragging, a situation perpetuated by many colleges not having counsellors. Experts say students are helpless against ragging but for helplines that are a result of private initiative by counsellors and a few dedicated pages on social networking websites.\"Ragging is persistent in colleges across the state. We regularly get calls from students who feel humiliated but are too scared to report the matter. The first thing they ask is if their identities could remain a secret,\" said Malini Shah, a counsellor with the organization Aasthachrysalis.\"A victim of ragging lives in fear even today because students are sacred of the consequences of reporting cases. The maximum number of calls are from students who are in boarding schools or who live in hostels,\" Shah said.About four years ago, the University Grants Commission (UGC) introduced a 24/7 anti-ragging helpline and sent circulars to colleges informing them about the number. The UGC also launched a website for students to report abuse online; identities are not disclosed.\"Despite all the steps that have been taken, most students who call us refuse to report their cases to the authorities. They just talk to us and share their fears and no matter how much we coax them to report a case, they refuse,\" said a counsellor from Vanderwala Foundation, an organization for students. \"Unfortunately, most students are not aware of anti-ragging helplines.\"Some organizations and individuals have started anti-ragging groups on social networking websites. Facebook, for example, has more than 10 groups, including Anti-Drug Anti-Ragging Campaign and Anti-Ragging Team.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "15410975", "title": "Striking Chanda traders open 10 counters for citizens", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: The bandh called by trader's fraternity to oppose local body tax (LBT) imposed by Chandrapur Municipal Corporation ( CMC ) continued on the eighth day on Wednesday. However, people got some respite after the traders, under the pressure of the administration, opened 10 counters in different part of town to sell necessary commodities.Although the administration had talked tough about action against the grocers, it took no action during the day. District supply officer (DSO) had served notices to 98 grocers on Monday threatening to take action under Essential Commodities Act-1955 if they do not reopen their shops. As traders did not budge from their stand, tehsildar was ordered to raid and take action for hoarding and black marketing of grains against the traders. However, on Wednesday, the chamber of commerce itself opened 10 counters in different corners of the town to provide necessary commodities to customers.\"We have opened 10 counters at key places. All commodities necessary for day-to-day life are available. Administration has been apprised of the move and citizens are benefiting from it,\" said vice president of chamber of commerce Sadanand Khatri. Tehsildar Arun Sahare claimed that his team was ready for raids against the grocers. However traders approached him and told about opening 10 counters in town for convenience of people. \"We are verifying their claims. If their claims turn out to be false, raids would be conducted and charges of black marketing will be framed against them under EC Act,\" said Sahare.Meanwhile, a delegation of traders led by guardian minister Sanjay Deotale reached Mumbai to meet chief minister Prithviraj Chavan over the issue. \"Similar delegation from Prabhani and Latur too have arrived at Mumbai for meeting with CM. They are scheduled to meet CM later at 9.30pm. We expect positive outcome from the meeting,\" said Khatri. Traders have sought two years respite in implementation of LBT from chief minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15416877", "title": "Preyesh Sinha coming up with Bhauji number 1", "text": "The most popular show on Mahua channel, Bhauji Number 1 is coming back with it's fourth season. And in this season also Preyesh Sinha will be be hosting the show. Before this Preyesh Sinha has also hosted Grihalakshmi.Preyesh Sinha was awarded 'Best Anchor in Industry Award' by Arindam Chaudhary in 2009, in 2010 he received an award for 'Best Entertainer' by shotgun Shatrughan Sinha and in 2011 he was awarded with 'Bihar Gaurav Award'.Well, with all these already in his kitty we hope there is another one coming on his way too after the fourth season of Bhauji Number 1. Source: bhojpuriyacinema.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15413131", "title": "Kochi Corporation seeks council approval to shut down Padma theatre", "text": "KOCHI: If Kochi Corporation has its way, the owners of city theatre Padma, will have a tough time wriggling out of a closure move.The local body, on finding out that the theatre had installed an unauthorized screen, is seeking the approval of the council to shut it down.The town planning officer has submitted a report before the corporation stating that 'Screen 2' in the theatre has been functioning in the area marked for a lounge. The civic body had in fact given occupancy certificate for this facility.The finance committee had asked the town planning officer to submit a report on the theatre following an appeal filed by its owner A S Guna Shenoy.\"In Padma, they made certain internal modifications like reducing seating capacity and increasing parking facilities, but they did not obtain sanction for an additional screen,\" said a corporation official. The local body has put forward the request before the council for authorizing the deputy secretary to close down the theatre. The issue will be taken up in the next council meeting.Meanwhile, Padma theatre managing partner Suresh Shenoy, dismissed the rumours that rival theatres in the city had instigated the corporation to move against Padma.He added that he was unaware of the corporation's plan to stop the theatre from functioning and if required would initiate legal proceedings.\"It is not possible for a theatre to operate without obtaining licence from the local body. We have all the relevant documents and are ready to produce them before the authorities whenever they demand it,\" he said.Both screens in the theatre have secured a platinum grade issued by the Kerala State Film Development Corporation, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15411941", "title": "'I am confident but votes too matter much'", "text": "PATNA: \"Mehnat atoot, gayaki mein bahaar; pyar ho Gaya tumse, aye miss Patna Bihar.\" Thus gushed music mogul Anu Malik as Patna's very own Ritika Raj finished her song in the Classical Round last week to make it to the coveted Top 5 in Indian Idol. All of 16 years, the youngest contestant in the show blushed, smiled and thanked the judges, who included veterans like Pt Jasraj, Asha Bhosle and Sunidhi Chauhan , as they showered praises on her. Her parents, Ram Gopal Singh and Anu Singh, and elder brother Rohit Raj are proud of the Class IX student of city's Don Bosco Academy. So is Bihar. Vithika Salomi reached the li'l achiever for an interview on Wednesday. Excerpts:Q: Since when are you singing?Since I was two or three years old. That's what my parents say. But for long I sang purely for fun, and my parents did not take my singing seriously.Q: When did the training begin?When I was a child, my mother took me to Patna's Bharatiya Nritya Kala Mandir for lessons in dancing. The music classes going on there captivated me and I insisted that I'd learn singing. But my training in classical music started two years ago under my school's music teacher Pt Saroj Das.Q: What kind of songs do you like?I like to sing folk and Sufi songs but I'm comfortable with all genres. Instructors at the show do not have to think much before assigning me songs of any genre and I accept every song as a challenge.Q. Did you always aspire to become a singer?Yes.Q. What is the level of competition in the show and how good are your competitors?The competition is tough; tougher than other reality shows as the contestants are trained in classical music. Everyone is good, but I am in competition with myself only. I've worked hard to live up to everyone's expectations.Q. Any area in your singing that needs to be worked upon?I work hard to improve my singing. That's a continuous process. But I would like to improve 'falsetto singing'.Q. What after Indian Idol?I will continue studies. Training in music will also continue. Singing will never stop.Q. How has been your journey with the Indian Idol so far?These are the best moments of my life during which I've explored myself afresh and improved my singing. Meeting the likes of Lata Mangeshkar , Salman Khan , Katrina Kaif.... was like a dream come true. These celebrities are so down to earth... I've learnt humility from them. Also, travelling to different cities has been fun.Q. You are the youngest contestant in the show. Does everybody treat you like a kid?No. When it comes to singing, it is not about being young or old.Q. What are your chances to emerge the winner, after all?I am confident insofar as my singing is concerned. But much depends on the votes of the viewers as well.Q. Any message for the people of your state?I've got support which many politicians might not have got in elections. I wish the support continues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "jammu", "code": "15413462", "title": "BJP flays separatist leader Geelani's 'provocative' speech", "text": "JAMMU: Taking strong exception to an irresponsible and \"provocative\" speech by hardliner Hurriyat faction chairman Syed Ali Shah Geelani , played through audio system during the funeral of Hizb commander and Delhi high court blast-accused Amir Ali Kamal in Kishtwar, BJP on Wednesday alleged that the separatist leader's unauthenticated allegations of genocide against a particular community amounts to sedition and deliberate attempt to spread communal hatred.BJP's national executive member and J&K; chief spokesperson Jitendra Singh said in a statement issued here that such speeches raise a serious question mark on the working and intentions of the National Conference-Congress coalition government, while allowing a long rope to separatist leaders like Geelani at the risk of disturbing peace and jeopardising the security situation in this sensitive state.Dr Singh further accused the NC and Congress of playing a dangerous game of appeasing the separatists and militants in the hope of buying peace with communal elements, so as to continue in power.Lashing out at the NC-led state coalition, the BJP spokesperson said that NC and Congress leaders are never tired of accusing nationalist organizations like BJP of playing divisive politics, but in fact, the same leaders develop cold feet and turn silent when confronted by separatists and secessionists.\"This, In other words, implies that it is the ruling parties which play politics by creating a wedge among various communities,\" he added.Questioning the credentials of leaders like Geelani to talk about so-called genocide against his community, Singh asked where Geelani was when the Kashmiri Pandit community in the valley became a victim of mass genocide-cum-exodus. Instead of raising their voice against it, they (Geelani and his followers) put up threatening posters in the valley, commanding Pandits to leave the valley overnight or face the consequences, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15413228", "title": "Govt to pick up medical tab for poor", "text": "NEW DELHI: It's raining sops for the poor. The government is making treatment of people below the poverty line suffering from mental disorders and diabetes free at government or public super speciality hospitals like AIIMS.Yesterday, TOI had reported the government's plan to gift cell phones to the poor.In the maiden endorsement of India's swelling burden of patients suffering from mental disorders, the ministry has included it under the Rashtriya Arogya Nidhi (RAN) \u2014 the scheme that till now provided financial assistance to only those BPL patients suffering from major life-threatening diseases like cancer.All BPL patients suffering from mental disorders like depression, anxiety, adjustment and personality disorders will be given a free one-time grant of upto Rs 1 lakh for treatment.In cases where the quantum of financial assistance is likely to exceed Rs 1.5 lakh, they will be referred to an expert committee headed by the DGHS for consideration.The ministry has also included diabetes \u2014 an ail-ment that presently affects nearly 50 million Indians \u2014 under RAN.A ministry note says, \"7% of population suffers from mental disorders. Around 13 crore Indians are suffering from some form of mental illness like depression and anxiety syndromes to psychosomatic disorders and schizophrenia. Over 90% remain untreated. There is less than one psychiatrist available for every four lakh population. The psychiatrist/population ratio is one for every million.\"For providing financial assistance to the needy patients, an advance of Rs 10 lakh to Rs 40 lakh has been kept with medical superintendents of institutes like the AIIMS, RML Hospital, Safdarjung Hospital, Lady Hardinge Medical College (Delhi), PGIMER (Chandigarh), JIPMER (Puducherry), NIMHANS (Bangalore), CNCI (Kolkata), SGPGIMS (Lucknow), Gandhi Memorial and Associated Hospitals (Lucknow), RIMS (Imphal) and NEIGRIHMS (Shillong) to enable immediate sanction of an amount up to Rs 1 lakh in each deserving case.Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad says it is a matter of great concern that India has such a high burden of mental disorders, with such disorders still grossly overlooked in India. He said that about 20% of all patients seen by primary healthcare doctors have one or more mental disorders. One in four families is likely to have at least one member with a behavioural or mental disorder.India currently has 23% of required psychiatrists, 25% of required psychiatric nurses and only 3% of the required clinical psychologists and psychiatric social workers. In absolute numbers, India has 3,500 psychiatrists, 500 clinical psychologists, 300 psychiatric social workers and about a 1,000 psychiatric nurses.Also, only 200 beds are available for mentally ill against 30,000 required,\"Even by a conservative yardstick, there is a shortage of about 8,000 psychiatrists, 17,000 clinical psychologists, 23,000 psychiatric social workers and 9,000 psychiatric nurses,\" Azad said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15414399", "title": "Panjab University to continue with selection criteria as UT softens stand", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The ice wall between the UT administration's higher education department and the Panjab University over teachers' selection criteria in colleges appears to have melted away.Clearing bottleneck in the recruitment process of teachers in aided and management colleges, UT higher education department has expressed its willingness to 'amicably' settle the matter with PU. Both UT's higher education department and PU have been fighting out for a more \"objective\" pro forma for selection of teachers, hence delaying the interviews in colleges.In Saturday's syndicate meeting at PU, however, the house of syndics said PU's criteria was better and must be followed instead of accepting the UT's.\"Since the new session has begun, academics must not suffer. Till the time the new criteria is ready, PU can continue with the old pro forma since selection has been taking place with it in past as well. Once the matter is brought to our department, we will amicably resolve it,\" said Ajoy Sharma, director higher education, UT administration.He added that idea is to come up with an objective pro forma. \"There has been a lot of debate over how much should interview weigh and how much marks should be given for academics. The matter will be settled soon,\" Ajoy added.With UT showing a softer stand on the issue, the bottleneck for the fresh selection of regular and contractual teachers in various aided colleges appears to have been removed. Several colleges, including the MCM DAV College, SGGS College, GGDSD College, have withheld interviews for the posts of assistant professor and associate professor due to the ongoing tussle between UT and PU over the selection pro forma.\"The matter will now be taken to DHE and consensus will be brought about since the academics would suffer due to delay in recruitment of faculty,\" said a PU syndic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15414279", "title": "Bail to Nupur can be prejudicial to Aarushi murder trial: CBI", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI has opposed grant of bail to Nupur Talwar in the Aarushi-Hemraj double murder case and told the Supreme Court that her release from judicial custody could prove prejudicial to deposition of key witnesses, her former employees and friends before the trial court.In its response to Nupur's bail plea claiming parity with her husband Rajesh Talwar who has been on bail for the last four years, the agency said Rajesh was released on bail under Section 169 of Criminal Procedure Code during the continuance of investigation when sufficient evidence might not have been collected.But the bail granted to Rajesh and the acceptance of the same by the trial court on March 14 has been challenged in the Allahabad High Court. \"The release of co-accused husband under Section 169 CrPC, thus, cannot be made a ground for grant of bail on parity,\" it said.Accusing Nupur of trying to delay the proceedings by filing numerous appeals and applications before the HC and the apex court on one pretext or the other, CBI said given her past conduct, her release at this crucial stage of examination of witnesses could prejudice the trial.\"There is reasonable ground that the release of petitioner at this crucial stage of trial on bail will be prejudicial to the trial as material witnesses... who are ex-employees or friends of the petitioner, are yet to be examined,\" it said.\"The petitioner could interfere with the said witnesses to attempt to influence them to depose in her favour. The prior conduct of petitioner for which she was charged under Section 201 of IPC (causing disappearance of evidence, or giving false information to screen offender) demonstrates that there is a grave apprehension of tampering with the evidence by the petitioner,\" the CBI said.Nupur, in her petition, had said that since the charges had been framed, there would be no useful purpose in keeping her in custody, especially when her co-accused and husband was on bail. Assuring the court that there would be no tampering with evidence or witnesses during the trial, she had pleaded for bail saying it would help her defend herself in a better way.The CBI said she had filed seven petitions, appeals and applications in the last year \"not only to avoid appearance in the courts but also to mislead the court and to delay the proceedings at every stage\".It also quoted from the apex court's June 7 judgment dismissing her petition seeking review of the January 6 order asking her to face trial in the double murder case. On June 7, the SC had criticized Nupur's attitude in expressing discomfort and challenging every judicial order which went against her.Justice J S Khehar, who was part of the bench headed by Justice A K Patnaik, had said, \"I would only seriously caution the petitioner from such behaviour in future. After all, frivolous litigation takes up a large chunk of precious court time. While the state of mind of the accused can be understood, I shall conclude by suggesting that the accused should henceforth abide by the advice tendered to her by counsel representing her. For any uncalled or frivolous proceedings initiated by the petitioner hereinafter may evoke exemplary cost.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15413780", "title": "Tamil Nadu: Few engineering courses have accreditation", "text": "CHENNAI: Only one in every five engineering colleges in Tamil Nadu offers accredited courses. The state's rating has slipped since 2009, when the National Board of Accreditation (NBA) said 164 technical institutions in the state offered accredited courses, among the highest in the country.In Tamil Nadu, the fee for NAB-accredited courses is higher. While a government quota seat in a non-accredited course costs 40,000, an accredited course costs 45,000. Even this has not helped. \"Many institutions don't go for accreditation even after seven years because they know they will fail, so they postpone applying for the process,\" said IIT Kanpur chairman M Anandakrishnan. There are some colleges that are 15 years old and have still not applied for accreditation.\"Accreditation is the only means to judge the quality of a course, and the only way to catch crooks,\" said Anandakrishnan. Educational consultant P Moorthy Selvakumaran said that though it was optional for colleges to choose whether they wanted to go in for an accreditation or not, it was important because employers want only students who have completed accredited courses and because many embassies offer visas only to students who pass out of accredited courses.Only institutions where two batches of students have passed out can apply for NBA accreditation. Courses are given provisional accreditation for two years or a permanent accreditation depending on the scores given by the evaluating team. Institutions can go in for reaccreditation after expiry of the three- or five-year period.The NBA, set up by the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) in 1994, evaluates engineering and management courses offered by institutions on a 1,000-point scale based on eight criteria, including the teaching-learning process, research and development and the quality of faculty.The National Authority for Regulation in Accreditation of Higher Education Bill that makes accreditation of all courses mandatory is still pending in Parliament.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15412182", "title": "Diesel generators polluting Saranda forest to mine iron ore", "text": "RANCHI: Private and public sector companies, including steel behemoth Steel Authority of India Limited (SAIL), are polluting and chocking Saranda forest, one of the biggest sal forests in the country, by using diesel generators to mine iron ore.According to a rough estimate, officials in one of the mining companies said at least 5,000-6,000 litres of diesel are burnt every day to generate power to run mines in Saranda forest.The cost of each unit of power, when generated by diesel generators, is double the price for per unit of electricity charged by the Jharkhand State Electricity Board (JSEB).\"The total power generated by diesel generators of SAIL, Tata Steel and other companies, is not less than two mega watt (MW) on any given day. SAIL alone generates 1 MW to run its Chiria mine as it is completely dependent on diesel generators in the absence of a transmission line,\" said a source, adding that this is not only polluting the forest but also causing a huge loss to the economy as power from a thermal power plant would have been much cheaper and saved diesel.The cost of one unit of power supplied by JSEB is around Rs 5.50 and that generated by a diesel generator is around Rs 9 per unit.However, the companies blame the JSEB. \"While Tata Steel needs around 11 MW, SAIL needs around 14 MW. Most of the time the power supply is less than the demand, sometime due to problems in the generation of units and at times because of a fault in the transmission line,\" said a source.The spokesperson for SAIL, A K Singh, said the company is aware of the problem and has already applied to JSEB for installation of a transmission line from the nearest grid to the Chiria mines. \"We are trying to get connection from JSEB and expect the process will be completed soon,\" said Singh.When contacted, the general manager of JSEB, S C Mishra, who looks after transmission, said his office has not received any application sfor transmission line in SAIL's mine in West Singhbhum. \"I am not aware of any application,\" said Mishra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15414378", "title": "PGI researchers to showcase work on Aug 11", "text": "CHANDIGARH: As part of its golden jubilee celebrations, PGI will celebrate its first Annual Research Day on August 11. From this year, the research day will be held on the second weekend of August every year.It will give an opportunity to all researchers of the institute to present their work at one place. In order to accommodate a large number of entries, participants will present their work on posters that will be exhibited. Over 200 research posters will be on display.The institute has invited researchers in the field of clinical medicine and basic biology such as professor V I Mathan, gastroenterologist and former director-principal of Christian Medical College, Vellore, professor S K Sarin, director of the Institute of Liver and Biliary Science, Dr Rajiv Sarin, director of Advanced Center for Treatment, Research and Education in Cancer (a part of Tata Memorial Center), Mumbai, and Dr Girish Sahni, director of Institute of Microbial Technology, Chandigarh.The highlight of the day will be an \"open house\" in which the panel of invited experts, along with the director and the dean of PGI, will discuss issues related to biomedical research, strategies to improve collaboration and quality of research and advise researchers on funding opportunities for biomedical research.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15410912", "title": "Shaikpet: A historic locality lost", "text": "HYDERABAD: With a treasure trove of Qutub Shahi structures, Shaikpet arguably is a heritage locality that should be protected well and good. One of the oldest areas in Hyderabad besides Golconda and Karwan, Shaikpet is a historian's fantasy as magnificent and awe-inspiring monuments are found scattered at every corner. But like most of its counterparts, neglect and apathy have taken deep roots here.According to the wakf gazette of 1980 there are seven mosques and tombs in the locality. The biggest amongst them, Shaik Masjid stands tall on a massive 670 square yards land amidst a concrete jungle that unfortunately manages to even hide its giant minarets. The structure is partially visible from the approach road to the Qutub Shahi Tombs but a closer look reveals its pitiable condition.Its walls have chipped away revealing a brick skeleton while moss and creepers cover its domes. The stucco work has fallen off at many places and deep cracks traverse along the minarets right to the top. The premises of the mosque has turned into a dump yard for the neighbourhood and the gate at the entrance and the compound give little indication of any protection the structure could have been receiving. \"This is one of those few structures with several features of the Qutub Shahi era. The odd number of arches, the polychrome tiles, the big domed minarets and the geometrical shaft columns are all present in one structure. It is a pity that such a structure is left neglected,\" said conservation architect Madhu Vottery, adding that the building has received no maintenance in the recent past.The remaining mosques are either located within the premises of residential and commercial buildings or have been made a part of newer constructions. One of the structures on the way to the Shaikpet Sarai is completely hidden from view and part of it has been used to support an adjacent building.Yet another mosque, garishly whitewashed, lies atop a hillock surrounded by houses. Similar ancient structures located in nearby Vinayak Nagar and surrounding areas, on the road to Narsingi, have met similar fate.Mohammed Illyas, a resident of Golconda who has actively campaigned against land encroachments, said, \"A compound wall was constructed a few years ago around the Shaik Masjid to prevent encroachment. But it is of little use. Miscreants enter and use it for illicit activities. Influential elements have systematically encroached on the land housing tombs and graveyards,\" he alleged.Heritage activists feel that the exponential increase in land prices in the last decade has resulted in rampant development of Shaikpet as a residential hub. Encroachments have followed naturally while the possibility of restoration of the age-old structures has taken a back seat. They also point out that the structures warrant attention as they lie in the close vicinity of the Qutub Shahi tombs which are in the run for Unesco world heritage tag. However, officials in the state archeology department were not much bothered about the pitiable condition of these monuments as they maintained that these could not in any way affect the Unesco selection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "15412374", "title": "Bhanwari Devi case: Paras Ram Bishnoi seeks discharge", "text": "JODHPUR: The counsel of Reshma Ram Bishnoi, an accused in the Bhanwari Devi case, pleaded innocence on behalf of his client on Wednesday.Counsel of Paras Ram Bishnoi, another accused in the case, moved an application in the court for his discharge. The court also deferred the trial till August 13, after the defence sought time to prepare his arguments.Reshma Ram's counsel told the court that the entire dispute was between Mahipal Maderna , Malkhan Singh Bishnoi and Bhanwari Devi. \"My client has nothing to do with the dispute and the conspiracy to eliminate Bhanwari Devi,\" argued counsel Sagra Ram.Paras Ram Bishnoi's counsel moved an application in the court under Section 227 of CrPC stating that \"if upon consideration of the case record and the documents submitted herewith, and after hearing the submissions of the accused and the prosecution on this behalf, the Judge considers that there is not sufficient ground for proceeding against the accused, he shall discharge the accused and record his reasons for so doing\".Protesting the application, special senior counsel for CBI Ashok Joshi said there was no point in moving any application at this stage. \"We will reply to the application in the next hearing,\" he said.Paras Ram has also moved a bail application in the high court. His counsel argued that he was arrested just two hours after filing of the chargesheet in a haphazard manner. The high court has listed the matter for hearing on August 23.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "bharuch/gandhinagar", "code": "15414700", "title": "Narmada dam overflows, but Gujarat stays dry", "text": "BHARUCH/GANDHINAGAR: Gujarat is facing its highest paradox in recent years. The Narmada dam started overflowing at a height of 129m on Wednesday, just one day after more than half of Gujarat was declared scarcity-hit. However, what really pinches is that the thousands of gallons of water thundering down is simply draining into the sea without greening the parched fields in its path, leaving in its wake a pretty picture and a sad story. The dam, often described as Gujarat's lifeline, is overflowing only because of heavy rains in Madhya Pradesh, its catchment area.Irrigation officials are blaming the dam's height for their inability to store the additional water at a time when the monsoon has failed. Had the dam reached at 138.64 m - the full reservoir level - all the extra water that rushed towards the dam could have been held back for a rainy day. Right now, the overflowing dam is only a tourist attraction.Government sources said the water level was all set to touch the 129 m the night before, after water was released from Omkareshwar dam in Madhya Pradesh. The overflow finally happened early next morning.This is the first time that Narmada dam has started overflowing at this height. Until then, the highest water flow level marked at the dam was 127 metres in 2007.A flood alert has been sounded in Narmada and Bharuch districts with the water level at Golden Bridge expected to cross the danger mark by late Wednesday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15413140", "title": "Dumps are there to be mined: Govt", "text": "PORVORIM: The state will allow ore from mining dumps to be exported. The draft mining policy tabled on the floor of the house on Wednesday states this is preferable to fresh excavation of iron ore.This comes just weeks after the Union ministry of mines had directed the Goa government not to finalize a dump handling policy without first consulting it. The Union ministry of environment and forest (MoEF) had also asked the state to order a halt to 'dump mining' in Goa, stating it is illegal, as it is beyond the scope of the environment clearance (EC) issued by the ministry.The draft Goa Mining Policy (Major Minerals) 2012 further states that available infrastructure will be put to better public good by diverting its usage in the movement and export of dumps rather than freshly excavated iron ore. \"For leases that are not current in compliance with laws, the state may permit clearance of old/existing dumps on case-to-case basis,\" the policy states.It further states that the time is appropriate to put in place a policy that focuses on regulated and planned clearance of dumps from non-lease areas and lease areas.Due to decades of extraction of minerals, many mines are unable to store dumps within their mining lease area, due to huge collection of substandard ore, rejects and overburden, the policy states.The policy paper argues that the price of low grade iron ore or dumps are very volatile and often when markets are down, there is no demand for ore from the dumps. The current market situation may not last for long, it says. Iron ore futures are traded on the Singapore Exchange (SGX) and prices for 2012, 2013 and 2014 show a continually downward trend, making it imperative to use the available opportunity till the export of dumps becomes commercially unviable after 2015-2016.The policy also emphasizes that closure of mines has to be systematically planned and ecological balance be restored including utilization of existing pits for water conservation and harvesting of crops.As per the declarations provided by the concessionaires/lessees, the total stock of dumps in Goa currently exceeds 700 million metric tonnes.\"Dump exports shall be capped at 25 million tonnes maximum in any season, which is included in total capping of 45 million tonnes maximum annually,\" the policy said. Concessionaires/lessees that have not declared stocks in dumps have been given 180 days to do so.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15415676", "title": "Sushmita Sen gets robbed at Athens airport", "text": "It was an exotic Greek holiday that went horribly wrong. Little did Sushmita Sen know what awaited her when she returned from her vacation at the beautiful island of Santorini. TOI has learnt that a few days ago, the beauty queen-turned-actress was robbed in broad daylight at the Athens airport, and left with nothing on her person except the jeans and t-shirt she wore.This is how it happened. It was around 1.05 pm Greek time when the ex-Miss Universe arrived at the Athens airport. She was booked on a flight to Dubai , where she would board a connecting flight to Mumbai. She had arrived about four hours early. She was waiting outside an eatery, her hand on her trolley, when she turned to speak to the man sitting behind her. It was at this point, she was robbed and believe it or not, all it took was eight to ten seconds flat.Reliving the horror of that moment, Sushmita told TOI, \"I was in a state of shock. For a while, I just didn't know what to do. Finally, I regained my composure and called my office, telling them to call my friend Farah Khan Ali. I remembered she had friends in Greece. And what a true friend she is. She went all out to help me.\"\"Farah called up a friend in Athens, who arranged a good lawyer, who rushed to the airport. It was only after the police complaint was registered that I was given my passport, that too on paper, so I could travel back to India. The Indian Consulate was also very helpful,\" said Sushmita.It was her office that wired all the money Sushmita needed to pay off her hotel, conveyance and other bills for the remaining part of her stay. A friend of the actress said, \"She lost her mobile phone, iPad and credit cards too. These were in her handbag, which was kept in the trolley.\"The trolley had all of Sushmita's clothes and other belongings. Her worst loss was of course, her handbag, which also contained her passport, 10-year visa to the US and the UK.An official from Sushmita's office said, \"Such robberies have become commonplace at the Athens airport. It is said there is a mafia syndicate in operation there, which masterminds these thefts.\" The official added, \"What is ridiculous about the Athens airport is its layout. The eateries are located before you check into security. It's almost like a mall before security check begins. Which means anybody and everybody can enter the area and mingle with the passengers.\" The official said Sushmita has now applied for a passport and visa.The actress, who hasn't still got over the incident, said, \"It was a traumatic experience. I felt so violated. If it can happen to a public person like me, it can happen to anybody. I would like to inform everybody going to Europe and thinking of visiting Greece, to be very, very careful. As for me, I would like to say I will stay away from Greece for the longest time, perhaps forever.\" \"My Greek lawyer told me there is only one CCTV camera at Athens airport. Imagine the kind of security they have,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15412888", "title": "Education most googled in India", "text": "BANGALORE: For Google, the second largest number of queries on education in the world come from India. Not surprising when half the Indian internet population belongs to the age bracket of 18-35 years.India has moved to No. 2, just behind the US, from rank 8 in 2008. The data was revealed as part of a study tilted 'Students On The Web' compiled by Google India, by combining Google search query patterns and offline research conducted by TNS Australia, on behalf of Google India.The study revealed that over 60% Indian students, who have access to the internet, use it as their first source to research for information related to educational courses and institutes.Education related queries on Google in India are growing at over 46% year on year. Out of all such queries, over 40% were for higher education courses and institutes. IT/vocational courses were the most searched courses (44%), followed by engineering courses (40%) and institutes and postgraduate courses with MBA (16%).Sikkim Manipal was the most searched private institute and IIM-A and IIT-Delhi topped the list in IIMs and IITs respectively, between January and June 2012.Search queries coming from mobile phones also showed a growth of over 135% year-on-year. It contributed to over 22% of all education-related search queries.Helps young make people make decisionsRajan Anandan, vice-president and managing director of Google India said: \"With over 60 million internet users in India in the age group of 18-35, education related search queries are exploding on Google. Our core objective behind compiling this study is to understand the impact internet is having on this young population with regard to education-related decision-making by the students. With more users getting online every day, the internet today is the biggest catchment area for youth and we hope this study will help advertisers realize the potential of the digital medium.\"On an average, students take 5-6 months to research before finalizing the institute and course. Students said in the offline research that placements (56%) is the most important criteria for selecting a institute and course, followed by faculty (49%), course content (48%), reputation of the institute (43%) and fees (41%).In a wish list, students wanted to have more mobile-friendly websites as over 66% said they use their mobile phones to access content. Students wanted to watch videos on career options/placements (56%), videos of faculty (44%), videos of existing students and alumni (29%) and videos of classroom sessions (27%) to help them take more informed decisions.Offline research conducted by TNS Australia covered seven Indian cities -- New Delhi, Mumbai, Pune, Ahmedabad, Kolkata, Hyderabad and Bangalore.India's most searchedFrom Jan 2012 to June 2012 (Desktop &amp; Mobile)1. Sikkim Manipal2. Amity3. Nirma4. Lovely Professional5. Sharda UniversityIIMs1. IIM Ahmedabad2. IIM Bangalore3. IIM Indore4. IIM Calcutta5. IIM KozhikodeIITs1. IIT Delhi2. IIT Chennai3. IIT Kharagpur4. IIT Roorkee5. IIT Kanpur", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15411012", "title": "First lake overflows, water cut to be lifted on festivals", "text": "MUMBAI: Rain-starved Mumbaikars can take heart in the fact that Modak Sagar\u2014 one of the six lakes that supply water to the city\u2014began to overflow on Wednesday. The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) has, therefore, decided to lift the 10% water cut on festival days.Confirming the decision, additional municipal commissioner Manisha Mhaiskar told TOI, \"As of Wednesday, Modak Sagar has started to overflow, and we have enough water stock to last us at least 236 days. Thus, we have decided that on festival days of Ganeshotsav, Gokulashtami and Eid, we will supply the normal amount of water in the city.\"Civic standing committee chairman Rahul Shewale said, \"Since it has been raining well in catchment areas, the administration has agreed to lift the water cut on festival days.\"Certain corporators, though, remained sceptical. Pravin Chedda, senior Congress corporator, said, \"This announcement is only a ploy to distract people from gross (water) mismanagement. Even the Middle Vaitarna dam (which lies above Modak Sagar) cannot be used to its full capacity.\"Mhaiskar responded, \"If we allow the Middle Vaitarna dam to fill up to its full capacity, it would submerge the state public works department (PWD) bridge near the dam. This year, we will be able to only release 275 million litres a day. The excess water will be released into the Vaitarna river and it will flow down into Modak Sagar.\"Other corporators like Asif Zakaria complained of civic apathy. \"There has been an acute shortage of water in Bandra; it seems more like a 50% water cut. When I approached the ward office, they told me that they had the tanker ready but they did not have a driver.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15413355", "title": "Man held for nine car thefts", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A man who allegedly stole nine cars in three months from Satellite, was arrested by city police on Wednesday. The accused, Mulsinh Gaud, a resident of Rajasthan, was nabbed during patrolling.According to Satellite police Gaud confessed to having stolen nine Maruti 800 cars from various housing societies in Satellite. \"He is part of a racket linked to Rajasthan. In his confession he said that he worked for a scrap dealer in Rajasthan,\" said a Satellite police official.Gaud claimed that he used to run a provision store in Jodhpur, close to his home. His business didn't do very well and was often struggling to make ends meet. He met a scrap dealer who made him a lucrative, albeit illegal proposal. \"The dealer told Gaud he would pay him Rs 15,000 for every Maruti 800 car he stole and handed over to him,\" said a Satellite police official. Gaud zeroed in on the state, especially Ahmedabad. \"He made frequent visits to the city in the last three months. He said he got an additional Rs 3,000 from the dealer for each trip. The money was for food, lodging and the petrol needed to drive the stolen car back to Jodhpur, Rajasthan,\" said the official.Police say Gaud prefered stealing old cars because they usually didn't have expensive security systems that have become the norm in newer vehicles. \"He claims that he needed just 15 minutes to unlock a Maruti 800 car and zoom away,\" said Satellite police officials.Police are now trying to piece together Gaud's thefts in the city. \"We have taken out all the car theft complaints registered with us over the last nine months. A team is now headed to Rajasthan to track down the dealer,\" said Satellite police officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15417217", "title": "Simran Kaur teams up with Gippy Grewal for Best Of Luck", "text": "The ravishing Simran Kaur Mundi, is back to where she started from - in the world of fashion. Though she's secured her ranks among actresses too, both in Bollywood and Punjabi industry, Simran can't but disassociate herself from the world of glamour for very long. This long-legged beauty who bagged the title of 'Miss India Universe' in 2008 debuted into tinsel town with 'Jo Hume Chahen' previous year. And while her Punjabi film is underproduction, Simran is now set to endorse a fashion week in Punjab. Though her first movie unfortunately didn't fare well at box office, it fetched her recognition and opened doors to the acting world. \"I wasn't sure about acting as a career for me. My main goal after winning that pageant was to be a top model which I did achieve. In fact, I was to move to London for modelling when this movie happened. So acting is a new bug that has just bitten me. And I have become quite passionate about it now. Everyday is a learning experience for me and I am graduating into movies now,\" she smiles. Considering the fact that Punjabi cinema is booming with blockbusters like Jatt &amp; Juliet , and Carry On Jatta, being a hardcore Punjaban does she see her future in Punjabi cinema? \"Of course, I am doing a Punjabi movie Best Of Luck with Gippy Grewal and Jazzy B. Punjabi cinema is coming out well and in next 10 years I see it in a prominent place. Plus, hailing from a Punjabi family I have a soft corner for this state and would love to contribute towards its cinema in future too.\" Ask her about the work she wishes to do and she says, \"I want to do such films where I will get an opportunity to showcase my talent as an actor. Also, I would love to play a princess like Cinderella once in my life.\"  Reported By - Sheeba Bhagat", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "15412208", "title": "Criminals' bid to loot SBI ATM in Hazaribag foiled", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Criminals made an abortive bid to loot the cash box of an SBI ATM unit located on Canary Hill road here in the wee hours of Wednesday. The robbery attempt was, however, foiled when an alert security guard raise the alarm forcing the criminals to flee without the cash.Sadar police station OC Dinesh Kumar Singh said four masked criminals armed with revolvers arrived at the SBI ATM at about 2.30 am and entered the cabin of the ATM centre and overpowered the security guard. When the security guard put up a resistance, he was assaulted and then tied to a road side lamp post. They then began breaking the ATM machine with iron rods, the OC said.Occupants of a passing vehicle saw the security guard tied to the electric pole and stopped to rescue him. When the guard informed them about the bid to loot the ATM, they raised an alarm forcing the criminals to flee without the money. The ATM machine had over Rs 35 lakh at the time of the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15415439", "title": "Manesar case raises questions about the role of Police", "text": "If it is true that the mob that unleashed violence in the Maruti factory at Manesar was merely 100-strong, it raises some very serious questions about the role of the Haryana police contingent present on the spot. Common sense would suggest that the police could have done much more to prevent the situation turning as ugly as it did leading to the loss of a life. The Haryana police must investigate whether this was the case and if so take disciplinary action against the concerned officers. It should also put in place a standard operating procedure for such situations in the future.Related story: Maruti mob was just 100-strong", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15412515", "title": "Monsoon strengthens in Rajasthan", "text": "JAIPUR: Widespread rain lashed various parts of the state on Wednesday with Nadbai in Bharatpur district recording a rainfall of 13 cm. After a lull, the monsoon activity in the state has strengthened since Sunday. Heavy rain was witnessed in some parts of eastern and southern Rajasthan.In the state capital, school-going children were seen wading through puddles. Some were sporting colourful raincoats even as others were caught unaware and got drenched in the morning rain. Daily commuters had a tough time reaching their destinations as waterlogged roads led to traffic chaos at most areas including JLN Marg, Malviya Nagar, Jawahar Nagar, Shastri Nagar and MI Road.The city again witnessed moderate showers in the evening. According to the Jaipur met office and irrigation department data, Jaipur received nearly 80mm rainfall till 8.30 pm, possibly the season's best figure so far.Other districts-Kota, Jhalawar, Baran, Bhilwara, Udaipur and Ajmer-too recorded moderate rainfall. After a gap of few hours, rain returned to lash parts of some districts in the evening. Some parts of Kota, Baran and Jhalawar districts saw rain-fed rivers, ponds and other water bodies swelling with water from the neighbouring Madhya Pradesh flowing into these. This is proving to be beneficial for paddy farmers.\"If the monsoon activity strengthens over the coming few days it will compensate the poor spell in July,\" said Sonaram, a Kota-based farmer.Several places in the state recorded heavy rainfall. Mount Abu received 7cm rainfall, while Sirohi recorded 10 cm rainfall. Met office predicted that the ongoing spell will continue over the next 48 hours in eastern and southern parts of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15411211", "title": "Fake students swallow up funds of Rs 1,500 crore", "text": "HYDERABAD: As per official records, more than half the amount released under the fee reimbursement scheme last year has funded studies of non-existent students. The BC welfare department's records state that till 2011, a total of 16,000 had availed of the scheme while, in 2012, that number has fallen to 10,111. That was after the government made a three-step verification process mandatory for the scheme.The records reveal that about Rs 1,500 crore of the Rs 2,500 crore (more than half the funds)which was released under the scheme last year was drawn by various college managements by submitting bogus student records. While the records of 25,000 out of a total 18 lakh students have been found to be fake, the government suspects that at least 1.5 lakh students who are enrolled under the engineering, MBA and MCA courses are bogus. The anomalies were exposed after the state government verified online registration records of colleges and followed that up with manual inspections and verification. Throwing light on the reasons behind the delay in the annual release of funds under the scheme, officials said that most of the amount allocated under the same could have gone to managements' coffers had they not conducted verification of records.The details of the reimbursement scam have surfaced at a time when the state government has already undertaken measures to reduce the financial burden of the scheme. Officials stated that surprise visits will be made to colleges to unearth anomalies by managements.The special task force which is supposed to inspect technical education institutions, starting this year, will go through even the attendance records and examination ledgers of colleges to see whether the students whose names areenrolled under the scheme were actually attending classes. \"The colleges are believed to have paid candidates up to Rs 10,000 in instalments to use their details and avail of the scheme. The managements had even appointed brokers to fish for such candidates who agree for fake enrollments,\" said an official of the department.The special task force would inspect the strength and attendance records of colleges to eliminate such fake cases. In the inspections to be conducted by the special task force, the strength and attendance records of colleges will be checked to eliminate any such fake cases.\"There are CBI inquiries currently on in some colleges. The state government will file criminal cases against the managements if they are found guilty of fraud,\" said an official.Officials said that forging of records was rampant even in B.Ed and M.Tech courses. \"We are yet to verify the records of students who are enrolled in intermediate colleges,\" said an official, indicating that more skeletons might come out of the closet.College managements, however, maintained that the state government is targeting them after they won the case in favour of a uniform fee structure. \"The details given out by the department are just assumptions made by the concerned ministers at a previous meeting held in February this year. The allegations were not corroborated by evidence,\" said a college official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15412081", "title": "Cheating case: One more held by CBI", "text": "PUNE: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), Pune, on Wednesday arrested Nasik-based Sanjay Shitala Singh alias Sareshwar Guruji (45) for allegedly acting as a mediator to collect money from several people on behalf of Paresh Thakur (32), son of Amravati divisional commissioner Ganesh Thakur, in an alleged cheating case.Singh is the second suspect arrested in the case. The agency had earlier arrested Paresh Thakur who is now out on bail. On May 2, the CBI had registered a complaint of cheating against Thakur. He had allegedly posed as the director of the Maharashtra State Krishi Vikas Shilpa Kendra, an organisation authorised to implement a 20-point programme on behalf of the government.A verification conducted by the CBI had revealed that no such organisation had been authorised to implement the programme. The agency said Thakur had allegedly duped people by offering them jobs and taking payments from them through Singh.The incident came to light after Nasik-based medical practitioner Prasad Prabhakar Sonawane registered a complaint with the bureau. He alleged that Thakur took Rs 3 lakh from him through Singh and issued him a fake appointment letter as the district director of Nasik district to implement the programme.According to the CBI, the Maharashtra State Krishi Vikas Shilpa Kendra has already been banned by the ministry of statistics &amp; planning, which implements the 20-point programme. The CBI had earlier sealed Thakur's flat at Kothrud.Inspector Swati Desai produced Singh before chief judicial magistrate, seeking CBI custody for four days.Special public prosecutor Vivek Saxena told the court that the custodial interrogation of Singh was necessary to identify the people from whom he had collected money.Saxena said that Singh had acted as a mediator and created confidence in the minds of the victims by saying that Thakur was a government official who could issue appointment letters for the post of district director.Singh's lawyers Sagar Kothari and Narayan Pandit argued that the CBI did not possess evidence of cheating against their client. They pleaded that Singh be sent to magisterial custody as the CBI had completed the investigation.The court upheld the prosecution's plea and sent Singh to CBI custody till August 10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15417478", "title": "Shivanna Suvarna Sambhrama turned out as a mega event", "text": "The Shivanna Suvarna Sambhrama function organised by actor Shivaraj Kumar's fans held at Chowdaiah Memorial Hall on Wednesday evening was certainly a mega event going by the enthusiastic participation of fans and fim personalities.A large number of film personalities including Ambareesh and Ms. Bharathi Vishnuvardhana were present. A huge number of fans had emerged for the event.A tribute was given to Shivanna's contribution to the industry in last 25 years and Shivraj Kumar thanked everyone for supporting him in all these years.Source: chitraloka.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15412965", "title": "BMTC bus hits tree after driver suffers epileptic attack", "text": "BANGALORE: Around 6.30am, a BMTC bus driver suffered an epileptic attack at the wheel of a Majestic-bound bus coming down Bellary Road. It careened off the highway at Nalapad Junction near Cauvery theatre, and its left side slammed into a tree. Four passengers and a conductor escaped with minor bruises as they were all seated on the right side.The driver Mahadeva suffered minor bruises. He was rushed to hospital where his condition is stable.On February 3 2011, BMTC driver Mallikarjuna Bavi, 32, suffered a heart attack while he was getting ready for duty. The second such incident in just above six months has raised questions about the state of health of BMTC drivers who ferry lakhs of Bangaloreans around the city.BMTC chief labour welfare officer GG Hegde said BMTC conducts regular health camps. \"We have made the eye checkup mandatory but with this incident we'll make a health checkup also mandatory. All employees are provided access to medical facilities at prominent hospitals,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15412084", "title": "Ramdev's protest starts today, no word on Anna joining in", "text": "NEW DELHI: The blow hot-blow cold relationship between social crusader Anna Hazare and yoga guru Baba Ramdev continues. After swearing solidarity to each other's causes and posing for photo-ops in their fight against corruption, there was silence from the Hazare camp a day before Ramdev's Ramlila agitation kicks off.Sources said so far, there were no plans for Hazare to return to Delhi to participate in the agitation, setting off speculation that the anti-graft activist was upset with the yoga guru over his praise for Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi .Asked whether Hazare would join him at Ramlila ground, Ramdev told reporters in Ahmedabad, \"Annaji has more than once publicly promised that he is joining me on August 9, so now it's up to him to decide.\"\"We have appealed to every social, religious, political and spiritual organization to join our movement. So, anyone can come and join us tomorrow,\" he said when asked if Arvind Kejriwal or Kiran Bedi, key members of the now disbanded Team Anna, would be present at this protest site.Meanwhile, Bedi tried to put up a brave front, tweeting, \"Causes are higher than persons... We need to focus on causes not persons. Baba's cause, like Anna's IAC movement for Jan Lokpal bill, is for all of us. And for the benefit of the country. We all must support it or else we will all lose.\"Besides his main agenda of pushing for black money to be brought back from abroad, Ramdev said he would focus on a host of other matters like Lokpal bill, making CBI independent and a more transparent procedure for appointing election commissioners, CAG, CVC and CBI director during his indefinite stir.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh/sirsa", "code": "15414652", "title": "Kanda\u2019s Sirsa, Chandigarh homes wear deserted look", "text": "CHANDIGARH/SIRSA: It seems all the well-wishers and the near and dear ones of the tainted former Haryana minister Gopal Kanda didn't take much time to abandon him. Once thronged by visitors, mostly arriving in SUVs, his home in Sirsa and official residence in Chandigarh have been wearing a deserted look ever since his name figured in the police FIR for driving Geetika Sharma to suicide.While hardly anyone has visited Kanda's residences, the former minister himself has not been seen in Sirsa or Chandigarh since Sunday when Delhi police had registered a case against him.Kanda's official residence in Sector 18 in Chandigarh, which used to have a lot of guests from across Haryana as he was handling important portfolios of industries, home as well as local bodies department, has not seen a single visitor in the past three days.Five security guards from Haryana police, two cooks and two personal staffers appointed by Kanda himself are the only ones present at his residence in Chandigarh. They spend the entire day scanning newspapers or watching television.\"Sahib always used to come here on Mondays and Tuesdays and the place used to swarm with people. But after the case neither sahib nor people have come here,\" said Rajesh, a helper.Always beaming with activities, Kanda's palatial house on Rania road in Sirsa also looks desolate as his family members had left the place on Sunday itself. The helpers have locked the big wooden doors from inside and no one is allowed at Kanda's residence anymore.\"Kanda's place used to have a lot of visitors day and night till a few days ago. I have not seen even a fly entering this place since Sunday,\" said Nirmal Singh, owner of a confectionary store situated right opposite Kanda's house.\"I used to keep my shop open till 11pm because of Kanda's visitors. Now I am closing my shop quite early,\" added Singh. \"The cavalcades of Gopal Kanda and his brother Govind Kanda have been missing for the past three days. And not even a single member of Kanda family can be seen in the house. Even the guards at the doors are missing,\" said Neeraj Kumar, who owns a mobile shop near Kanda's house. His neighbours said last time Kanda came to his house was on Rakshabandhan on August 2 when he was surrounded by hundreds of women. \"And on Sunday a police case was registered against him,\" added Shiv Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15411567", "title": "CID sleuths identify Marathi complainant", "text": "HYDERABAD: \"Savitha was identified and her statement saying that it was she who wrote the complaint in Marathi was recorded. Besides, her handwriting samples were taken and the evidence will be sent to forensic science laboratory,\" CID officials informed the Nampally criminal court.KV Reddy used this letter to lodge a complaint at the Mukhed police station by mentioning Lakshminarayana's cell number and claiming that he was receiving threatening calls from it.KV Reddy, who was produced in court on Wednesday after his police custody, moved a petition seeking 'B' class prisoner status at the Charlapalli jail, where he is presently lodged. The court is yet to take a decision on it. In a related development, Ramakrishna Raju on Wednesday withdrew the petition he had filed in the HC, challenging the case against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15414473", "title": "Girl shot dead, dumped on road", "text": "LUDHIANA: The crowded Pakhowal Road came to a panicked stop when the body of a 21-year-old girl was found dumped there on late Tuesday night. Police said the victim, Maninder Kaur, was shot in her neck. Commuters spotted the body in Basant Avenue and informed the police.Maninder was reportedly working as a manager with a multinational food outlet at a Ferozepur Road mall. She belonged to Dera Baba Nanak of Gurdaspur district, police said, adding Maninder had been working in Ludhiana for the past few months.SHO of Sadar Harinder Singh Chameli said the victim was in her uniform and after checking various outlets throughout the city, they came to know that she was working at the Ferozepur Road mall. Police officials inquired about the victim's background from the employees of the food outlet and came to know that Maninder was staying as a paying guest in BRS Nagar.Additional deputy commissioner of police, zone 3, Joginder Singh said the deceased left her workplace at 9.15pm on Tuesday on her two-wheeler. According to the statement given by the victim's roommate, Maninder reached home around 9.30pm and she received a call a few minutes after that. Police said the victim told the caller that she was coming and left on her two-wheeler. Though the body was found in Basant Avenue, the vehicle was found parked at Bharat Nagar Chowk, leading to a suspicion that the girl was murdered somewhere else.Police said they were questioning the victim's colleagues and the ADCP said they had also questioned a Patiala-based youth who was in contact with Maninder.The body was sent to civil hospital for postmortem examination that was conducted on Wednesday.The SHO said preliminary investigation had revealed that Maninder first shifted to Ludhiana around three years ago and joined the food outlet.She was apparently transferred to Amritsar later. The victim had returned to the city a few months ago, the police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "15412048", "title": "Myanmar narcotics smuggler held in Silchar", "text": "SILCHAR: BSF and Assam Police, in a joint operation, nabbed a Myanmar national from this southern Assam town, along with narcotics and Indian currency, on Tuesday night.A senior official of BSF's Mizoram-Cachar Frontier on Wednesday said a joint operation was conducted by the troops of the border guard's Mashimpur (Silchar)-based frontier headquarter and 142 Battalion BSF, in association with police, after inputs by BSF's intelligence wing. The smuggler was caught from Rangerkhari locality of Silchar town. Thirty grams of narcotics, suspected to be heroin, and Indian currency of Rs 44,500 was found on him.The arrested smuggler was identified as Lungakaselav (50), a resident of Hakha village in Lairam Chingtai district of Myanmar.After questioning, it was learnt that Lungakaselav crossed over to India on July 28 through Indo-Myanmar border in Mizoram and stayed at different places, including Aizawl, till August 6 in search of buyers.It is learnt that a Mizo woman provided him shelter in Aizawl and also arranged a guide for him to reach Silchar. This was aimed at marketing of narcotics smuggled from Myanmar in this part of Assam.Lungakaselav, along with the seized items, was handed over to Assam Police for further investigation. On Wednesday, he was produced in court, which remanded him in police custody for two days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "katihar", "code": "15411811", "title": "Katihar court asks for case diary and FSL report", "text": "KATIHAR: Katihar district and sessions Judge (DJ) B N Pandey on Wednesday called for the case diary as well as Forensic Science Laboratory (FSL) report while hearing the bail petition of BJP MLC Ashok Kumar Agrawal.Agrawal is in jail for allegedly killing his employee Dhiraj Mahto inside the guard room at his residence cum petrol pump at Mirchabari, Katihar, on July 17. The first term BJP MLC, who has since been suspended by his party, was arrested from his residence on the night of July 22 amidst tight security cover. The Katihar court of the DJ has posted the case on August 23 when it would again hear his bail petition.The lawyer and Katihar Bar Association secretary Bijay Kumar Jha, assisted by lawyers Kishore Kumar Singh and Jagdish Sah, pleaded for bail to the MLC mainly on two grounds. The lawyer averred that the MLC's bodyguard Awadh Kishore Yadav had confessed before TV channels' cameras that Mahto was killed when his carbine went off when he was cleaning it. The second argument they trotted was that the MLC Agrawal was in conversation with the headmaster of Hari Shanker Narayan High School, Jagan Paswan, in the adjoining room when the employee was killed. He was not inside the room where the killing took place. They wondered why the investigating officer had not bothered to quiz and record the statement of such a key witness.Meanwhile, Yadav has been suspended, according to police sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "sirsa", "code": "15416550", "title": "Delhi police team swoop down on Kanda's Sirsa residence", "text": "SIRSA: Within hours after Gopal Kanda, Haryana's former minister and accused of Geetika Sharma suicide moved an anticipatory bail in Rohini ourt of New Delhi, a police party conducted raids on his palatial house and other places on the night intervening Wednesday and Thursday.Gopal Kanda is elusive from Delhi police after investigating officer (IO) of the case served notices to him, Aruna Chadha to join the investigations. Kanda has reportedly gone missing since Sunday night.Headed by Aish Mohammad, an assistant superintendent of police (ACP) a six-member team of Delhi police who include inspector Satpal Yadav, Sub inspector Ajay Singh, and three constables namely Ravi Rana, Bijender and Anuj Kumar reached Kanda palatial house on Rania road here at around 12.00 am.After spending some time there at the house, the team then went to Kanda's MDK International school, the school where slain Geetika Sharma was one of the trustees of managing committee.In all, the raiding party is learned to have spent around one hour both at school as well as Kanda's residence. Raiding party refused to comment over the purpose of visiting Sirsa. It is learned that some police parties are also conducting raids on Kanda's Gurgaon and Chandigarh residences in addition to his hotels as well.Gopal Kanda, the Sirsa MLA is the main accused of a case under section 306 IPC registered on the basis of suicide note left by Geetika Sharma, an ex director of MDLR group. In her suicide note Geetika had blamed Kanda for forcing her to take that extreme step.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15413621", "title": "23 held in granite quarries' scam in Madurai district", "text": "MADURAI: Cracking the whip on granite firms accused of large-scale illegal quarrying in Madurai district, police have arrested 23 people employed in four granite firms, on Wednesday.The 23 people, holding supervisory positions in the granite firms, are charged with offences of abetment to illegal quarrying and criminal conspiracy. The police raided 12 places including offices of the granite firms and residences of the arrested persons before nabbing them. The police have launched a hunt for more persons including the owners and licence-holders in the firms, who are on the run. Few of them have also approached the courts seeking anticipatory bails.\"Of the 23 arrested, 14 are from PRP Exports, three from Sindhu Granites, two from GG Granites and four from Madura Granites. Though they are employees of the granite companies, they were pretty well aware of the illegal quarrying and thereby accomplices in the activity. They were also beneficiaries in the illegal quarrying,\" said a senior police official.The arrests come in the wake of cases being registered against six granite firms, including Olympus Granites in which Union chemicals and fertilisers minister M K Alagiri's son, Dayanidhi, is a partner. Cases were registered under various Sections including 379 (theft) and 447 (trespass) and Section 3 (1) of Tamil Nadu Properties (Prevention of Damage and Loss) Act. However, the police have not arrested anyone from Olympus Granites during the day-long raids.Madurai SP V Balakrishnan said that five teams commenced the raids in the morning simultaneously. The raids went on till late evening at 12 places, including the office and residence of PRP Exports owner.The owner of PRP Exports - P R Palanichamy (60), his two sons P Senthil Kumar (37) and P Suresh Kumar (31) and son-in-law A Maharajan (25) have filed anticipatory bail application in the Madurai bench of the Madras high court apprehending arrest in a case registered by the Keelavalavu police station. Alagiri's son, Dayanidhi has also filed an anticipatory bail petition in the high court bench.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15411570", "title": "All-girls teams to rise for Janmashtami", "text": "NAGPUR: Taking a cue from the latest song 'Go, go Govinda', filmed on Sonakshi Sinha and Prabhu Deva in the film 'Oh My God', a dahi handi mandal in the city has also introduced the competition for women. For the first time in the city, the fairer sex will have a go at pot breaking in an event being organized a Friday, the day after Janmashtami.Sanjay Khule, a member of the Itwara Navyuvak Mandal which has announced this event, says that the effort is to draw attention to the girl child and the evil act of female foeticide. \"The first four teams to register are assured of a prize of Rs11,101. Even if fifty women agree to participate our effort will be fruitful,\" says Khule.The rules have been relaxed for the girls. Besides the lowering of the height, water would not be thrown on girls as they climb up to reach the handi.Congress corporator Abha Pandey, who is the convener of the event, says that there was some initial reluctance among the participants but the enthusiasm levels have picked up. \"Such events have been organized in Mumbai but our city girls are no less and I am sure they will perform well.\"Former corporator Snehal Gotmare, who is leading a team, is in the thick of a practising session. \"If boys can do it, why can't girls break the dahi handi,\" she says.Gotmare has put up a team of 30 girls in age group of 17 to 22 years. \"The height of the handi for girls' team will be around 20ft. We plan to reach our target in three layers,\" she informs.Also excited with the event is another participant Shilpa Kakde who is a BCom final year student. She is also a power lifter. There are 16 participants in her team representing Jai Durga Navotsav Mandal. Admitting that this one is tricky, she informs that her teammates are practicing with full vigour. \"We have been told that the height of the handi would be around 17 to 20ft. That appears to be very achievable,\" she adds.Matching the excitement of the participants is trainer Mangesh Zoting. Agreeing that it is not easy to train the girls at such a short notice, Zoting says that he has devised a technique which the girls are picking up. \"Forming a pyramid requires proper balance for which the weight distribution should be proper,\" he says.Most crucial is the person who climbs to the top and breaks the handi. \"The entire responsibility of successfully breaking the handi is on the person who climbs to the top. For it, a very young boy or girl has to be trained,\" he said. Zoting is training a six-year-old girl for this task.\"Our boys' team has been winning this event for the last so many years. So the girls' team from our mandal has to win it too,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15413740", "title": "Harrowing time for students at skipping competition", "text": "BHOPAL: The district rope skipping competition organised by the school education department turned out to be a nightmare for the participating students who had to wait for over four hours due to a print error in reporting schedule.District education officer (DEO) C M Upadhyay said, \"The notice that was issued for Bhopal district was actually a replica of the Rajgarh district's notice that was circulated to the students. It was stated that the reporting time for the competition was 7 am while for Bhopal it was to supposed to be 11 am. The change was not made and hence the fiasco.\"\"An enquiry has been instituted as to how this happened,\" he said.Parents as well as students participating in the competition were highly inconvenienced as firstly they had to reach Model School TT Nagar, the venue, so early. On reaching there the parents and students found the school gates were closed as per the orders of the collector and no officials were present.Finally after much ado, the officials came late only to take the attendance of the students and call them on Thursday for the competition.Angry parents protested over the incident. \"This is absolute mismanagement on the part of the authorities. I even called the DEO who said he will get back in a while but never did! The corporate houses should take over such events as there is often such negligence during the government organised events,\" Jagmeet Kaur, a parent said angrily.Another parent Amrita Muley whose child studies in St Joseph's Co-ed, Arera Colony said, \"The letter from DEO's office stated that the reporting time was 7 am. We reached only to find the gates closed. After much calling up they were finally open. But the authorities arrived after 9 am. Only the attendance was taken and the participants were called again on Thursday 3.30 pm onwards.\"Not the first timeThe parents also complained that this wasn't the first time such irregularities had taken place in a sports event. On August 4, at a swimming competition held at Kalpana Nagar the event started at 12 pm while the reporting time was 9.30 am. \"No event chart was there leaving the participants confused as to when their event timing was,\" said a parent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15414348", "title": "'Don't violate BRT interim order\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court warned that it will take a serious view of any violation of its interim order to allow mixed traffic on bus lane in the BRT corridor.A bench comprising acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw said on Wednesday that they will hear the state government's reply to a contempt plea on August 13 while hearing the main PIL against the corridor.\"If they are not complying with our order, we will take serious note of it,\" the bench remarked after the counsel for petitioner, Nyaya Bhoomi, alleged that the government refused to facilitate mixed traffic on the BRT despite orders.The state government told HC that it has been allowing private vehicles on the bus lane ever since HC extended the interim arrangement arrived at by the Central Road Research Institute to conduct trial runs. Appearing for the state government , senior advocate K T S Tulsi argued there is no contempt of court made out against the government as it has already thrown open the bus lane to other traffic and the arrangement has continued since then.HC had sought replies from the government on a plea seeking contempt action against it for not allowing cars to use a road lane reserved for buses on the BRT, despite orders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15413046", "title": "Govt seeks clarity on high court\u2019s ruling over self-financing colleges", "text": "KOCHI: Following two recent rulings by the Kerala high court with differing emphases, the state government is confused on who is ultimately responsible for oversight of self-financing professional colleges.\"We need to have clarity regarding our role in matters concerning self-financing colleges. Therefore, we will be consulting the advocate general and then decide on the future course of action,\" said S Ajikumaran, department of higher education additional secretary.Concerned with the poor pass percentage in private engineering colleges, a HC division bench on June 28 wanted the government to wield the stick. However, in its judgment on Tuesday another division bench insisted that once AICTE grants approval to an institution there was no scope for further objection by the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15412631", "title": "Govt: Chinese parts in arms sold by US under lens", "text": "NEW DELHI: India, which has emerged as a major importer of American military hardware, is verifying reports about \"faulty spare parts made in China\" being used in defence equipment sold by the US to other countries.In a written reply in Rajya Sabha on Wednesday, defence minister A K Antony said the entire issue of Chinese spare parts being used in US weaponry was being examined. \"There have been media reports in this regard which are being verified,\" he said.India was the second-largest FMS (foreign military sales) customer of the US in 2011, notching up imports worth $4.5 billion. From almost negligible defence imports earlier, India has inked with US defence deals worth over $8 billion over the last 10 years.Antony said the several contracts signed in the last five years ranged from amphibious warship INS Jalashwa, UH-3H helicopters, Harpoon anti-submarine missiles, long-range acoustic devices, modern hull-penetrating periscopes to specialized aircraft like the C-130J 'Super Hercules', C-17 strategic heavy-lift C-17 Globemaster-III and P-8I long-range maritime reconnaissance planes.Reports earlier had said that the US Senate Armed Services Committee, after a detailed investigation, held counterfeit electronic parts from China were \"flooding\" into critical American military systems, including special operations helicopters and surveillance planes, and were putting American troops at risk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15411989", "title": "Take action against \u2018illegal\u2019 parking: High court", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Wednesday directed the suburban collector to visit a stretch of road from Priyadarshini Circle to Buntara Bhavana Marg in Kurla following complaints of illegal parking. A trustee of the Bunt Sangh Bhavan Trust said the illegally parked trucks and generator vans along the stretch of the road in Kurla (E), some of which have been parked for years on the road outside a women's hostel that the Sangh runs, were causing nuisance.An HC bench expressed displeasure that authorities were not responding to the complaint, including eve-teasing by drivers. Lata Shetty, president of the Bunts Mahila Sangh, moved HC against the BMC, traffic police, suburban district collector and Wadala RTO for their failure to remove the illegally parked commercial vehicles. The Bunt trust has three colleges in Kurla (E). The petitioner's lawyer, Pradeep Havnur, said hostel residents and faculty members were facing inconvenience due to the trucks and their drivers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15412511", "title": "12 escape from juvenile home, 3 held", "text": "JAIPUR: The lofty claims of tight vigil at the juvenile home in Transport Nagar fell flat again on Wednesday night when 12 children aged between 10 to 14 years escaped from the home.The incident came to light at 9 pm when the guard spotted the window of one of the bathroom broken. After the counting of the inmates, it was found that 12 were missing and the matter was reported to the police.\"We have nabbed 3 out of the 12 juveniles and a team is patrolling the areas to nab the rest who escaped,\" said Babulal Bishnoi, circle inspector, Transport Nagar.Three juveniles were roaming around Sethi colony area from where they were nabbed and handed over back to the juvenile home.This is probably the second incident of the month as earlier on July 25 seven juveniles have escaped from the home. In last incident, they had broken the iron mesh of the barracks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15413629", "title": "Seema Azad, Vishwavijay vow to oppose 'black laws'", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Reiterating their resolve to take on the official machinery in the state for injustice perpetrated on them, Seema and Vishwavijay Azad, the couple released from jail after two and half years in the wake of high court order, told mediapersons on Wednesday that they were arrested by the police on charges of Maoist linkages and working against the country in Allahabad in 2010.Expressing her views, Seema who is the UP unit organising secretary of the human rights group, Peoples Union for Civil Liberities (PUCL), said: \"The official machinery has accidentally emboldened my spirits to fight for human rights for wrongly confining her in jail for over two years.\"Vishwayvijay also recited a poem composed by him in jail which he termed as a 'living graveyard' where he was confined for more than two years.PUCL national secretary Chitaranjan Singh said that there were more than a 100 persons in jails of Mirzapur and Sonbhadra who have been lodged under false cases of harbouring Maoists.The organisation was gathering details about these prisoners and would soon fight for their release. A large number of human rights activists as well as those fighting for their rights for water, land and forest are facing repression at the hands of official machinery, said Singh.The PUCL, in its nationwide campaign against 'black laws' including TADA, UAPA, AFPSA and section 124 A(sedition) of IPC, will also work for action against police and administrative officers who were misusing the stringent provisions of the existing laws, he added.PUCL national vice-president Ravi Kiran Jain hailed the HC verdict in Seema and Vishwavijay's case and said that human rights activists from all parts of the country, including Dr Vinayak Sen , will assemble at a convention against \"black laws and repression\" to be held at Allahabad University Students Union building on Saturday.The convention, organised by the umbrella organisation of human rights and civil liberties groups, Kala Kanun Evam Daman Virodhi Manch, will also be attended by Prof Jean Drez, Himanshu Kumar, Sandip Pandey, Nilabh, Girish Mishra and Chitaranjan Singh.Besides PUCL, Azadi Bachao Andolan,Progressive Writers Association, PUDR, AISA, AICTU,PUHR, Jan Sanskriti Manch, AITUC, Inquilabi Chatra Morcha and several other organisations will take part in the convention.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15411583", "title": "Ramdev to return to Ramlila Maidan", "text": "NEW DELHI: Fourteen months after he was hounded out of Ramlila Maidan in a midnight police action, yoga guru Ramdev will return to the venue on Thursday for another round of protest to demand the repatriation of black money stashed abroad. The campaign, timed with Janmashtami, Independence Day and Eid, has set police on alert.\"We will use six companies of police in the morning and reduce the strength by two companies at night. Each speech will be videographed and the organizers have been asked to install CCTV cameras like last time. Since we have permitted attendance of 35,000 supporters, we will lock down the venue for a couple of hours and let the bomb squad make a thorough search before allowing the organizers to take over the venue. Each supporter will be frisked,'' said an officer.Top officers refused to say whether police will carry batons this time. The use of force by a few policemen last time had led to FIRs being registered against them under directions of the Supreme Court. Later, during Anna's protests, police did not carry batons even when provoked. \"No decision has been taken on it yet,'' said the officer.Sources said senior police officials visited the venue after a heavy downpour on Wednesday. \"We have told organizers to make adequate arrangements for crowds as the ground is slushy. We are yet to hear about Ramdev's programme. The organizers have sought permission to fast here, but there was no talk about fasting unto death,'' said an officer.Baba Ramdev will leave Ahmedabad at 6 am and reach Delhi at 8.15am. He will first visit Rajghat and Shahidi Park to pay his respects to Mahatma Gandhi, and arrive at Ramlila Maidan at 9.30am in a procession. He is likely to address the gathering and declare the nature of the protest at 10am.Ramdev's supporters will start their day at the maidan with yoga at 6am. \"Thousands of people from Assam, Nagaland, Karnataka, Tamil Nadu and even Andaman and Nicobar islands have already gathered. People from over 600 districts will hold processions and candle-light vigils in their respective towns and villages,\" said Ramdev's spokesperson SK Tijarawala.Ramdev's second round of protest will also witness an expansion of his agenda from black money to the lokpal Bill, making CBI independent and a more transparent procedure for appointing election commissioners, CAG, CVC and the CBI director.Ramdev has said he has no political agenda and the second phase of his protest will be announced if the government does not agree to his demands. Anna Hazare , who had earlier announced that he would join Ramdev at his protest, is unlikely to be present at the venue on Thursday. One of his aides said, \"As of now there are no plans\" to come to Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15410910", "title": "Maharashtra govt defends school uniform policy", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government is fighting back to justify its stand to decentralize the school uniform procurement and supply system for the schools run by government, semi-government and civic authorities across Maharashtra.It is saying the textile handloom corporations which supplied the fabric to schools bought it from private handlooms as there are no government mills operational in the state.The state will be responding on Thursday to a PIL that has challenged the new system which enables the schools to independently place orders for the fabric with money being supplied by the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15413336", "title": "Janmashtami: Tableau items flood markets", "text": "LUCKNOW: With Janmashtami round the corner, the city is dipped in festive spirit. The markets are flooded with a variety of items required to celebrate the festival. To set up tableaux at homes, stone and clay idols, to bright dresses and handicraft items, everything is available in the market. Decorative items such as mukut (tiara), haar (necklace), jhule (swings), and bansuri (flute) are major attractions.Shopkeepers in the markets are doing brisk business as there is a good sale of readymade items to celebrate the festival. \"Readymade items such as silk dresses are in vogue. People today have no time to stitch new dresses at homes, and so they buy readymade ones from us. The most sought after is the silk dress with gota with morpankh print on it,'' said DP Srivastava, a shopkeeper in Aminabad.Arundhati Saxena (43), a housewife endorses the same. \"When I was a child, I used to make tableaux at my home by gathering all items. But today, it's easy as everything is available in the market. All we need is to spend money,'' said Arundhati. She added that today, children prefer to walk out of their homes and see tableaux set up at various places.While many show their devotion by fasting whole day and breaking it only at the stroke of midnight after Lord Krishna's birth, others devote two days to fasting on Janmashtami. It is only at midnight between the first and the second day that the birth of the Lord Krishna is celebrated. The actual festivities begin at midnight in this 48-hour period. At homes, Lord Krishna's idol is put in decorated little cradles which devotees rock amid chanting of bhajans like Jai Kanhaiya Lal Ki, Madan Gopal ki and blowing of conch shells.Saroj Baijal, a housewife said, We follow all rituals. The idol of Lord Krishna is placed inside a cucumber which signifies his birth. We also sing bhajans and distribute prasad to everyone in the night.'' Another housewife, Seema Gupta said, We and our neighbours celebrate the festival together. Children dress up like Kanha and Radha.\"An ardent Krishna devotee, Pradeep Srivastava shared that in households, people prepare traditional food items such as panjiri, shrikhand, panchamrut, and other delicacies. We still prepare things at home rather than buying it. At least, it's pure.''For 70-plus Mishri Devi, Janmashtami holds a special significance in the city of Nawabs. It is believed to be the land of Lakshman, who in his later incarnation was born as Krishna's elder brother Balram,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15416265", "title": "I feel at home in Ahmedabad: Sushant Singh", "text": "Sushant Singh Rajput has been to Ahmedabad several times and this time he tells us how much does he love the city. \"I have been to Ahmedabad few times on different occasions, and every time I come here, I always get to see something new! Roads, malls, buildings everything is so developed that the city looks at par with any other metro. People are very warm here, but I feel they need to wear helmets when they are driving two wheelers. Chief Minister Narendra Modi has done amazing developments for the city, and I am almost sure he will soon be our prime minister,\" he says.His last few visits have been short but when he was in Ahmedabad last to shoot for his UTV and Abhishek Kapoor's Kai Po Che , he was here for almost two months. \"When I was shooting for my film Kai Po Che in Gujarat, I had an amazing experience. I remember when I was shooting in one of the pols in old Ahmedabad, a man came to me in middle of the shot and was adamant that I speak to his daughter on the phone as she loved me as Manav in Pavitra Rishta. I was completely shocked! I must say people here are very loving and spontaneous.I also had the best time in Vadnagar (Mehsana district), where we were shooting near a temple that was 100 years old. With the kind of welcome and love I receive in Gujarat, I just feel at home,\" expresses this Delhi guy.As far as the food is concerned, the biggest reason why Sushant likes the city is for its \"lip smacking food. I love street food, so I gorged on the eight-flavoured panipuri and mouth watering golas where you have delicious concoctions topped with fruit chunks and cubes, chocolates, rabdi, tutti-fruiti, condensed milk and cherry. I tried flavours like chocolate, raw mango, kalakhatta, fresh fruit (orange, kiwi , strawberry, mulberry and pineapple. Although I was here during the summers, I occasionally enjoyed gorging on aam ras and chaats. I also had a great time sampling Gujarati cuisine. Though this city is dominated by Gujaratis, I was surprised to see yummy non-veg food. It is good to see cuisine from all across the globe here.\"The fun for Sushant didn't end here, he also had a chance to have a blast on the rides in a fun fair - \"it's something I haven't done in the past. I thoroughly had a great time. People here are friendly, and that's why I can boast of some friends I have in this city.\"We are sure his experience in the city is one of the most memorable one that he will always cherish in a special corner of his heart!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15413524", "title": "Emu farming scam: Main culprit on the run", "text": "COIMBATORE: Ever since the emu farming scam came to light, all offices of such contract farming firms in Salem, Erode and Coimbatore have been closed. When police began a massive manhunt on Tuesday, for the key player in the scam, managing director of Susi Emu Farms, M S Guru, several senior players in the business went underground to evade arrest. Investigating officials who searched Guru's residence found that his entire family is on the run, since the scandal broke out.In Perundurai, the emu hub, all 28 firms involved in the dubious business remained closed. Anxious investors were seen outside many of the closed firms with signed contracts, hoping to get some answers.More than 500 victims thronged the head office of Susi Emu Farms in the morning, shouting slogans demanding the return of their money. They raised slogans against Guru and film personalities Sarath Kumar and Sathyaraj (TOI report on Tuesday erroneously named Bhagyaraj as one of the brand ambassadors), who promoted the business through television advertisements. The protestors blocked the road in front of the office. Police pacified the agitators, taking them to a marriage hall located nearby, so that they could register their complaints with them.Talking to TOI, Erode district collector V K Shamungham said stringent action would be taken against the culprits under Tamil Nadu Protection of Interests of Depositors (In Financial Establishments) Act 1977. The properties of the perpetrators would be attached and proper compensation to the victims would be ensured, he said.Shamugham was the first collector in the region to warn the public against investing in emu farms long before any complaints were registered. In the beginning, people were carried away by television and newspaper advertisements. With celebrities endorsing the adverts, there was enormous response to emu farming though the returns promised were unrealistic,'' said the collector.S Abbas, a victim from Seyampatti village said he had invested Rs 6 lakh in the business, after selling off all his properties. An electrician from Puducherry, Abbas ventured into emu rearing after he saw the television ads. \"Just last month I paid the final installment of Rs 1.5 lakh,\" he said. P V Selvaraj, son of P Venkada Gouder of Veerapandi near Salem, said his father had also invested Rs 6 lakh but was cheated. R Esawaramoorthy had sold his land to invest Rs 3 lack in Susi Farms. He had switched to emu rearing when he lost his job in a garment factory in Tirupur.Meanwhile, tahsildars in Erode district have started identifying assets owned by emu farming companies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "15412261", "title": "Lohardaga students write exams in verandas, college labs", "text": "LOHARDAGA: About 600 students of BS College, Lohardaga's sole constituent college, on Wednesday wrote their Part I undergraduate examination papers in verandas, laboratories, common rooms and even on staircases.The college is facing a huge shortage of proper classrooms. Nearly 1,400 students of principal Hindi, history, Sanskrit, Urdu and economics (hons) appeared for MIL (Hindi). Ranchi University has scheduled the examination for this subject on August 8 and 31 to manage the large number of candidates.Of the 1,400 examinees, about 600 had to write their papers sitting on benches across the verandas in the boys' and girls' common rooms, botany and zoology labs and even on the staircases where.Undertrial prisoner Vikas Oraon was among those appearing for the examination and special arrangements were made in the teachers' room for him. He has been in Gumla jail for three months as an accused in an extortion case. A group of policemen brought him to the college for the exam. He is a regular student of this institution and resident of Lohardaga's Kuru block.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15414629", "title": "Cops kick in lane driving norms", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a bid to make people aware about lane driving, the Chandigarh police on Wednesday was seen giving lessons to motorists at various points on Madhya Marg on the stretch covering sectors 7, 8 and 9.Police initiated a drive to make people aware about lane driving norms and also to enforce these around three days ago. Police have also started issuing challans to violators. However, many city residents are still unaware and confused about these rules.\"We are giving lessons at various points in Chandigarh in a bid to make people aware about lane driving norms. Traffic was halted for a few minutes on Madhya Marg and motorists were briefed about the rules on Wednesday. We are also answering all queries regarding lane driving,\" said Kewal Krishan, traffic inspector.Superintendent of police (traffic) Maneesh Chaudhary said that it would take about three to four months for people to understand and become accustomed to lane driving.On its first day of enforcement on Monday, UT traffic police had issued 40 challans to people who violated lane driving norms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15413357", "title": "CA entrance: 11 from Ahmedabad among top 50 in India", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Eleven students from Ahmedabad have found a place in the top 50 who have cleared the Integrated Professional Competence Course (IPCC) examination, the result for which was declared on Tuesday. The IPCC exam is the gateway to the Chartered Accountancy.Jagravi Shah bagged get third position in the exam that was conducted at an all-India level. She said that there are seven CAs in her family. \"I had never imagined that I would get such a high rank. I just followed the rule that you must practice a lot. I will try to get a good rank in the CA finals also,\" she said.Ahmedabad's IPCC result has been 26.71 per cent this year. The national result is 19.39 per cent. President of Ahmedabad chapter of the Chartered Accountants' Association Nauttam Vakil said,\" We have had a good result this time. Ahmdabad has emerged as a hub of CAs.\"Utsav Sanghvi, who obtained rank 18 at the national level, said, \"I want to become an IAS as my father is an executive magistrate in Bhavnagar. Since there is time before I can appear for the IAS preliminary exam, I have decided to complete my CA meanwhile.\"In 2011, a city girl had figured among top ten in the national CA examination. A total of five students from Ahmedabad were among the top 50 in the final exams. The topper from city was Nisha Khanchandani who made it to the top 10 ranker's list in the country in the All India Chartered Accountancy (CA) results.Nisha stood ninth in the country. In 2011 Ahmedabad candidates had posted a result of 23.19 percent in the CA final exams of the new course held in May 2011. The all-India result was 28.67 per cent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15417737", "title": "Civic body initiates speedy disposal of pending cases", "text": "MUMBAI:As per the records of the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC)'s legal department, the civic body's law committee has stated that there are as many as over 75,000 pending cases, as of June 2012. The civic body has adopted measures for speedy disposal of these litigations, as it is losing out on thousands of crores of revenue for the past few years.The BMC are in the process of appointing 20 new lawyers for this purpose. The civic body has claimed that the number of pending cases has risen over the years due to lack of speedy disposal by courts. This report was prepared based on a directive from the former commissioner Subodh Kumar.Over 40,000 cases pending are pertaining to encroachments, small and petty matters, over 9,000 cases involves the BMC and currently pending in the city civil court pertain to alleged illegal constructions. There are over 18000 cases pending concerning writ petitions and property tax disputes in the Bombay High Court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15412103", "title": "PCMC finishes 4.5 km of pipeline, remains optimistic about the rest", "text": "PUNE: Stiff opposition from farmers in Maval taluka has brought the Rs 400 crore Pavana pipeline project of the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation to a standstill.After the firing incident in August 2011, the district collectorate had issued a stop work notice to PCMC. While no work of laying the pipeline has been completed in Maval taluka, the municipal corporation has laid the pipeline in its limits on a 4.5 km stretch. The PCMC is hopeful that an amicable solution will be found.The project entails laying of two parallel pipelines on a 35-km route from the Pavana dam in Maval taluka to the filtration plant at Nigdi in Pimpri-Chinchwad. At present, the municipal corporation draws 428 MLD (million litres per day) water from the Pavana river at Ravet, a fringe village coming in the municipal limits.The pipeline project was first conceived in the 1990s when a discussion on the water supply issue came up at the general body meeting. The corporators passed a resolution approving the project. However, there was no progress for nearly ten years.After 2005, the civic body began planning for the project. Civic officials say the aim was to get clean water directly from the dam which will help reduce purification costs. At present, water is polluted due to domestic and industrial effluents released in the Pavana river at various places from the dam up to Ravet village.In May 2008, the then water resources minister and the present deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar laid the foundation stone for the pipeline project.Meanwhile, the Bharatiya Kisan Sangh had filed a writ petition in the high court in 2009 saying that a large number of people in villages, who were dependent on the river water, would be affected. During the hearing of the petition, the state government had appointed the chief engineer of the water resources department, Pune, as the primary dispute resolution officer (PDRO), under the provisions of the Maharashtra Water Resources Regulatory Act, 2005.After hearing the stakeholders, the PDRO, in its order in January 2010, concluded that the water pipeline project, which entails less wastage of water, would not adversely affect the requirement of irrigation and drinking water.In its report, the PDRO stated that opposition to the project was not proper as there would be a saving of about 1 TMC water, lost in the river due to transmission. The report had concluded that the present and future requirements for irrigation and drinking purposes will not face any shortage.The BKS had raised several issues in its appeal. It said that 54 out of the 72 gramsabhas had opposed the project and that the PDRO had not given weightage to the minutes of the meetings held with the gramsabhas.The BKS said water lifted by the PCMC from the Ravet bund was sufficient to meet the present and future requirements. The authority, however, came out with its findings on the issues and concluded that there is nothing deficient or erroneous in the PDRO's order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "15411005", "title": "Did scribe die of swine flu in Gondia?", "text": "GONDIA: The news that the cause of death of Deepak Tiwari, the district correspondent of Hindi daily Bhaskar, who died in Nagpur on August 5, was swine flu has spread a scare in Gondia district. In a special meeting, Deputy Director of Health Services, Nagpur Manohar Pawar is reported to have directed all government doctors in the district to be alert.Tiwari was admitted in Gondia's Bajaj Hospital on August 3 and was diagnosed to be suffering from pneumonia and was referred to a private hospital in Nagpur. But it is now learnt that Dr Bajaj had also expressed apprehension that it could be swine flu.Tiwari's blood sample was sent to a private laboratory in Nagpur. Meanwhile, Tiwari died on August 5. His funeral was performed in Amgaon on August 6. On August 7, the lab was reported to have given positive report of swine flu.So president of ZP Gondia Netram Katre immediately asked vice president Vinod Agrawal to contact DDHS Nagpur, Manohar Pawar, DHO Dr BR Meshram, medical officer of Amgaon Dr Chnadrakant Wanjari and divisional coordinator of NRAHM Dr Amle and an urgent meeting of all government doctors was called on Tuesday evening. It was decided in the meeting to isolate all 35 relatives of Tiwari for one week and keep them under observation.All citizens have also been requested to report to nearest government hospital in case of any complaint of fever, cough, throat infection, diarrhoea, or any other complaints like this. Precaution was also taken to insure that enough stock tamiflu tablets were available in all PHCs. The blood sample has also been sent to national chemical laboratory for confirmation, Katre said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15414910", "title": "More water released, flood threat looms large", "text": "KANPUR: After releasing 2.69 lakh cusecs of water into river Ganga from Narora dam and Haridwar in past 72 hours, fresh amount of 3.35 lakh cusecs of water has been further released into the river. TOI in its edition of August 6 had brought out that 2.69 lakh cusecs of water has been discharged in the river, which had sufficiently flooded the ghats. Now 3.35 lakh cusecs would further raise the water level and this is the largest discharge of water into Ganga so far.The river on Wednesday was recorded to be flowing at 112 m mark when the last reading was taken. As of now the water has reached close to the villages of Katri region. As many as a dozen villages would be affected by flood if it sets in.The rising Ganga has started creating panic in the minds of the people living in Katri belt. The Ganga was reported to be dangerously flowing and was rising by half-a-centimetre with each passing hour.The gravity of the situation could be gauged from the fact that the ghats in Bithoor have completely submerged under water. Similar was the situation at the city ghats. All the prominent ghats are flooded with water.The locals of the ghat informed TOI that water has increased drastically in the river in the past two days. Heavy rainfall in the hills and release of water from Narora Dam has been stated to be cause of floods in the river.It is also important to mention here that for past one week, almost every alternate day fresh lot of water ranging in lakhs of cusecs is being released in the river Ganga. Thus, Ganga has enormous water in its course.Apart from the increased water level, the water currents in the river could also be noticed. This has increased risk for those who take holy dip in river each day specially temple priests and those living on the ghats.The threat also looms large over the low-lying areas of Bithoor and Katri. Chainpurwa, Rampur, Kallupurwa, Ramanihalpurwa, Natharampurwa, Chotta Mangalpur, Bada Mangalpur, Pahelwanpurwa, Mughanpurwa, Devnipurwa etc are the villages of Katri belt that will face flood situation if river rises further.The district administration after witnessing a steep rise in the water level has become alert. With the Met department's prediction that it will rain heavily in the days to come it is for sure that the water level would further increase. The situation is also turning alarming in Shuklaganj area. The low-lying localities and villages of Shuklaganj run a risk of getting submerged under water.Some 13 villages of Katri belt are under siege from river especially the Chainpurwa village. The locals of Katri are and are ready to evacuate if water reaches close to their fields. As of now district administration has identified all the flood relief centres and has been making preparations for purchasing more boats.A senior district official informed TOI that if water column rises by another 1.5 feet, the villagers of the Katri belt would have to be moved to safer places. It is expected that those who would be moved out, will be made to stay at Ganga Barrage. The official added that the risk looms large over Chainpurwa village the most as it the closest village to the river Ganga. The district official himself termed the situation to be critical but added that the situation was under control. \"We are in contact with Katri village pradhan Ram Das regarding evacuation of villagers if river rises further\", said the official further.The situation at ghats has become grim, which is completely submerged under water. Parmat ghat, Rani ghat, Tiwari ghat, Bhairon ghat, Hospital ghat, Gola ghat, Sarsiyya ghat and Massacare ghat are all flooded with the flood water. The locals of the ghat are the worst affected lot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15413525", "title": "US Congressman Hansen Clarke defeated in Democratic primary", "text": "WASHINGTON: Congressman Hansen Crake, the first US lawmaker of Bangladeshi descent has lost in the Democratic Party primary from Detroit, as a result of which he would cease to be a member of the House of Representative next year.Clarke lost to Gary Peters 29 to 39 percent in the Democratic Party primary held for the newly drawn Greater Detroit area 14thDistrict on Tuesday.Praising the role of Clarke as a US lawmaker, Democratic leader, Nancy Pelosi said from his first days in the House, he made his presence known as a fierce fighter for the rights and protections of homeowners - in Detroit and nationwide - hardest-hit by the foreclosure crisis.\"Hailing from the 'motor city', he worked to ensure that manufacturing jobs stay on our shores and pay our workers a decent wage, and he acted to invest in new technologies.He pushed legislation to protect our homeland security and promote a responsible foreign policy,\" she said.\"It has been an honour and a privilege to work with Congressman Clarke to advance the cause of fairness, justice, and a strong and thriving middle class,\" Pelosi said adding that she looks forward to working with Clarke for the remainder of the 112th Congress.Clarke was born in Detroit. His father Mozaffar Ali Hashim, migrated to the US from part of India, which later became Bangladesh. Hashim married to African American mother, Thelma Clarke.He was first elected to the Michigan House of Representatives in 1990 and served one term before being defeated in the Democratic primary in 1992.Later he was elected to Michigan Senate and re-elected in 2006.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15410935", "title": "Not only gutka, paan masala cancerous too: Health experts", "text": "MUMBAI: The humble areca nut has a killer edge. It can, for instance, cause oral cancer.After the state recently decided to ban manufacture and sale of gutka and paan masala, their manufacturers petitioned the Bombay HC on the \"unfairness\" of equating their products with food.Health experts contend that while gutka with its tobacco content is easy to recognize as a health hazard, there is little awareness about paan masala's contents. \"Many don't seem to realize that paan masala contains areca nut,\" said Dr Pankaj Chaturvedi, cancer surgeon from Tata Memorial Hospital.\"The large number of oral cancer cases in India is attributed to widespread usage of tobacco. However, a lesser known reason is the rampant areca nut chewing,\" he added.The latest edition of Contemporary Clinical Dentistry journal gives an indication of the rampant use of areca nut and its scented products among the most vulnerable section\u2014children. The study showed that almost 27.06% of the almost 4,000 schoolchildren surveyed in Indore had areca nut chewing habit.The WHO and International Agency for Research on Cancer have classified areca nut as a group 1 human carcinogens.FDA chief M Zagade said betel nut consumption has ballooned ever since it was available in pouches as paan masala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15411191", "title": "Firewood scam comes to fore in NMC", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) is incurring huge revenue loss as the agency appointed to cut down trees, which are in danger of toppling over, is selling the firewood in open market instead of depositing with NMC. The scam came to light when the agency sold the firewood obtained after cutting down a big tree in Shankar Nagar instead of depositing it at Ambazari garden, on Tuesday.According to NMC officials, an agency has been appointed on contract basis to cut down unstable big trees. Besides this, the same agency has also been assigned with the work of cutting down uprooted trees. NMC spends thousands of rupees every year on this work.According to sources, NMC's garden department officials have been entrusted with the job of supervising the agency's work. They have been instructed to get the work done in their presence and also ensure that the contractor deposits the firewood at Ambazari garden. The civic body then sells the firewood to an agency with which it entered into a tie-up in December 2011. According to the agreement, the said agency has to deposit Rs2,100 per tonne for the firewood with NMC before collecting it.Sources told TOI that the agency could procure less than 10 tonne firewood only from the NMC in last eight months. \"Agency has literally stopped purchasing firewood from the civic body as the existing stock is of no use as a result of being stored in poor condition. Also, fresh firewood, whose per year quantity is estimated to be at 500 tonne, has mysteriously stopped arriving at Ambazari garden.\"On Tuesday, this reporter witnessed the whole process. Five labourers, appointed by the agency, cut down a giant tree near Nag river in Shankar Nagar. They then loaded a part of the firewood on a pick up truck at around 5.30pm. The truck then went towards the Medical Square. After sometime, some more wood from the remaining quantity was loaded on a bullock-cart. This too headed towards Medical Square.On enquiring where the firewood was being taken, the man driving the cart, he said that the it was being taken to Lashkaribagh. The pick up truck came back at around 8pm and loaded the rest of the firewood.On checking it was found that the contractor had deposited only 595kg of firewood at Ambazari garden at 9pm and that too after the reporter informed one of the garden inspector about the matter.Just 8 pieces of firewood had been deposited at the garden. Besides this, no entry has been made of the amount of firewood deposited in last one month. Around 15-20 big trees had got uprooted in last one month in various parts of the city.Another angle to this scam is that NMC is purchasing 6,700 tonne of firewood per year for its crematoriums and that too at a high rate of Rs4,491 per tonne.The officials of garden department were not available for their comment despite repeated attempts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15411737", "title": "Fodder depots to be scrapped after \u2018scandal\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Complaints of benefits not reaching distressed farmers have surfaced from parts of the state as the government is spending nearly Rs 7 crore per day on fodder supplies in drought-like areas. The administration, to prevent fodder theft, has made video-shooting of its distribution mandatory.With deficient rainfall worsening the situation across a large part of the state, the government has spent Rs 232 crore on fodder supplies since March. A senior state official said the government was now spending Rs 7 crore daily.While official data states that 8.36 lakh metric tonnes of fodder have been distributed, complaints regarding deficiencies in distribution have been raised during independent audits in some areas. In some cases, ineligible persons/dairies had dubiously derived benefits, a field officer said.He said in other cases, eligible candidates drew more than their share. A senior official said distribution records were not being properly maintained.The government has decided to hold back 25% payment of fodder suppliers till results from the digital audit are validated.Concerns of certain big farmers and milk dairies diverting supplies were also raised at a state cabinet meeting on Wednesday. The cabinet decided to discontinue fodder depots from August 15 and cattle shelters will be opened on requirement basis instead. At last count, 344 depots are currently functioning in Maharashtra.But ministers Jaydutt Kshirsagar, Madhukar Chavan, Babanrao Pachpute and Rajendra Gavit were against it. The cabinet also decided to continue tanker water supply to 30.76 lakh people in 1,543 villages till August 31. Collectors will have to decide on supplies thereafter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15412449", "title": "Sariska: Time to tread with caution, wildlife activists say", "text": "JAIPUR: The ghost of the Sariska shame have been exorcised. A newborn cub hold much promise, at least momentarily, to erase all the shame that the Sariska tiger reserve brought to the nation after all its tigers were found to have been poached in 2005.But with the celebrations, conservationist and wildlife lovers feel it is also a time to tread with caution. About 10 to 12 days back, a forester, Ram Prasad was beaten up by villagers at a place in the Sariska reserve that forms a part of the territory tigress ST-2.\"The villagers had let their cattle loose for grazing in the area at night and when the forester entered there for patrolling, he was beaten up. But till date no action has been taken,\" says Dinesh Durani, founder secretary of the Sariska Tiger Foundation.According to him, while the birth of the cub is definitely a celebration but the state forest department must ensure that such interference is not there from villagers inside the reserve. Durani may have a point, for investigations had proved that the death of the first relocated male tiger ST-1 in Sariska in 2011 was due to poisoning by villagers.The tiger had killed a cattle of a villager living in the forest and in revenge, the villager had administered organophosphate, often used as a pesticide, as bait to which the tiger fell.Conservationists feel that the dietary habit of tigers in the reserve should be monitored. \"If villagers poison tigers because of cattle lifting, then this practice can mar all hopes of Sariska. The forest department should have all records of cattle killed by tigers and if the tigers are taking too much toll on the cattle then they should try hard to stop the cattle from entering the tiger territories,\" a conservationist said.\"In fact, keeping in mind the bad track record of Sariska villagers, the forest department should form a committee and hold regular meetings with the villagers to minimize the possibility of poisoning or other such related incidents. If needed, even the compensation sum must be increased so that the villagers do not go bankrupt after their cattle are killed,\" he added.Also on the anvil for Sariska are relocation of more villages from inside the forest and recruitment of forest guards. From about 26 villages that are still in the park, only two have been relocated while recruitment is pending for foresters and guards.However, the state forest department feels that necessary precautions have been taken. \"Since the past two months, we have cordoned off the area where the cub is. No one is being allowed to go there,\" said AC Chaubey, chief wildlife warden, Rajasthan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15413752", "title": "BMC flooded with waterlogging plaint calls", "text": "BHOPAL: The civic body's control room has been inundated with calls for the past couple of days as rains paralysed normal life in Bhopal. Residents began making frantic calls--mostly complaints about waterlogging. Residents also called for help as rain water entered into their houses in different pockets of the city.\"Till this morning, around 3,500 calls came directly to the control room. The number is on the rise,\" Bhopal Municipal Corporation ( BMC) commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastava told TOI.\"Around 750 complaints are pending, rest have been disposed of. We are attending to complaints by working round the clock. There is no delay in attending to complaints,\" he said.\"The calls are not restricted to any specific area of the city. Residents from old and new parts of the city, including Arera Colony, have been calling. In fact, the New Bhopal may have registered more complaints,\" Shrivastava said.Shrivastava and two additional commissioners are constantly monitoring the complaints being received from various areas and their speedy disposal.\"We have asked our officers to address issues concerned with any department. They should not ignore such problems. If the health department faces obstruction in sewage removal, the concerned department should be contacted immediately,\" he added.The corporation is using at least 25-30 water pumps to remove water from basements of commercial complexes in MP Nagar, New Market and Arera Colony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15412157", "title": "Blackout lessons to protect power grid", "text": "KOLKATA: Brace for power cuts, if you don't want a repeat of the blackout of July 31.The collapse of the transmission network has come handy to grid managers to discipline the electricity pathway that had collapsed under \"route jamming\" as several states desperately tried to source electricity from generators located at distant points on the grid map.This won't be allowed any more. States having a supply deficit cannot go for hectic power trading, at least for the time being.States can still source power from remote locations and power trading will continue, but there will be checks and balances to ensure that it is within the route capacity.In the last blackout \u2014 said to be the biggest in the world \u2014 a technical snag in the transmission system from Madhya Pradesh via Gujarat to Uttar Pradesh prompted states to source power through the eastern grid over and above its own load.The sudden surge of power from the western grid jammed the eastern transmission route and triggered the blackout. Grid managers have identified \"route jamming\" as the major reason for the power outage.On Tuesday, they submitted their observations to the high-power technical committee under the Central Electricity Regulatory Commission (CERC) that is investigating the reasons for the blackout.An eastern grid official explained route jamming. \"Imagine what will happen if hundreds of cars start speeding to and fro on EM Bypass flouting all traffic signals. They will choke traffic and cause accidents. The transmission network is simply a pathway for electricity. It has a certain capacity and grid managers usually keep a margin to manage indiscipline in the pathway. If power vendors or a buyer state doesn't pay heed, the pathway gets choked. This problem is different from the drop in frequency that affected the quality of electricity due to overdrawing by states,\" he said.This is a problem that has emerged with the expansion of the grid since 2003 when the eastern grid was connected with the western one and subsequently with the northern grid in 2006.\"An expanded grid always improves resource diversity. Today, a state can source power from anywhere on the grid map because there are private players apart from the state-owned generating plants selling power. But to facilitate this process the government needs to make investments to improve transmission management and maintain the pathway \u2014 the grid,\" a state power official said.The advantage can turn into a disadvantage if the transmission pathway and its back-ends exceed their carrying capacity. \"Overdrawal by a particular state within limits doesn't damage the grid unless it is compounded by other snags in the pathway,\" a power engineer said. Experts argue that the July 31 blackout was not the result of overdrawing followed by under frequency.\"Under-frequency relays cannot avert route jamming. This is a problem created due to lack of coordination between states, power vendors and grid managers. You can't dispatch power in real time in an AC system that DC transmission lines can do. Generators are keen on selling power at higher rates with states drawing them to avert power cuts. But there has to be a balance between the two,\" a power official said.The committee will consider ways to plug erratic \"power sourcing\" and put a cap on transmission. However, with electricity coming under the Concurrent List, power experts feel that a solution can come only if all the stakeholders draw up the rules of the game.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15412602", "title": "Drinking water crisis looms as rains play hide-and-seek", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The drinking water supply network in Thiruvananthapuram and Kollam cities and their suburbs are on the verge of grinding to a halt as the water levels in the Peppara dam and Sasthamkotta Lake have almost hit rock bottom.\"We foresee a major water supply crisis in Thiruvananthapuram and Kollam, if the rains continue to elude the two districts for long. With the water available now, we will not be able to supply water beyond a month,\" said Kerala Water Authority chief engineer (south region), K P Krishna Kumar.Normally, the water at the Peppara reservoir would reach the optimum level in June itself. But the reservoir now has less than 30% water. The KWA depends solely on the Peppara dam for the drinking water requirements of Thiruvananthapuram city and its adjoining areas. Water to the Aruvikkara dam and the pump house there is brought directly from this dam.According to official statistics, the KWA caters to over two lakh domestic consumers in the state capital and the average consumption is 200 million litres per day. The situation might improve if the catchment area of Peppara dam receives a couple of good rains in the next few weeks.\"As of now, we have not introduced any restrictions on water supply. However, in view of the shortage of water, we have stopped supplying water for construction purposes,\" KWA officials said.Meanwhile, the drinking water supply network in Kollam city and its adjoining panchayats is facing an even worse scenario. The water level at the Sasthamkotta fresh water lake, which the KWA depends for the supply needs of the district, has come down drastically. The water levels in the two channels built by the KWA for bringing water from the lake to the pump house have almost dried up.\"We are not in a position to pump water from these channels. While the channels had water up to 1.6 meters height during August last year, it has now come down to 0.3 meters. We are looking at the possibility of pumping water from deeper portions of the lake to the pump house as an interim alternate arrangement,\" said Jacob Chacko, superintending engineer in charge of the Sasthamkotta drinking water scheme.The Sasthamkotta scheme caters to more than three lakh consumers a day as the scheme, apart from the Kollam city, covers over a dozen adjoin panchayaths, including several fishing hamlets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15413194", "title": "Koneru Humpy pulls out of Chess Olympiad", "text": "PUNE: India No. 1 and world No. 4 Koneru Humpy has pulled out of the chess Olympiad in Turkey starting on August 27. Her coach and father K Ashok said, \"Humpy would not like to talk anything about the Olympiad.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15413116", "title": "Railways seeks Cabinet approval of PPP models", "text": "NEW DELHI: Realizing the need to mobilize private investment, the cash-starved railways has approached the Union Cabinet for approval of its Public Private Partnership (PPP) models to attract funds for its stalled and new projects.The fresh move has come after the national transport realized the need to make more investor-friendly policies.Railways' note to the Cabinet Committee on Infrastructure (CCI) has argued that measures such as Railway Infrastructure Investment Initiative (R3i) and rail connectivity to coal and iron ore mines had failed to attract expected investment from the private sector.After inter-ministerial consultations and talks with stakeholders, the transporter has proposed that customers setting up sea ports and large mines needed efficient railway connectivity for which the provision of first-to-last mile connectivity should be construed as an integral part of the main project.The note has proposed that rail connectivity to ports and mines would be developed by the owner or concessionaire as private railway lines by acquiring land and making investments in it. \"This would be declared as a non-government railway (NGR) for public carriage of goods,\" it said.The concessionaire will provide fixed infrastructure and funding. Also, the construction, maintenance and renewal of assets will be done by them.For another PPP model, the transporter said for many doubling/third or fourth line projects which promise quick pay-off, some of these lines could be taken up under competitive bidding through an annuity model for concession periods raging between 15-20 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "panaji/bicholim", "code": "15413018", "title": "Death report delay gets doctor suspended", "text": "PANAJI/BICHOLIM: The state government on Wednesday suspended a doctor from the Sanquelim primary health centre for causing inordinate delay in issuing a death report in a case, which then prevented the family members of the deceased from taking possession of the body for over half-a-day.The insensitivity of the doctor in the case caused an upheaval among locals on Tuesday and also led health minister Laxmikant Parsekar to assure immediate action against the doctor involved, following an inquiry by officials of the directorate of health services.According to those in the know, 40-year-old Mahesh Gaonkar from Kudchirem was admitted to the primary health centre at Sanquelim after he complained of chest pain. He died soon after, the cause of which was identified as a massive heart attack. Dr Shubhada Mandrekar was on duty at the time of the death at the health centre.According to family members, the doctor, instead of preparing the death report, left the hospital soon after the death and this prevented the family members and also the police from taking possession of the body in time. Family members said the negligence caused them inconvenience.After a lot of delay, the death report was finally prepared by another doctor. While the death occurred at around 8.50am, the report was issued at around 1.30 pm, family members said. They said they had to wait for half-a-day for the report before the body was sent to the Goa Medical College and Hospital in Bambolim for a postmortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh/gurgaon", "code": "15414679", "title": "Foreign cows beat desi buffaloes", "text": "CHANDIGARH/GURGAON: Haryana's villages are now witnessing a bovine Olympics where videshi Holstein Friesian (HF) breed cows are taking on popular desi breed Murrah buffaloes.With the increasing interest of farmers in the foreign breed, Haryana is all set to increase cow milk production to 25% from the present 17%, said KS Dangi, director general of animal husbandry department. In Haryana, every household vouches for the quality of buffalo milk \u2014 87% of the state's total milk production is of this variety.\"This breed of cows is now my first priority,\" said Aditya Vir Singh, a progressive farmer of Yamunanagar district, who owns 50 cows of HF breed.Farmers of Yamunanagar district have 35 high-tech dairies with 50 to 200 cows of HF breed each. The Holsteins are gaining popularity in Kurukshetra, Ambala, Karnal and Panchkula districts as green fodder is available in abundance in these areas.\"A Holstein cow gives 10,000kg milk in lactation while the Murrah breed produces 4000kg in the same period,\" Vir Singh claimed. However, Murrah is still the first choice in several parts of the state particularly in Jind, Kaithal, Hisar, Bhiwani, Rohtak and Sonipat districts. An officer with the animal husbandry department in Chandigarh said, \"HF cow gives milk mainly for only two lactation periods while Murrah buffalo gives milk on an average eight terms in its life span. Murrah's meat has more demand in Arab countries while this is not the case with cows, slaughter of which is banned in most parts of the country.\"\"Murrah thrives even in rough and tough conditions while HF cows require very special facilities. HF cows can't survive high temperatures, they are disease-prone and its mortality rate is high compared to Murrah variety,\" the official added.However, Haryana animal husbandry department is promoting mix breed of HF cows and local variety to check spread of diseases. In a bid to popularize HF cows, the government had imported 2,000 doses of HF semen from US two years ago.According to Dangi, the mix breed cows yield around 25 litre milk per day against the normal average production of eight litres by the local breed.A pure breed HF cow can yield up to 50kg milk a day, he added. Holsteins are known as the world's highest milk producing dairy animal. They are mostly bred in Netherlands and have distinctive black and white marks on their body. A mature Holstein cow weighs around 580kg. Murrah buffaloes are originally from Punjab. Black in colour \u2014 also known as black gold \u2014 Murrah weighs around 450 kg.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "15411039", "title": "Video showing cop's 10-year-old son practising at police firing range leaked", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Even before the dust on the alleged harassment of APSP cops by their commandants could settle down, an assistant commandant of Special Protection Force (SPF) found himself in a tight spot after a video footage showing his 10-year-old son taking lessons in firing at the police firing range in Timmapuram on the outskirts of Vizag was doing the rounds here on Tuesday. Sources said a constable who faced harassment at the hands of the officer leaked the footage. The video clipping was taken in December last year.The officer, Venkateswarlu, was seen giving tips to his son on how to shoot the 9 mm pistol at the firing range, which is also used by the elite anti-naxalite Greyhounds personnel. Sources said one of the cops filmed it on his cell phone but released it to the media on Tuesday, probably to cash in on the strong sentiment prevailing against commandants in the state in the wake of the revolt by the APSP cops and their families in various battalions across the state. Venkateswarlu, a DSP rank officer in APSP, was deputed as assistant commandant to SPF two years ago.A senior officer of SPF conducted an inquiry into the incident a few months ago but no action was recommended against Venkateswarlu. \"Though the officer is strict in his duties, taking his young son into the firing range and giving him training is a crime. The firing range is meant for only uniformed security personnel and not for the civilians. Moreover, his son is a minor and using the official weapon also amounts to crime,\" a senior police officer told TOI.Another officer faulted the SPF commandant saying that he should not have taken the young boy to the firing range. \"The boy has no gun license. Also, wasting government ammunition is not permissible,\" he said.The SPF was set up by the state government for provides security at vital installations like secretariat, legislative assembly etc., legislative council and industrial units like KG Reliance basin in East Godavari, Uranium Corporation of India Ltd at Pulivendula in Kadapa and others. Security duties at Tirumala are also manned by the SPF personnel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15413087", "title": "Translation needed, but errors not, says comunidade fraternity", "text": "PANAJI: The translation of the age-old Code of Comunidades from Portuguese into English has been welcomed by some as fulfillment of a long-felt need, but a section feels it is marred by some errors, and being an official version, it needs to be examined from the legal context.The Portuguese government had officially gazetted the Codigo das Comunidades, as the Code is referred to in Portuguese, on April 15, 1961.Comunidades are age-old bodies often referred to as village republics. They carried out development within their lands from self-generated funds. This was till their deterioration set in after Goa's liberation from Portuguese rule.On July 19, this year, the government notified in the official gazette a translation of the original Code done by former additional collector of Goa, Egipsy Noronha Rodrigues, and reviewed by senior advocate, Manohar Usgaonkar.\"The translation was long overdue after the official gazetting of the Code in 1961,\" says John Philip Pereira, attorney of the Nagoa comunidade.\"The Code had never been officially translated, but amendments had been carried out, due to which I had filed a petition in the high court questioning how legislators could carry out amendments to the Code without understanding it,\" he adds.The petition was disposed off after the then advocate general assured the court that an authentic translation would be prepared and published. The process was completed and the translation was published about 21 days ago.But Pereira feels that the matter does not end with the translation. \"As per the official translation, it should be known that the governor is the custodian of the comunidades and nobody can interfere with his powers and the legislative assembly has no powers to amend the Code,\" he says.Any changes to the Code of Comunidades are permissible under Article 652, wherein a general body of all comunidades has to be convened to discuss and take decisions, he adds. But the government has passed many amendments to the Code after Goa's liberation.Some have pointed out errors in the translation and raised issues over the same.An extensive note explaining various legal concepts connected with the institution of comunidades has been added in the official translation. \"The opinion should not have been part of the translated Code,\" says Jose Filipe Melo, a Panaji-based lawyer.Justifying his argument, he explains that if the opinion is erroneous, then it will give rise to disputes. \"As this is the official version and binding on everyone, it may create some problems if there are errors in the opinions expressed,\" he stresses.Comunidade activist Andre Pereira says, \"Adding the commentary was not part of the undertaking to the high court. It was supposed to be only the translation.\"The concept of community lands or village communities has been diluted. \"In the commentary, village lands held by the comunidades are mischievously said to be not commune lands, which they are,\" Pereira adds.The translators have not understood the concept of comunidades. \"When the word comunidades is translated into English, it means communities. But the translators have not even translated this word in the Code nor also the title 'Codigo das Comunidades',\" Melo says.Referring to other errors, he says Article 9, as in the original Portuguese Code, refers to Civil Actions. Under it, comunidades are not entitled to initiate any civil actions without the permission of the administrative tribunal. But the translation states: Comunidades are not entitled to file any civil suits. \"If you go by this, you are restricting the comunidades to take permission from the administrative tribunal for only civic suits,\" Melo says.The translators have not provided equivalents of some terms in the Code either. \"Article 21 refers to Right to Zonn, but its equivalent is not given in the translation,\" Melo says.Cleofato Coutinho, a former member of the law commission, says any translation is bound to have some errors. \"This is not the first translation. There was an earlier one in circulation, though it was not notified,\" he concludes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15410758", "title": "Counselling to restart for PG seats in medical colleges", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Director of Medical Education and Technology (DMET) has decided to hold counselling for PG seats in three government and one private medical college once again on Thursday, officials said.Following the Supreme Courts' recent order to take students as per merit instead of service experience in the government, the DMET has cancelled admissions made earlier.The counselling will be for 86 seats under open quota in MD/MS courses while 87 seats were already been reserved for serving doctors under the in-service category, official sources said.\"After Supreme Court's ruling, we cancelled the previous admissions in open quota and will conduct the counselling again on Thursday at the Institute of Engineers,\" said Sitaram Mohapatra, a senior officer of DMET.The state government's decision to provide extra weightage to in-service doctors from open quota was challenged in the Odisha high court, where the court gave a direction in favour of the government.Later, it was again challenged in the Supreme Court by fresh candidates.The apex court allowed the appeal by aggrieved open quota candidates challenging the Odisha government's decision to grant additional weightage for in-service doctors in the open category though they already have a separate quota.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15412980", "title": "Corporation to bring \u2018illegal\u2019 buildings under tax ambit", "text": "KOCHI: In a bid to prevent revenue loss, the Kochi Corporation is planning to allot building numbers to all unauthorized buildings and then slap penalty three times the normal tax.Both residential and commercial buildings constructed without prior approval from the civic body would be allotted numbers.\"We want to bring in more buildings under the tax ambit to generate more revenue. Squads formed to find tax defaulters will identify unauthorized constructions and prepare a list,\" said mayor Tony Chammany.Town planning committee chairman K J Sohan said the state government will have to issue guidelines on the amount of fine that could be charged depending on the area of unauthorized constructions.On building tax reforms, he said the corporation has already started issuing tax collection forms across its 74 wards for imposing revised taxes.As per the new rule, building owners have to assess tax based on the distance of the building from the street, type of roofing, construction materials used and age of the building.Property owners will have to do a series of calculations to find the basic tax and rebates on the basis of type of construction and plinth area.Owners will also have to provide an undertaking stating that they would be liable to pay fines and face legal action if the details furnished on the forms are found to be incorrect.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "kollam", "code": "15412630", "title": "Renovation work of famous Punalur bridge far from over", "text": "KOLLAM: It's been two years since the renovation work of the Punalur hanging bridge, an archeological monument, began. But the work's tardy progress doesn't offer any clue as to when it will be completed.According to sources, the unavailability of Thampakam (Kampakam), an exotic variety of local wood originally used for the construction of the bridge commissioned in 1877, is the main reason for the delay in the progress of the work.An experiment some time ago using a different variety of wood proved unsuccessful, and this prompted the authorities to seek out Thampakam. And the search by forest officials for this wood ended in the forest areas near Pathanapuram and Anchal six months ago.However, a rule that says that the wood of a rare species can be collected only from uprooted trees turned out to be the next hurdle. Forest officials could collect sufficient quantity of wood needed for the bridge restoration work only after waiting patiently for months together. However, even after procuring enough wood to complete the work, there has been delay in executing the work, said sources in the forest department.An official in archeology department said that was because of the delay in conducting quality test and transporting the wood to the construction site. The loads of wood that had been procured (for renovation work) are now stocked at the Kerala Forest Research Institute, Peechy for quality test.Punalur MLA K Raju said minister for cultural affairs K C Joseph, who had visited the site about two weeks ago, had offered to convene a high-level meeting to discuss the progress of the work and finalize a schedule for opening the bridge.According to G Pramod, senior consultant at KITCO, the tender for the second phase of the work has already been invited, and it is only a matter of time before the work resumes. The first phase was completed spending Rs 28 lakh, and the second phase is estimated to cost Rs 50 lakh.This bridge is one of the oldest British engineering marvels in the state. Built across Kallada River by Albert Henry, it took nearly six years to complete.It was to prevent wild animals from the nearby dense forests entering human habitats through the bridge that Henry conceived the idea of a hanging bridge. The bridge begins to shake whenever someone puts his/her feet on it. And people were initially afraid to walk on it. But that however, kept animals away from the bridge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15412181", "title": "Cartoon row: NCERT finds middle ground", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Ambedkar cartoon in NCERT class XI political science textbook that sparked off a political row in Parliament would be replaced by a photograph of Dr Rajendra Prasad, president of the Constituent Assembly, greeting B R Ambedkar, chairman of the drafting committee.In a move that could put an end to the controversy around pedagogic content, Textbook Development Committee (TDC) of NCERT, the final authority on changes, considered recommendations of the Thorat Committee, comments of the National Monitoring Committee (NMC) and has agreed to accept 30 of the 40 changes suggested by Thorat in class IX to XII political science textbooks. In some cases, TDC agreed on the changes with slight modification. For instance, Thorat panel had said Ambedkar cartoon should be removed. While accepting this suggestion, TDC replaced it with a photograph. \"TDC has struck a fine balance between Parliament's superiority and institutional autonomy of NCERT. The matter should end here,\" a source said.In class IX political science textbook, the committee had said that cartoon on page 67 showing a criminal politician as a dark man and his gunman even darker should be deleted. TDC said either complexion of the characters be changed to bring uniformity, or characters may be changed and even guns can be done away with. The cartoon on page 66 has been suggested be deleted since it does not give the correct interpretation of role of bureaucracy in the context of the Right to Information Act. TDC said instead of deleting the cartoon a note should be added asking students if cartoon exaggerates obstructionist role of bureaucracy in the implementation of RTI.TDC, however, did not agree with panel's suggestion that a cartoon on page 84 be deleted because politicians and institutions are represented as animals. NMC had also not agreed with Thorat's view and said animal symbolism has been used in India for long. TDC decided that instead of deleting the cartoon a short note would be given explaining how it was drawn during the presidency of George W Bush .In class XI textbook Thorat committee had said words 'bows, arrows and axes' may be deleted. TDC agreed to modify the sentence. Thorat's recommendation for removal of cartoon on anti-Hindi agitation on the ground that these are ambiguous was not fully accepted by TDC. Instead, an explanatory note would be added.In class XII textbook, use of two photographs of apartheid to indicate caste discrimination and political rights was recommended to be removed but TDC agreed to delete only the poster on political rights and retain the other one. However, it agreed to delete the cartoon that shows a boy who cannot read English in poor light.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "kannur/kozhikode", "code": "15412864", "title": "Probe into Jayarajan's travel in own jeep", "text": "KANNUR/KOZHIKODE: Home minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan has ordered a probe into the circumstances under which CPM Kannur district secretary P Jayarajan travelled in his own vehicle from Kannur jail to Kozhikode Medical College Hospital on Wednesday.The minister told reporters in Thiruvananthapuram that DIG (Jail) Sivadasan Thaipparambil would enquire into the incident.Jayarajan, who is in judicial remand in connection with the murder of IUML worker Abdul Shukkur, was taken to the medical college hospital for consulting an ENT specialist.Though jail officials claimed Jayarajan had been taken in jail vehicle escorted by police and that he had been transferred to a private vehicle as the police vehicle broke down near Koyilandi, according to some police officials there is something fishy about the whole episode.The Bolero jeep (KL 58 C1717) registered in P Jayarajan's name at Thalassery RTO in September 2009 is presently being used by Patyam Social Service Society.The law does not allow a remand prisoner to be taken anywhere in a private vehicle. A police vehicle or a jail ambulance has to be used for the purpose. Who gave jail officials permission to shift him from the jail vehicle to a private vehicle would be revealed only after a thorough investigation.The Bolero jeep carrying some CPM workers was following the jail vehicle carrying Jayarajan, and after he was shifted to his own vehicle, these party workers escorted him to the hospital. At the hospital, he was received by CPM leaders.Following the controversy, Jayarajan was taken back to Kannur jail in a taxi hired from Kozhikode by police. According to some police officials, the possibility of him making telephonic contact with others cannot be ruled out.Jayarajan was taken to the hospital after he had complained of hearing problems. Doctors in the district hospital here had referred him to the MCH.Meanwhile, district police chief Rahul R Nair suspended two civil police officers from AR Camp here on Wednesday evening. Senior civil police officer Vinod and civil police officer Sajeesh were suspended based on the reports special branch administration in-charge Kuberan Namboothiri and AR Camp deputy commandant V K Nisar, said police, who said a department-level enquiry has been initiated against four more police personnel who escorted Jayarajan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15412030", "title": "CBI team to visit violence-hit areas of lower Assam today", "text": "NEW DELHI: A team of CBI officials is likely to visit violence-hit areas of lower Assam on Thursday after chief minister Tarun Gogoi decided to recommend a probe by the Central agency into the clashes. Although CBI has not registered any case in connection with the fresh spate of violence, a team will be sent to the state to gather preliminary information, sources said. However, CBI officials also claimed that they will look into the modalities of taking over all the cases in Assam violence, as the number of cases is close to 310. \"It is not practically possible for CBI to probe such large number of cases, that too in remote areas of Assam. We will convince government to take only a few important cases related to the conspiracy,\" said a senior CBI officer.After fresh incidents of violence were reported in lower Assam districts, Gogoi decided to recommend a CBI probe into the clashes.The violence between Bodos and minorities has claimed 47 lives in worst-hit Kokrajhar district, 17 in Chirang, four in Dhubri besides 5 killed in police firing last month, officials had said. On complaints that Bangladeshi migrants were in relief camps, Gogoi had said, \"We have got reports that people from other states and areas near Bodoland Territorial Areas District (BTAD) are illegally taking shelter in the camps. Their antecedents will be checked and we will not allow rehabilitation of outsiders. Only genuine Indian citizens will be rehabilitated,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15401260", "title": "Find me a boy and I will get married: Ameesha Patel", "text": "Ameesha Patel is busy these days. Her maiden production, titled 'Paradise Street', is being directed by David Dhawan , and has just gone on the floors.\"The story is set in France of 1960s. It is being shot in Paris particularly,\" informs Ameesha who is all set to tread an all new avatar with Ameesha Patel Productions, it seems. So why did the actress chose Paris to shoot for her first venture as a producer? \"We needed to get the feel right for the film. So we chose Paris,\" smiles Ameesha.We wonder if she wants to work with her brother, Ashmit Patel in future, after the fall out they had. \"If the role demands his (Ashmit's) presence, I would surely want to cast him. However, having said that, I would also like to mention that I cannot be paired opposite him! It will be a case of incest if Ashmit and I are paired opposite each other,\" she grins.And speak about marriage and the actor smiles. \"Find me a boy and I will get married,\" she says. Apart from her home production the actress is also shooting with Sunny Deol for Superhit Bhaiyyaji , which is being directed by Anil Sharma. The two were last seen together in Sharma's Gadar Ek Prem Katha . Ameesha is ecstatic to be paired opposite Sunny after eleven years. \"On the first day of the shoot I went and hugged Sunny for over five minutes. I was so happy,\" she shares with a smile.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15411254", "title": "Anti-Corruption Bureau notices to three liquor manufacturers", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) probing the liquor syndicate scam has issued notices to three distillers including United Spirits Limited (USL), owned by liquor baron Vijay Mallya , asking them to explain why they offered cash discounts to the syndicates in order to promote their brands through illegal means.Apart from USL, the corruption watchdog has issued notices to Pernod Ricard (Seagram's) and Sab Miller. ACB DG B Prasada Rao on Wednesday confirmed to TOI that notices were issued to these three liquor makers seeking explanation regarding their cash transactions with the syndicates, but refused to divulge any details.According to sources, ACB stumbled upon the scam while investigating the syndicate formation in retail sales to sell liquor above MRP (maximum retail price). The records seized from Nunna Ramana of Khammam, the main accused in the scam, revealed that the liquor manufacturers paid to the retailers through the syndicates who acted as illegal distributors or agents, to promote their brands. \"As per the documents seized, thousands of crores have changed hands, while many politicians including a member of parliament are prominently figuring in the scam,\" the sources said.The sources said that a ruling party MP from the coastal region is an unofficial distributor for the Mallya-owned USL Group in the state. The popular brands of USL include Signature, Royal Challenge, McDowell No 1, Romanov (vodka), apart from beer. Seagram's popular brands in the state include Royal Stag, Blender's Pride and Imperial Blue while that of Sab Miller include Haywards beer. While the scam linked to the retailers is about selling liquor at the rate well above MRP, the distillers are alleged to have violated the MRP through cash discounts so that a retailer gets the stock at much cheaper rate.As per the AP State Excise Act 1968, the distillers have to distribute their products through the Andhra Pradesh Beverages Corporation Limited (APBCL) which is the sole entity authorized to act as wholesale distributor. \"As per rules the distiller should supply their products to APBCL from which retailers buy the stocks and take a trade margin of 28%. And the tender conditions of APBCL restrict the distillers from engaging distributors or agents to promote their brands. However, the records in possession of ACB are learnt to have revealed that many well-known names in the state are acting as unofficial distributors of the liquor manufacturers. For pushing a certain brand, the retailer is then paid a neat sum by the distiller through an illegal distributor,\" said the sources. \"Thanks to cash discounts, some of the retailers are able to sell liquor under MRP, while many others violate it to sell much above the marked price and for both the irregularities, the syndicates are to blame. Unless we curb this menace, no fair play can be expected,\" said Rayala Subba Rao, president of AP Wine Dealers Association.Confirming the receipt of the ACB notice, an official in Sab Miller said his company was consulting legal experts to prepare a reply. \"We have received the notice. The ACB has asked for certain details and we will reply at an appropriate time in an appropriate manner,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15413800", "title": "Assam govt should stop violence and enforce law and order", "text": "The political debate on the violence on Assam is likely to centre around the issue of 'illegal migrants'. Whatever the merits of either side of that argument, the administration needs to focus on a much more urgent task - enforcing law and order now. It cannot allow ethnic cleansing to be used as a method to 'solve' the issue and it cannot be a silent spectator to the large scale murder of the residents of the state. The Assam government and police must act immediately to halt the violence and to bring all those indulging in it to book. In this, they must not be influenced by which community the perpetrators of the violence belong to and whether or not they have a legitimate grievance.Related story:  Assam violence polarizes House", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15414435", "title": "IIT professor to head drainage study", "text": "NEW DELHI: A study to prepare a master plan for drainage that will offer a long-term solution for waterlogging in the city would be undertaken by a team led by IIT professor A K Gosain, the city government told Delhi high court on Wednesday.\"The task of taking effective measures for long-term redressal of problem of waterlogging in the NCT of Delhi, by preparing master plan of drainage, has already been approved by the cabinet of NCT of Delhi,\" the action taken report (ATR), filed by the irrigation and flood control department (IFCD) informed court.The IFCD report was in response to an earlier direction of a bench headed by Acting Chief Justice A K Sikri for detailing the action taken to solve waterlogging problems. The report said the cabinet , headed by CM Sheila Dikshit , had appointed Gosain, HoD of the civil engineering department at IIT, Delhi, as consultant in charge for preparation of the master plan that would aim to solve water woes for about 30-35 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15411051", "title": "Hariharan and Nagpur singer Tanuja Nafde regale", "text": "NAGPUR: Once again it was left to the celebrity performer of the evening to take charge and pacify the restless crowd. At the Vasantrao Deshpande hall on Wednesday, city singer Tanuja Nafde was in concert with Pt. Hariharan. The programme began one and half hours behind schedule after many catcalls and shouts from the audience who grew tired of hearing the musicians tuning up on stage and the anchor mouthing encouraging words to keep them seated.Setting the pace of the programme which was to be a fusion of contemporary and classical styles, Tanuja took the stage first with a slow Punjabi number. Only part of the blame for the average singing could be put on sound effect, the rest has to be taken by singer who could not raise the bar even with 'Tum se naina laga ke' which gave her ample scope to display her classical timber.The duet with Hariharan 'rang do apne rang piyaji', from her album had Hariharan explaining to the audience why she could not deliver. \"Tanuja is a classical singer and is singing while standing for the first time. It is difficult as it changes the approach of a singer,\" he said.Once Hariharan was left alone at the microphone he took charge of the stage and the audience. On a cue from them, he began with 'Kaash aisa koi manzar hota.' Getting chatty with his fans he rearranged the lights, got the ones in the auditorium switched on and had a one on one with his admirers who sang with him, clapped and even goaded him to sit down when he said that standing and singing is really difficult.He followed the soulful 'patta patta buta buta' with the evergreen Mehdi Hasan ghazal 'dekh to dil ya jaan se utha hai, yeh dhuan kahan se utha hai,' referring to Hasan as his 'roohani ustad'. Changing tracks with a fusion of blues with thumri 'saajan ghar nahin aaye mera joban beeta jai', he later had audience on their feet as he rendered the superhit Roza.The event was organized by Aadhar Bahuuddeshiya Sanstha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15412702", "title": "Charges framed in IPS officer Narendra Kumar 'murder' case", "text": "INDORE: The special CBI court here on Wednesday framed charges against the sole accused Manoj Gurjar in the IPS officer Narendra Kumar's killing case.The chargesheet filed by the CBI against Gurjar on June 6 had blamed the tractor trolley driver of culpable homicide not amounting to murder. Kumar at that time was posted as the Sub Divisional Officer of Police (SDOP) at Banmore.Charges under sections 304 (culpable homicide), 353 (use of criminal force to prevent a government official from discharging his duties) of the IPC and Section 181 of the Motor Vehicle Act were framed against him.Gurjar is accused of running over Kumar when the officer tried to stop the tractor trolley loaded with illegally-mined stones on March 8 in Morena district of Madhya Pradesh.Gurjar denied the charges and pleaded innocence through his lawyer Mahendra Morya. The defence lawyer told reporters that the next hearing is scheduled for August 23.The court did not make any observation on the appeal filed by Keshav Dev, the father of the slain IPS officer. Dev had expressed dissatisfaction over the CBI probe and demanded a fresh inquiry saying that the investigating agency had ignored the hand of the 'mining mafia in the murder of his son'. The petition is still pending before the court, Mourya said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15413762", "title": "Seven Anna Nagar buildings sealed for violation of norms", "text": "CHENNAI: Seven buildings in Anna Nagar were sealed by Corporation of Chennai on Wednesday on charges of violating building norms and unauthorized construction. Most of the buildings were approved as residential plots but carried commercial activities.At some places spaces meant for parking were converted into commercial space, at others there was more floor space than allotted. One even had an extra floor. \"We are shocked at the audacity of some of their modifications,\" said a corporation official. The corporation had sent a notice to the owners more than a month ago on the violations. \"We gave them lot of time to make changes but no one did,\" he said.For example, at 'Designer World', a garment shop, another building was coming up on space meant for parking. \"The main building has also taken up more space than allotted,\" said an official.The owners, on the other hand, were not amused. \"We were given a notification two months ago, others got it more recently. This is not fair,\" said Rani Kamal of Designer World. The building in the parking area was almost complete, she said. \"We have applied for approval but they sealed it before we got it,\" she said.At Poppat Jamal &amp; Sons, owners and workers were asked to leave before it was sealed. The popular crockery shop had built an extra floor without approval.Zone 8 corporation officials said carrying out such drives in posh Anna Nagar was difficult. \"Everyone knows someone. My phone hasn't stopped ringing since morning,\" said an official.Just as officials were getting ready to set out for the sealing exercise, local ward councillor K Mallika's husband was seen at the zonal office trying to convince them to give some leeway to some of the shops.Corporation officials said they would continue to survey buildings in Shanti Colony and 2nd Avenue. \"We have been receiving complaints from residents. Violations will be identified and action will be taken,\" said corporation commissioner D Karthikeyan.A 'monitoring committee' was formed with the Chennai Metropolitan Development Authority to survey buildings and identify violations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15413552", "title": "Fiza was facing threat to life: UP social activist", "text": "LUCKNOW: A Bulandshahr-based social activist who was close to Anuradha Bali alias Fiza has claimed that she was facing threat to her life and was about to reveal it before the Press very soon. Salim Alvi, who is a contractor by profession, has also claimed that Fiza had no faith in the Haryana police and hence wanted to address a press conference in Bulandshahr or Delhi on August 9.Bali's highly decomposed body was recovered on Monday from her Sector 48 residence in Mohali. She hit the headlines in 2008 when she married Haryana deputy chief minister Chandra Mohan. Both had changed their religion to tie the knots - Chandra Mohan became Chand Mohammad and Bali Fiza. But a few months later, Chandra Mohan divorced her.Going through the cell phone details Fiza, after her body was recovered on August 6, investigators discovered that that Alvi was among the last few persons. They have even spoken to him, seeking details of their conversation. Talking to TOI on phone from Bulandshahr, Alvi told TOI that he called up Fiza on July 31 at around 2:30 pm and again on August 1 between 4 and 5 pm. The second call lasted for 25 minutes. He called her up on August 2 and 3 again but his calls were not taken. When he again tried to contact her on August 4, he found her cell phone switched off. It was only on August 6, when he got a call from the Haryana police that he came to know about her death. The autopsy report has now suggested that Fiza died sometime during the intervening night of August 1 and 2.Alvi, too, had hit the headlines on June 3, 2012 when he tried self-immolation at Jantar Mantar in New Delhi in protest against the anti-corruption tirade of Team Anna. He was apprehended by the supporters of Anna Hazare and handed over to the police. Alvi later claimed that he was a die-hard Hazare and Ramdev fan and had contributed his life savings towards the tirade till he came to know that the two leaders were politically motivated.Talking about his last two conversations with Fiza, Alvi said that she had taken the name of Kuldeep Bishnoi (Chandra Mohan's younger brother) several times claiming that he was capable of getting her killed. He said Fiza wanted to lodge a police complaint but had no faith whatsoever in Haryana police. \"It was then decided that she would come to Bulandshahr on August 9, after which she would hold a press conference either here itself or in Delhi. She was of the view that the press conference was the only way to ensure that she was not harmed,\" Alvi told TOI.Saleem claimed that during his conversation, she was sounding normal and there was nothing to suggest that she was depressed or that she could end her life. About the investigations into the mystery behind her death, Alvi said: \"Fiza was sure that nothing would come out if she lodged a complaint with the Haryana police. She was a lawyer and there is no reason to believe that it was her casual remarks. Going by it, I don't think the facts about her death will come out until the case is investigated by the CBI.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15413551", "title": "Dams, reservoirs are new global warming culprits", "text": "WASHINGTON: American researchers have found that fluctuating water levels in dams and reservoirs emit large amount of greenhouse gases, the main culprits of global warming .Researchers at Washington State University-Vancouver have documented the emission of greenhouse gases like methane, as water levels go up and down in dams and reservoirs.Methane is 25 times more effective than carbon dioxide at trapping heat in the atmosphere . And while dams and the water behind them cover only a small portion of the earth's surface, they harbour biological activity that can produce large amounts of greenhouse gases.\"Reservoirs have typically been looked at as a green energy source. But their role in greenhouse gas emissions has been overlooked,\" researcher at Washington State University Bridget Deemer said.Researchers measured dissolved gases in the water column of Lacamas lake in Clark County and found methane emissions jumped 20-fold when the water level was drawn down. They also sampled bubbles rising from the lake mud and measured a 36-fold increase in methane during a drawdown.There are nearly 80,000 dams in the United States alone, according to the US Army Corps of Engineers National Inventory of Dams.A previous study estimated that the ability of terrestrial ecosystems to act as carbon sinks, storing greenhouse gases, could be one-fourth less than estimated once emissions from reservoirs are considered.This is the first study to demonstrate and quantify the relationship between water-level drawdowns and greenhouse gas releases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15414838", "title": "Nine-year-old girl assaulted in school, dies", "text": "VARANASI: A nine-year-old girl student of a local school died late on Tuesday night after allegedly being beaten by husband of a siksha mitra. The accused has been detained and the police are awaiting the postmortem report of the child to ascertain the exact cause of death.According to reports, Nitam, a class-IV student of Ramchandipur Primary School under Chaubeypur police station, went into shock after allegedly being assaulted by Anuj Singh, husband of shiksha mitra Shweta Singh on Tuesday morning.A complaint against Anuj was lodged by Nitam's father Pappu Nishad at the Chaubeypur police station. Pappu alleged that in place of Shweta, her husband had been teaching at the primary schools for the past several weeks and he had assaulted the girl after which she went into shock and was unable to speak clearly. The girl was initially rushed to a local private clinic, but when her condition deteriorated, Pappu rushed Nitam to Chiragaon health centre where she died on Tuesday night.Taking serious note of the complaint, Chaubeypur station officer Gajanand Chaubey detained Anuj for questioning and sent the body for postmortem. As the police did not find any injury mark on the girl's body, they were waiting for the postmortem report to know the actual cause of death.Basic shiksha adhikari (BSA) Paramhans Yadav has ordered an inquiry into the matter.Contacted, principal of the school Awadhesh Singh denied that Anuj was teaching in the school in place of his wife. \"As Shweta is handicapped, Anuj drops him to the school. On Monday, Nitam and some other girl were quarreling on the road when Anuj intervened, slapped her and asked her to stop quarreling,\" he added.However, gram pradhan Ram Awadh Ram's statement that he had occasionally raised objections over Anuj's presence in the school, was sufficient to expose the reality. Further, Shweta was ailing for the past several days due to which she was unable to attend the school. The principal said that Anuj had visited the school to give leave application of his wife when the incident took place.\"I have asked the section education officer to probe the matter and also sought written clarification from the principal regarding Anuj's presence in the school,\" said the BSA. However, he denied that any teaching staff or principal of the school had assaulted the girl. He said that an outsider had assaulted the girl who is behind the bar and the cause of death would also become clear with the arrival of postmortem report. He said that any action would be initiated against anyone in this case after the probe is completed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15413486", "title": "Vadodara gas distribution JV with GAIL cleared", "text": "VADODARA: The general board of the Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) on Wednesday cleared the proposal for the joint venture (JV) company between the civic body and GAIL India Ltd for city gas distribution.The civic body had earlier signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) and an agreement with the firm in this regard.A detailed presentation regarding the valuation of the assets that will be transferred to the JV and details of the memorandum of association, share holders agreement and articles of association was made to the elected representatives of the civic body. Following this the general board took up the discussion on the matter.Standing committee chairman Vijay Shah called the JV a historical step. While giving the details of the project, he said that the problems like gas pressure in some areas will be taken care of and the entire city will be covered by a gas pipeline network. He said that the civic body had also ensured that it got an equal stake in the joint venture.\"Earlier, it had been proposed that the civic body will have 24 per cent stake while 26 per cent would be with GAIL and the rest would be given to other investors. But we now have equal stakes in the JV with no allocation for investors,\" he said.Opposition leader and Congress councillor Chinnam Gandhi, however, pointed out that the announcement at this stage clearly indicated that it aimed at taking political advantage in the ensuing assembly polls. Senior members from the BJP including former standing committee chairmen Shabdasharan Brahmbhatt and Bharat Shah raised objections to this and said that the focus of the debate should be on the JV and not politicising it.Former leader of opposition from Congress Chirag Zaveri said that the JV was being taken up in a hurry as if this was not done the Petroleum and Natural Gas Regulatory Board could give a licence to someone else. \"It took three years to reach this stage since 2009 and now a sense of urgency is being shown,\" Zaveri said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15413519", "title": "Government hospitals may run out of life-saving drugs", "text": "LUCKNOW: Patients visiting government hospitals and health centres may not be able to get medicines. After a delayed start of three months, the procurement of life-saving medicines, injections and consumables for government hospitals is set to be deferred further, owing to a 'discreet' tender process of the state health department.The process to buy medicines for the government sector health facilities should have been initiated in April. But that could not be done due to delay in finalisation of the purchase policy. The policy was approved later in June and the tender for some 450 essential and life saving medicines, estimated to be around Rs 400 crore, was floated in July. While the authorities were waiting for pharma companies to come up with bids, a Karnal-based company found that a tender condition was flawed.\"The tender condition said applicants should hold any of the following three certificates: good manufacturing practices (GMP) certificate, good laboratory practices (GLP) certificate or World Health Organisation GMP certificate. However, everywhere else in the country, both GLP and GMP certificates are mandatory. So, we represented the matter before the drug controller (DC) of UP who wrote to director general health,\" sources said. The drug controller told the DG health that the condition in the tender should be adequately changed. \"It should include GMP/WHO GMP and GLP,\" drug controller recommended. But the DC's advice was ignored by the health officials who began the technical bids on July 23. The process was challenged by some applicants in the high court on July 27. The court heard the petition on July 30 and directed the health department to incorporate the DC's recommendation.While the petitioners were trying to get a copy of the said order, the health authorities invited applicants for opening the financial bids on Wednesday evening. This led to lot of confusion at the health directorate. While the representatives of the pharmaceutical companies alleged that the proceedings were initiated hurriedly, health department officials claimed following all rules and regulations.Raising alarm over the issue, an applicant questioned the need to initiate the process after the office time and at such a short notice. Another applicant alleged that the paper work was being done behind closed doors.\"We kept guessing what was happening in the room,\" he said. A liaisoning officer for three bidders claimed that the tenders were being opened without the compliance of high court order. Sources said even if the health officials finalise the financial bid, the process would be challenged in the court again.\"The officials did not actually comply with the court order. Last week, they had told all the applicants to produce GLP certificates. However, terms and conditions of a tender cannot be changed once the bids are in the box. Ideally, they should have cancelled the tender and started afresh. Their actions are against the 'fair play' of tender procedures. Therefore, they would land up in trouble and delay the process of procurement of medicines further,\" said an official in the health department.Sources added that the officials also flouted many other norms. For example: as per the state purchase policy and tender notice, applicants should have a depot in the state at the time of opening of tender's technical bid (to ensure smooth and timely supply of medicines). But this condition was reportedly changed on Wednesday.Director, central medicine stores depot, Dr SP Singh Lohta denied any anomalies in the tendering process and said, \"We have complied with every single word of in the court's order.\" Regarding the confusion over opening of financial bids, he said, \"We are working overtime so that hospitals get their stock of medicines at the earliest. Probably, our genuine efforts have been misunderstood and misinterpreted. There is no malpractice whatsoever.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "gadchiroli", "code": "15411043", "title": "DGP visits Gadchiroli to discuss Naxalite problem", "text": "GADCHIROLI: The director general of police (DGP) Sanjeev Dayal, during his visit to the Naxalite affected Gondia district on Wednesday, held discussions with senior police officers on the problem.According to sources in the police department, Dayal, who toured the district for the first time after taking charge as Maharashtra police chief, took stock of the situation during a meeting with senior police officials at the office of the superintendent of police.Later, he drove to Aheri where he interacted with police officers of the Pranhita police division and jawans of the Anti-Naxalite Force of the district police, known as C-60 Commando Force. He also gave hearing to their grievances and asked them to continue their work, sources said.Special inspector general, Anti-Naxal Operations, Anupkumar Singh, Additional DG, Law and Order, Satyapal Singh, deputy inspector general of police (Gadchiroli Range), Ravindra Kadam, superintendent of police, Mohammed Suvez Haque, and other senior police officers accompanied Dayal.The entire tour programme was kept confidential due to security reasons. The DGP left for Nagpur in the afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15413691", "title": "Steel bollards, flower pots to keep hawkers at bay", "text": "MUMBAI: Having failed to keep illegal hawkers away from taking over the pavements , residents and the civic body have been using various methods to ward off their menace. From keeping flower pots on pavements to erecting steel bollards, every attempt is made so that the vendors do not occupy the vacant space meant for pedestrians.To reclaim their pavements near Dadar railway station, residents and the civic body have started keeping flower pots, while on Hill Road in Bandra, licensed shop owners have erected steel bollards to keep away illegal hawkers.With vendors returning soon after a BMC raiding party leaves, residents took it upon themselves and set up advanced locality managements or ALMs. There were 13 ALMs that were set up and along with civic activists from Bandra and Andheri wards, they formed an umbrella group United K (West) Federation to monitor illegal hawkers.The BMC pitched in by identifying the licensed stalls. \"On Linking Road in Bandra, the BMC assisted by making it mandatory for every stall owner to write the stall and proprietor's names and licence number,\" said Aftab Siddique, chairperson of 33rd Road ALM on Linking Road.A member of Andheri Shopkeepers' Association alotted a room to create a small library for maintaining documents of issues taken up by ALMs. The library also holds BMC reference books, circulars and notifications, development control rule book and contact details of citizens and officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15415437", "title": "Treat Gopal Kanda as an ordinary citizen", "text": "This case is a test case for the Delhi Police in some sense. Whether the former Haryana minister is guilty of all that he is being accused of or not is a matter for the courts to judge if and when it comes to that stage, but the police must show that it is looking into the allegations against him with the same seriousness with which it would investigate a similar complaint against an ordinary citizen.He must be treated as any ordinary citizen would be in a similar situation. Under no circumstances must the impression be conveyed that he is being treated with kid gloves because of who he is. The message must be clear - nobody is above the law.Related story  : Kanda goes underground as cops arrest his aide", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15413403", "title": "Samjhauta case: NIA to file second chargesheet", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The National Investigation Agency (NIA) will file a second chargesheet in the 2007 Samjhauta Express blast case before a designated court in Panchkula in Haryana on Thursday.\"We will be filing a supplementary chargesheet in the case on Thursday,\" R K Handa, special public prosecutor, said here on Wednesday.The fresh chargesheet is likely to name Kamal Chauhan and Amit Chauhan as two bombers who, along with Lokesh Sharma and Rajendra Pehalwan, allegedly planted four suitcase bombs in the train, NIA sources said.Handa said Lokesh and Kamal are in judicial custody while Amit and Rajendra are absconding.The NIA, which took over the probe in 2010, filed the first chargesheet in June last year.The NIA had charged Aseemanand, Sunil Joshi (now dead), Lokesh Sharma, Dange alias Parmanand and Kalasangra for hatching a criminal conspiracy, leading to the blasts.The blasts in the Samjhauta Express had occurred near Deewana railway station in Haryana's Panipat district, some 80 kms from Delhi, leaving 68 people dead, mostly Pakistanis.The initial probe was carried out by the Railway Police and Haryana Police. Later, it was handed over to NIA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15417677", "title": "Strategic partnership between Indian and Australian Universities", "text": "A range of opportunities for Indian students applying to Australian Universities were showcased in the Capital on August 1.Focussing on building a strategic partnership between India and Australia through education, Peter Varghese, Australian High Commissioner, said, \"We have made a long-term investment of 12.5 billion dollars in the universities sector. We would like to bring in more collaborative education and collaborate on building vocational skills. India has set a target of skilling 500 million people and we want to help it achieve that.\"Students going to Australia can not just focus on getting quality education but can also hope to be safe and enjoy their university life. Tom Calden, trade commissioner, Australian Trade Commission, said, \"There has been more awareness in the community regarding international students and their safety. International students in Australia are briefed about the places they should not visit after dark by the college. Even the police have been briefed and utmost care is taken to make students feel safe.\"Gagan Singh, regional manager, University of Technology, Sydney, who is focussing on recruiting UG students, says, \"We have a range of pathways programmes for students who want to get admission in the undergraduate courses in Australia but have not managed to do well in their class XII exams. We have a foundation and a diploma programme and students who have scored below 53% can apply for the diploma programme and students who have scored less than 50% can apply for the foundation programme. These courses act as a bridge for students and once they complete the course, they are automatically transferred to the course of their choice. A student \u2014 with the four-year UG degree and the foundation course/diploma programme, which is generally about eight months \u2014 can get a quality education and world class degree in four years and eight months.\"Ashini Malhotra, regional manager, India, Sri Lanka, Griffith International University says, \"We are here for the February intake of students. Ours is a research-intensive university and we have students researching in areas such as environment, climate change adaptation, electronics and genetics, among other areas. Students generally applying to our university must have a good IELTS score. If, for example, they are applying for an engineering course at the UG level, students must have at least 70% in class XII. For PG, they must have a minimum of 70% in engineering and about 80% for applying for research, but every course has its own cut-offs.\"The fair was organised by the Association of Australian Education Representatives in India and supported by The Australian Trade Commission and Australian Education International.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15417119", "title": "Salman's choreography creates magical performance", "text": "While choreographer Salman Yusuff Khan is resting after neck spasm problem, Cornell gave company to Isha Sharvani and with a little rehearsal managed to perform Afro-Jazz on 'Jiya Jale Jaan Jale' the popular number from SRK starrer Mani Ratnam's 'Dil Se'. They scored a perfect 29 which is just a one mark less as Salman-Isha pair had been getting thirty out of thirty in last seven weeks.Not many know Cornell had assisted Salman before this also and this time he managed to live up to Salman's hard work by maintaining the standard of the performance. Not only judges but even other performers were quite amazed by Isha-Cornell's performance. On being contacted Salman said, \"I came to know Cornell performed well with Isha. I am recovering fast and hope to resume rehearsals soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15415077", "title": "Hit by van, 5-year-old boy dies after school cover-up", "text": "CHENNAI: In the latest of a rash of instances of criminal negligence by school authorities leading to the death of a child, a fiveyear-old boy died on Tuesday night, less than three hours after being knocked down by a school maxicab at Padappai, near Tambaram .Doctors at Sayee Hospital in Padappai , where Akash was taken, accused the school headmaster of deliberately suppressing information about the accident and providing misleading information, resulting in the death of the child. They said the boy could have been saved if the headmaster had correctly stated the cause of the injury.A preliminary autopsy report said the boy had died of injuries to the head and liver.Police said Akash, an LKG student at Everest School, was the last to get off the maxicab on Pudunagar Main Road in Arambakkam . The vehicle knocked down Akash when the driver, who did not notice that he was still on the road, took a U-turn .The school headmaster took Akash to Sayee Hospital at 5pm. \"He told us the boy fell on the playground,\" said Dr M Pandian , who runs the hospital. \"If he had told us Akash was hit by a vehicle, we would have shifted him to a bigger hospital for thorough tests and diagnosis.\"Police arrest driver, questions school officialsHe said the only visible wound was a cut on the boy's left thigh . \"We called for his parents and used sutures to close the wound ,\" Dr Pandian said . \"An X-ray showed that he had no fractures . We wanted to keep the boy for observation, but his mother took him back home .\"The headmaster and other school officials were unavailable for comment .Akash's mother , Valarmathi , called the hospital at 7pm and said the boy's condition appeared to have become worse . \"He complained of stomach pain and was already dead when he was brought to the hospital again ,\" hospital spokesperson Seethalakshmi said . \"Since we can't declare a patient 'brought dead' , we referred Akash's parents to Government General Hospital.\"She said doctors at the hospital were unaware that the child had been involved in an accident till police called them on Wednesday morning .Police arrested the maxi cab driver, Arivalagan, 23, for rash and negligent driving on a complaint from Akash's father , Vincent , a tailor . Arivalagan has been sent to Central Prison at Puzal.Manimangalam police said the preliminary postmortem report showed injuries to the boy's cerebellum and liver . Police inspector J Sivakumar said investigators are questioning doctors at the hospital and officials of Everest School .This is the third instance of a child dying under the wheels of a school vehicle in the past month. On June 25, Shruthi Sethumadhavan , a seven year-old Class 2 student of Zion Matriculation Higher Secondary School , fell through a gaping hole in the floor of a school bus and was run over by the vehicle in Mudichur. Four days later, a one-and-half-year-old boy, Sanjay, was crushed to death under the wheels of a school van.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15416523", "title": "Pawan and Anjana in Lawaris", "text": "Pawan Singh will be seen with Anjana Singh in 'Lawaris'. The movie is basically a love story where Anjana falls in love with Pawan Singh.This duo has earlier given hits like Truck Driver . And Anjana Singh is expecting same kind of success for Lawaris too.Gajendra Chauhan, Sambhavna Seth , Sudesh Kaul are also in the movie.Source: bhojpuriyacinema.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15414751", "title": "Technology to beat cheating in exams", "text": "NOIDA: The Mahamaya Technical University (MTU) has adopted a technological solution to counter a host of problems faced by it. The varsity began biometric registration of students from Wednesday and this system will be eased in through the year. Officials say that this plan will have multiple benefits, including prevention of cheating during examination and making the attendance system more comprehensive. The university will also be installing mobile phone jammers in examination halls to prevent cheating.Officials explained that these parallel systems have been introduced as a preventive measure regarding cases of cheating during examinations. The vice chancellor of the university, SK Kak, said that there are three main reasons for the introduction of the biometric system. \"We need to create a system to help us establish a long term relationship with the student, where he or she can be recognized in the future,\" he said.\"There are over 2 lakh students in the university. This will help us think of the student as more than his roll number. We can link his biometric data with his academic profile, his personality and other profiles which will help us in assessing each student individually,\" he added.According to Kak, apart from these benefits, the greatest implication of the biometric system will be the prevention of cheating. \"When there is such a large mass of students, the system becomes vulnerable to cheating during examination. This will ensure that every student has to sit for his own examinations and can't get somebody else to give his tests,\" he said.The university has also introduced mobile phone jammers in their examination halls as a preventive measure against the use of mobile phone technology at examination centres to cheat.\"We were shocked by the way that this technology was used during the AIIMS examination last year. Moreover, the technology used was quite sophisticated. By using mobile phone jammers, we prevent the problem from taking place at all,\" said JP Pandey, examination controller, MTU.The university has already started the registration of biometric data from the students. Their fingerprints, signature and other data will be stored by the university and used to classify and organize the university's student records, said officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "15412394", "title": "Mob sets roadways' buses, police jeeps on fire in Alwar", "text": "ALWAR: Protesting against the Urban Improvement Trust's (UIT) anti-encroachment drive in Alwar, residents set two roadways' buses and police jeeps on fire on Wednesday. Police had to use tear gas to control the mob.A team of officials met heavy resistance when they reached the premises of the Gulmohar project to remove the encroachments in the morning. Angry residents threw stones at the UIT officials and later set the police vehicles on fire.The police had to resort to lathicharge and use tear gas to disperse the crowd. The situation remained tense throughout the day.\"Police thrashed and misbehaved with us. My house has been demolished. My husband is a solider and posted at the border. Where shall we go now,\" asked Sunita Yadav, a resident.Another affected resident Sonia said her father had bought the land from a developer in the area. \"We are five sisters and our parents are no more. We had just this house to stay which has now been razed,\" she complained.Spread across several kilometres, the land was earmarked for the housing society. Later it was sold by the developers to the public illegally. Those who bought the land constructed houses and have been residing in them. The UIT, to get its land back, organized a massive anti-encroachment drive.\"Earlier we issued notices to the residents to clear the land. We also conducted several round of talks with them and requested them not to undertake any construction on this land. No one paid heed to it and we finally had to take action,\" said Indra Singh Solanki, secretary, UIT.Police, so far, have arrested 15 persons for the violence. \"We are identifying developers who sold the plots illegally. Strict action will be taken against the guilty,\" said Ashutosh AT, district collector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15411741", "title": "Pune municipal corporation cautions against use of electricity poles for 'dahi handi'", "text": "PUNE: The PMC on Wednesday appealed to mandals and youths groups to not tie 'dahi handis' to electricity and streetlight poles since it could lead to accidents, short circuits and electrocution.The statement said that in most cases the poles are not buried deep into the ground but are fitted to the surface with nuts and bolts. Thus, the poles would not be able to support the weight of 'dahi handis' and could fall, causing injuries.The statement further said that the festival is organised during evening when power supply to streetlights is switched on and contact with the electricity wires could cause electrocution. Also, since it is monsoon, the chances of short circuits and electrocutions are high.\"Mandal workers should remain extra vigilant as rainfall is likely on Friday, the day of the 'dahi handi' festival. Waterlogging takes place in some areas which can also increase the chances of short circuit,\" said the statement, adding, \"Some spectators climb electricity or streetlight poles to watch the celebrations and this could also prove dangerous.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15412917", "title": "Double murder: Victims pleaded killers to spare them", "text": "BANGALORE: Gory details are tumbling out about Tuesday's double murder at Talghattapura and Konanakunte.BBMP contractor Lokesh and his friend Manoj had first killed Anil in Talghattapura Forests, off Kanakapura Road. Lokesh (25) suspected that Anil had a relationship with his estranged wife Chandrika. Lokesh later hacked his mother-in-law Kamalamma, 50, in her Konanakunte residence.Deputy commissioner of police (South) Sonia Narang, said, \"Lokesh's interrogation revealed gory details. It was a pre-planned attack and not a spontaneous outburst of emotions. Manoj was also friend of Anil. Lokesh got Manoj to bring Anil to Subryamanyapura. Anil was dragged into Lokesh's car and they drove off to Talagattapura forests.\"There were two other men who helped Lokesh 'have his revenge', she said. \"Lokesh told us that Anil fell on his feet and pleaded that he be spared. But Lokesh hacked him mercilessly. We found the body in a bush around 3am on Wednesday,\" she added.Lokesh and Manoj then rushed to Chandrika's residence in New Bank Colony, Konanakunte. Chandrika wasn't at home as she had gone to Magadi Road. But her mother Kamalamma, who was at home, bore the brunt of Lokesh's fury and was hacked to death.Lokesh later called Subramanyapura police and informed them that he had killed his wife's paramour and mother. Police arrested Lokesh from a spot near Kamalamma's residence.According to police, Anil was a data entry operator in a private firm in Subramanyapura, South Bangalore, and worked with Chandrika. Police said Chandrika filed for a divorce from Lokesh 10 months ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "mumbai/chennai", "code": "15410900", "title": "Vilasrao Deshmukh still critical but stable, say doctors", "text": "MUMBAI/CHENNAI: Two days after he was admitted to a Chennai hospital, the condition of Union science and technology minister Vilasrao Deshmukh remained critical but stable on Wednesday.Maharashtra chief minister Prithviraj Chavan Chavan, accompanied by deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, school education minister Rajendra Darda and home minister R R Patil, visited Global Hospital in Chennai. They were briefed on Deshmukh's health status and the course of treatment by hospital chairman K Ravindranath.\"No doubt Deshmukh's condition is still critical, but he is stable. It has been observed that compared to Monday, his condition is better now. He is also responding to the doctors. Deshmukh continues to be on life-support system,\" a senior doctor told Chavan.The 67-year-old former Maharashtra chief minister is being treated for hepatocellular carcinoma, a form of liver cancer, which has led to multiple organ failure. \"The doctors told us that they had not planned a liver transplant yet in view of Deshmukh's condition. Once his condition is fully stable, they will take a decision on liver transplant or any other procedure,\" a senior minister told TOI.On August 5, two senior doctors from Global Hospitals rushed to Mumbai after Deshmukh's health deteriorated. However, when he did not respond to the treatment, it was decided to airlift him to Chennai on August 6. \"Shifting Deshmukh in a critical condition was a big risk. However, in view of the confidence of the doctors, we went ahead with it. Now, as over 48 hours have passed since he was admitted to the Chennai hospital, we expect a marked improvement in his health,\" the minister said.The cabinet minister said it appeared from the doctors' briefing that barring his liver and kidneys, most of Deshmukh's other parameters were almost normal. \"The doctors seemed confident. He is responding to them as well as family members. In our opinion, a decision on liver transplant will be taken after two days,\" he said.The minister said the hospital administration had declined to issue a medical bulletin as Deshmukh's family members were not in favour of sharing details of his ailment with the media.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15411311", "title": "Sonia Gandhi silences MPs shouting for Telangana", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress MPs from Telangana were in for a rude shock in the Lok Sabha when party president Sonia Gandhi chided them for sloganeering on the Telangana issue on Wednesday.On the first day of the monsoon session, the Telangana members started raising slogans demanding the introduction of the T-bill in the House at the same time when the opposition parties were creating a commotion over the Assam violence. The T-Congress MPs even tried to rush into the well of the House. Embarrassed at the behaviour of the treasury bench, Sonia cautioned the MPs to be silent.\"If you join the opposition in disrupting the House, what is the difference between the treasury and opposition benches? Keep quiet if you want Telangana or else go out and stage your protests,\" was what Sonia reportedly told the MPs. The MPs later walked out of the House quietly.However, the T MPs denied being reprimanded by Sonia. \"She only advised us to stage the protest outside. She assured us that an early decision will be taken on the separate state demand,\" MP Gutha Sukhender Reddysaid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15410711", "title": "Odisha hospitals to have dedicated power supply", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: All hospitals in the state will have dedicated power supply. The decision was taken after there were allegations of healthcare disruption because of power failure. It has also decided to convert generators installed in hospitals into a mode so that they start automatically in case of power failure. Inverters will be installed in operation theatres and labour rooms.Chief secretary B K Patnaik reviewing the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) asked the health department to ensure proper functioning of equipment installed in different hospitals and put in place a proactive technical system for immediate repair and maintenance of the equipment used for pathological tests. All hospitals were asked to submit a detailed report on the present condition and functioning of these equipment.It was also decided to set up more that 250 new-born care corners in different districts. Currently, there are 450 such units. For institutional care of children with acute malnutrition, 38 new Nutrition Rehabilitation Centers will be set up in addition to existing six units.For care of expectant mothers 28 new Ma Ghara (maternity waiting homes) will be constructed besides the 22 operating homes now. Target has also been set to construct four post-natal homes at district headquarters hospital having high case load and space constraints. Emergency medical ambulance service will be made operational in 15 districts with 280 ambulances.Around 18 lakh family size Long Lasting Insecticidal Nets (LLIN) will be distributed in high-risk areas. Available data shows around 41.43 lakh such nets have been distributed by 2011-12. The chief secretary has directed the department to intensify distribution of nets and exhaust all the high risk area within a year. Double bed size nets will be supplied to families and single size nets will be supplied to students under school health programme. It has been decided that ST and SC GNM trainees in KBK districts will be provided full scholarship. Such trainees in Non-KBK districts will also be given partial scholarship. Information Education and Communication along with behavioural change initiatives will be intensified throughout the year.It has been decided that mobile health units will be operated with 354 units with budgetary support both from NRHM and state budget. Equipment maintenance wings will be expanded with three new zones at Sambalpur, Ganjam and Koraput.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15412789", "title": "Cop assaulted during excise raid in critical condition", "text": "NASHIK: A sub-inspector of the state excise department, Nashik was severely beaten up by a mob near Bacchav Hospital, Ramwadi, in Panchavati, in course of laying out a trap to seize illegal liquor.Sub-inspector Sanjay Pardeshi is in critical condition and has been admitted to Suyash Hospital. The constable accompanying him on duty , G G Ahirrao also received severe injuries in the attack. Panchavati police have arrested two people in the incident and further investigations are underway. Superintendent of the state excise department, J B Patil said that on Tuesday, they received a tip-off that a huge stock of Daman-made spurious liquor was to be smuggled into Panchavati.Subsequently, department sleuths laid a trap in the Ramwadi area. Patil said that while the men kept vigil for more than an hour, the vehicle that was supposed to reach with the illegal consignment did not arrive.Pardeshi in course of rushing to the spot, forgot to carry his revolver with him. At around 7.30 pm sighting the unusual vehicles in the area, a mob belonging to known lquor smuggler, Madhav Shelke , pounced on Pardeshi and constable Ahirrao as soon as the two alighted from their vehicles. Meanwhile, the other excise department personnel who were part of the trap, were clueless about what had happened to Pardeshi and Ahirrao, since they were at a distance from the spot of the incident.Superintendent Patil said that Pardeshi and Ahirrao were beaten up byShelke's men. Police have arrested Milind Pawar of Makhmalabad Naka and Sachin Andhale of Pawan Nagar area, in connection with the assault.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15413016", "title": "Former MD of housing board suspended", "text": "PANAJI: The government on Wednesday placed under suspension former managing director of Goa Housing Board, Damodar Shanke in connection with a shop allotment case in Mapusa.Sources said the order was issued by the Vigilance department after a preliminary inquiry. Some time ago, Shanke was transferred from the Housing board and posted as land acquisition officer, Konkan railway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15411630", "title": "Constitute committee to improve condition of women: HC to govt, Asha Kiran", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court asked the state government and Asha Kiran welfare home on Wednesday to list out remedial measures that are being taken to improve the condition of the home after its functioning came under the court scanner due to the alleged exploitation of women inmates.A bench comprising acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw asked the authorities to \"mull over\" a proposal envisaging a court-appointed committee of experts making repeated surprise visits to the home to ensure that the conditions improve.HC's instruction came after senior advocate Colin Gonsalves, representing a committee of lawyers that had visited the premises, urged the court to appoint an expanded team of independent experts, including doctors, psychologists and architect, who can make surprise inspection anytime and offer a holistic solution to the revamping of the Asha Kiranpremises. Gonsalves had cited a report by the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) to point out that 13 deaths had taken place at Asha Kiran in 2012.\"Experts in different fields will be required,\" the bench noted. Earlier, the government had said that it is taking steps to improve the condition of Asha Kiran and has appointed a committee to give recommendations. However, the bench was not very impressed and emphasized the need for independent experts to work with government appointees.HC also took a dim view of the decision of the authorities to chargesheet a guard of Asha Kiran as he had stopped the lawyer's committee from leaving the premises. \"It is obvious that the chowkidar is being made a scapegoat. You should withdraw the case against him immediately,\" the bench observed while giving time till Tuesday to the state government to report back. HC has repeatedly lashed out at the workings of the home and slammed the authorities for treating inmates \"worse than animals\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "15412276", "title": "Tiff between ministers exposes cracks in coalition government", "text": "BOKARO: The rift between the allies of the ruling government has come into focus with AJSU MLA Umakant Rajak and JMM MLA Jagarnath Mahto engaging in a mudslinging match with state education minister Baijnath Ram of BJP.Bokaro seems to have turned into a boxing ring for these leaders and on various occasions they have left no stone unturned to tarnish each other's image. The open fight between the leaders of BJP, AJSU and JMM, who are running the coalition government in the state, have deep roots and indicate that all is not well within the alliance. Ram, pointing fingers at Mahto, said he is an \"incompetent leader who knows nothing\", while Mahto called Ram a \"good for nothing\" education minister.The tiff between the leaders started a couple of days ago after Mahto and Rajak separately demanded the government that Ram be removed from the chair of education minister as he has failed to regularize jobs and implement the 'para teachers service circular'. Mahto threatened self-immolation on the state assembly campus on August 19 if his demand for regularization of jobs and implementation of para teachers service circular is not fulfilled.However, when mediapersons asked Ram on the issue on his arrival to the city when he was returning to Ranchi from Dhanbad, he reiterated that Mahto knew nothing about education. \"Why does he not ask the finance minister of his party to clear the concerned file s lying at his office.\"Rajak also urged the government to remove Ram from the post. He said Ram has failed on several fronts and the deteriorating level of education, non-regularization of para teachers service circular, 47 degree colleges failing to be affiliated and 572 madarsas not having received grant were glaring evidences of his incompetence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15411756", "title": "Economically weaker section housing scheme stamp duty waived", "text": "PUNE: Each beneficiary of Pimpri Chinchwad municipal corporation's housing scheme for economically weaker sections (EWS), will save Rs 36,000 as the state government has waived the stamp duty on conveyance or lease deed executed in favour of the beneficiaries.Municipal commissioner Shrikar Pardeshi said, \"The civic body has received a letter from the state government stating that the stamp duty on registration of EWS houses built under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) scheme has been waived. Now the beneficiaries can register the house in their name on a Rs 100 stamp paper.\"Pardeshi said the beneficiaries would have had to pay around 5% of Rs 7.17 lakh house cost, as stamp duty, which came to Rs 36,000. Of the Rs 7.17 lakh, a beneficiary will contribute Rs 3.76 lakh and rest will come from the union and state governments.The state government, through its order dated October 10, 2007, issued under section 9(a) of the Bombay Stamp Act, 1958, reduced the stamp duty payable in respect of the instruments of development agreement in favour of the developer, or conveyance or lease deed executed in favour of the beneficiaries.The letter states that the stamp duty has been reduced to Rs 100 in connection with the supply of basic facilities to the poor citizen in urban areas and integrated housing development and development of slum areas schemes under the JNNURM.But for the developer or beneficiary to avail of the reduction in stamp duty, it is necessary they append the certificate issued by the implementation officer concerned. The concession given in stamp duty shall be recovered, with penalty, in case of breach of any of the conditions of the above said schemes.The union government gave primary approval to the civic body's proposal to implement the EWS housing scheme costing Rs 449.70 crore under JNNURM in 2007. The civic body is constructing 13,250 tenements (flats) as part of the EWS housing scheme. Each flat has an area of 400 sq.ft. The civic body had initially promised to give this flat to the beneficiary if he/she shared Rs 1.5 lakh of the cost, which was later increased to Rs 3.76 lakh. Each beneficiary has already deposited Rs 50,000 as first installment. In the first phase of the project at the 75-acre plot in Sector 17 and 19 in Chikhli, the civic body is constructing 6,700 flats.PCMC tells 2,016 beneficiaries to pay by October 31The civic body has directed another 2,016 people in the beneficiaries list to pay the remaining Rs 3.26 lakh each by October 31, for allotment of flat. Of these beneficiaries, 252 belong to scheduled caste category, 36 are of scheduled tribe, 51 from Vimukta Jati and Nomadic Tribes, 51 from differently-abled category and 1,626 from the open category. They have to pay the amount in cash through bank challans or through bank loans. If the people have not received the letters sent by post, they should check the names of the selected beneficiaries on the website www.pcmc.india.gov.in or at the office of the slum rehabilitation and eradication department at Chinhwadgaon.The civic body had earlier directed 1,008 beneficiaries to pay Rs 3.26 lakh before July 5, but later extended it to August and again further extended till September 5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15414514", "title": "Graft-accused ACP transferred", "text": "LUDHIANA: Former health minister of Punjab Satpal Gosain accused assistant commissioner of police, East Ludhiana, Manmeet Singh and Moti Nagar SHO Rajkumar of taking bribe from Shaheed Bhagat Singh Colony resident Amarnath, 82, to settle a property dispute.Commissioner of police, Ludhiana, Ishwar Singh said an inquiry had been marked to deputy commissioner of police Gurpreet Singh Toor. Manmeet Singh had been transferred and Naveen Singla had taken over as ACP East, he added.Gosain alleged that Manmeet had demanded Rs 2 lakh from Amarnath while Rajkumar had asked for Rs 10,000. The deal, he claimed, was struck at Rs 1 lakh. Rubbishing the allegations, SHO Rajkumar said he had not taken bribe from Amarnath. ACP Mandeep Singh could not be contacted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15416341", "title": "Kavya, Bhama busy with Onam programmes", "text": "The countdown to Kerala's biggest festival has begun and Mollywood actresses are as busy as ever. Some of them are already taking a break from their hectic shoot schedule to be part of the Onam programmes that will be dished out on TV this year.\"Actress Kavya Madhavan did not give any interview for last Onam. However, this time she will be giving her interviews to the media. Since the shoot of her latest movie Breaking News is almost over, the actress will have time to shoot for the programmes from August 15,\" says a source close to the actress.Bhama, who has Malayalam as well as Kannada movies up her sleeve, took a break from her busy schedule to be part of the Onam programmes. \"I could spare only one day so I had to accommodate as many interviews and shoots as possible on that day,\" says the actress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15414502", "title": "Govt told to list power feeders", "text": "NEW DELHI: To avoid any chances of a repeat of last week's grid collapse, the Northern Regional Load Dispatch Centre (NRLDC) has shot off a notice to all northern region constituents, including Delhi, to submit a list of feeders from each state control area that can be opened when the grid is subjected to any danger on account of overdrawal.If any state violates grid regulations again, the identified feeders will be opened and the violating state will be cut off from the Northern Grid supply completely.Such action might render the state powerless but the grid frequency will be immediately be restored to a safe frequency band.In its order dated August 30, 2012, CERC had said: \"NRLDC is required to pre-identify feeders in consultation with concerned state electricity boards which can be opened when the grid is subjected to danger on account of over-drawal . We direct NRLDC to identify the feeders in each of the state control area which can be opened in case of any danger to the grid... ''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15411539", "title": "Mumbai pays respects to US gurdwara shootout victims", "text": "MUMBAI: Members of the Sikh sangat (community) organized a condolence meeting for the victims of the Wisconsin gurdwara shootout in Andheri on Wednesday. The community may not have suffered a personal loss but is anxious over the fate of their brethren abroad who are often mistaken for Afghan nationals.Around 250 people, including politicians and celebrities, attended the memorial service at the Sri Guru Singh Sabha gurdwara at Four Bungalows. \"Every Indian is touched to hear the brave exploits of Sardar Satwant Singh Kaleka, the president of the Oak Creek gurdwara, who lost his life even as he defended innocent women and children. Had he not fended off the attacker with his kirpan (dagger), the number of casualties would have vastly increased,\" said Gurpreet Kaur Chadha of the Punjab Global Foundation that organized the service.MLA Ashok Jadhav, corporator Jyotsna Dighe, celebrities Vindoo Dara Singh, Amita Nangia, Ramji Gulati, Dolly Bindra and developer Varyam Singh arrived to pay respects.Bal Malkit Singh, president of the All-India Motor Transport Congress, said the expatriate Sikh community should create awareness about their identity given the misunderstanding that has cropped up since the 9/11 terror attacks.\"My daughter as well as several relatives live in the US and I receive regular updates about the security situation there. People who do not know better tend to confuse the Sikh 'pagdi' and beard with the kind worn by Osama bin Laden and cannot tell the difference between a Sikh and an Afghan. Smaller attacks have occurred causing innocent Sikhs to lose their lives but the enormity of this incident is too grave to ignore. It would help if the 'sangat' began to make Americans aware of our religion,\" said Singh.Members of the faith are full of praise for the efficient handling of the situation by the American authorities. \"Within 15 minutes, all the gurdwaras in the US were provided police protection,\" Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15414619", "title": "Chandu Budhera delay earns", "text": "GURGAON: The Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) has issued a notice to the Delhi-based firm for the slow progress of the construction work at the Chandu Budhera water treatment plant.The HUDA superintendent engineer, A K Gupta, had issued notice to the firm after coming to know about the delay in the project. A senior HUDA official, privy to the development, said: \"The firm has not completed a lot of work, especially those pertaining to electrical and mechanical works at the plant. There are other things too which remain pending.\"The project is of worth Rs 132 crore and the plant would supply 22 MGD water to the city. But the construction work is going at slow pace and the monsoon is likely to delay it further. HUDA sources claimed that the firm had even filed fake report on the progress of construction. A HUDA team visited the site and found that the electrical fittings for raw water, clear water and filtration units are not yet in place and that the raw water plant has not been cleaned, said the official.Earlier, the firm had pledged to start the trial run of the plant on July 31 but it did not happen. After the missing the deadline, the HUDA held a meeting with the firm and sought explanation. HUDA sources claimed that the firm blamed the HUDA officials for blocking the crucial work of designs and drawing that led to the delay in completion of the project.Speaking to the TOI, the HUDA administrator, Praveen Kumar, said: \"I am myself monitoring the progress of the project. I am sure by the end of this month, all the crucial technical checks would be complete.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15413819", "title": "Survey hints at rise in chronic diseases among urban residents", "text": "INDORE: Do we need to implement an effective planning in urban cities to avoid diabetes and hypertension from gradually turning into silent killers? Certainly yes, say doctors, as more and more people living in urban cities of the state are getting afflicted by the chronic illness due to changing lifestyle. Out of 50-odd cities of the state, three major cities including Bhopal, Indore and Jabalpur have got the highest number of people found with symptoms of diabetes and hypertension.According to the Annual Health Survey conducted in the state by Census India, more city residents are falling prey to lifestyle diseases when compared to those living in small towns and villages. Hence, a proper health planning needs to be chalked out before it gets too late, believe health experts.Health specialists agree that stress and less physical activity are contributing to metabolic changes and making younger population more prone to diseases. They feel the need to introduce awareness programmes among school kids, and urge support from the government to curb health expenditure incurred to treat such patients.Dr Sunil M Jain, a diabetologist says, \"People should avoid gaining weight, and indulge themselves more in physical activities. We are promoting urbanization but not leaving space for people to walk. We need to have big gardens and lots of play activities in schools.\"Metabolic changes are taking place among children as they are leading sedentary lifestyle and having poor physical activity. We need to introduce interventions right from schools, he adds.States like Tamilnadu, Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka had introduced interventions at smaller levels, the experts say, adding the state government needs to have a concrete policy to deal with the rising population.Dr Manish Jain, a psychiatrist with a government hospital says, \"Schools and work places should encourage healthy environment and introduce activities that may help to reduce stress. Urban population is getting mechanical and moving away from nature.\"According to the census, out of every one lakh person surveyed in Jabalpur, Bhopal and Indore, as many as 1114, 818 and 773 persons were found with symptoms of diabetes respectively. As many as 1,919, 1,815 and 1409 people out of a lakh people surveyed in each Bhopal, Jabalpur and Indore were found with symptoms of hypertension.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "15412855", "title": "Fire department battles with prank calls", "text": "AMRAVATI: Fires and emergencies aside, the fire department of Amravati faces yet another challenge: prank calls. Abuses, false information or just gibberish by children and adults alike have left the fire department staffers hassled.Most of the calls we receive are made by children. \"If our phone remains busy attending to such calls, sometimes genuine callers may not be able to contact us and our response to an emergency may get delayed,\" in-charge fire superintendent Bharat Chavan said. In view of the this, the fire department has also displayed its office landline number on fire tenders so that genuine callers have alternative means of contacting the department, he added.\"We have staff of a staff of only 46 which has been distributed in three shifts. It is difficult to manage as it is and the prank calls only add to our headache,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "15411783", "title": "Satnam cremated as kin did not press for second autopsy", "text": "GAYA: The body of Satnam Singh, the 23-year-old student of Ram Manohar Lohia National Law University, Lucknow, was on Wednesday morning cremated at his native place, Sherghati, as the family members did not press for a second autopsy. Earlier, a demand to constitute a medical board to conduct a second autopsy in Gaya was e-mailed to Gaya DM Bandana Preyasi. Satnam's body reached Sherghati late on Tuesday evening. Thousands of mourners joined Satnam's last journey.According to Satnam's uncle, Jayant Singh, the family did not press for the second autopsy as the Gaya DM informed him late on Tuesday evening that the principal secretary, home, Aamir Subhani, had received a report sent by the Kerala government and in the light of the contents of the Kerala government report, there was no reason to go in for a second autopsy.When contacted, Subhani said he had received a report from Kerala government which said the postmortem was conducted in Thiruvananthapuram by a team of doctors and the entire event had been videographed. Subhani also said he had been informed by the Kerala government that as per the contents of the autopsy report, Satnam died due to injuries sustained in the mental hospital and a large number of injury marks were found on his body. The Kerala government also informed Subhani that the crime branch of the Kerala police had already started its investigation into the case and justice would be done.An unarmed Satnam Singh, it may be recalled, was overpowered by the followers of Mata Amritanandamayi, and handed over to the local police who slapped an attempt to murder charge on Satnam even though the law student did not cause even a minor bruise to anybody and some of the followers of the godwoman made the allegation that while moving towards the Mata, Satnam was shouting in Arabic, a language unknown to Satnam and who, prior to his arrest, stayed for more than three weeks at the Mata's ashram and did not offend anybody during his long ashram stay.Strangely enough, not only did the Kerala police book Satnam under Section 307 of the IPC even though, according to Gaya lawyer, Aziz Ahmad Muneri, the alleged offence, at best merited Section 323 (scuffle).From the police station, Satnam was remanded to judicial custody and forwarded to Kollam sub-jail. From Kollam sub-jail Satnam was sent to the general hospital. From the general hospital , he was forwarded to Government Mental Hospital, Peroorkada, and from the mental hospital to Medical College Hospital where he was declared brought dead on August 4, 2012. It all was over in a matter of three days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "15413574", "title": "Chips, colas junk IQ in children", "text": "MELBOURNE: Parents, please note! The junk food your kid eats might be affecting his intelligence quotient , a new study has claimed.Researchers from the University of Adelaide found children fed healthy diets may have a slightly higher IQ, while those on heavier junk food diets may have a slightly reduced IQ.Dr Lisa Smithers from the public health department in the University looked at the link between the eating habits of children at six months, 15 months and two years, and their IQ at eight years of age.The study of more than 7,000 children compared a range of dietary patterns, including traditional and contemporary home-prepared food, ready-prepared baby foods, breastfeeding, and 'discretionary' or junk foods.\"Diet supplies the nutrients needed for the development of brain tissues in the first two years of life, and the aim of this study was to look at what impact diet would have on children's IQs,\" Smithers said.\"We found that children who were breastfed at six months and had a healthy diet regularly including foods such as legumes, cheese, fruit and vegetables at 15 and 24 months, had an IQ up to two points higher by age eight,\" Smithers added. \"Those children who had a diet regularly involving biscuits, chocolate, sweets, soft drinks and chips in the first two years of life had IQs up to two points lower by age eight,\" Smithers said in a statement.\"We also found some negative impact on IQ from ready-prepared baby foods given at six months, but some positive associations when given at 24 months,\" Smithers said. \"While the differences in IQ are not huge, this study provides some of the strongest evidence to date that dietary patterns from six to 24 months have a small but significant effect on IQ at eight years of age,\" Smithers said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15413796", "title": "Teacher held for injuring student", "text": "CHENNAI: A physical education teacher of a private school in Velachery on Wednesday was arrested for injuring a student. Police said Aishwarya, 5, sustained minor injuries on her left eye.Police said Aishwarya's father Subburayan received a phone call at 11am that his daughter sustained injuries in one eye. The girl was participating in a rehearsal programme for the school's sports day. Venkatesan, who was supervising the rehearsal, tried to hit a boy who was running around. But he accidentally hit the girl with a stick as she was standing right next to the boy.She was rushed to a private hospital from where they referred her to a government eye hospital in Egmore.Based on the Subburayan's complaint, police registered a case under IPC Section 337 (causing hurt by act endangering life or personal safety of others) and arrested Venkatesan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15415027", "title": "School building collapses, seven children injured", "text": "VARANASI: How risky it is to send the kids in the government primary schools was exposed on Tuesday afternoon when the building of Jiyanchak Primary School under Saidpur police station in Ghazipur district, constructed in 2001-02, collapsed few minutes after the school hours got over on Tuesday.Although most of the children had left the campus when the incident occurred, but seven children who stayed inside the school to play sustained serious injuries as the debris fell on them. Four of the injured children are still struggling for life at Ghazipur district hospital. District magistrate Ghazipur, Prabhu N Singh ordered the executive engineer PWD and basic shiksha adhikari (BSA) to probe into the matter.According to reports, there are 139 students in Jiyanchak primary school located in Dahan gramsabha. After the end of school hours, maximum students had left the school premises for their places while Bablu and Ankit (class-II students), Alok Kumar (class IV), Sanjay (class III), Ajay and Bhonu (class V) stayed inside the school for playing. In the meantime, dome of the school building collapsed and they all came under its debris.On hearing their cries, the villagers ran towards the incident site to rescue the injured children.The news of the incident brought the officials of district administration, police and education department on their toes. The injured children were initially rushed to primary health center. However, when their condition deteriorated, the doctors referred four of them to the district hospital. BSA, Nand Lal Singh claimed that the officials were ensuring best possible treatment for the injured children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15416961", "title": "Mehrunnisa to be shot in Lucknow", "text": "For a filmmaker who claims to work on only one film at a time, there's enough being written about the projects Sudhir Mishra's working on. There's the Arjun Rampal-Chitrangada Singh starrer that's under production; there's \"Mehrunnisa\", that Lucknowites would be most interested in, considering it's being touted as a story based in Lucknow and then there's a political thriller in the pipe line.Most of what's written about these films though, remains speculative in nature. So, when we caught up with Mishra on his visit to Lucknow over the weekend, we decided to get the evasive filmmaker to answer questions floating around about his works.What is this mystery surrounding all your films? There's no mystery. It's just that I don't like to talk about my films too much before they release. I feel the novelty of the whole project goes away if you talk about it before the film is released. Agar main pehle hi sab bata dunga toh usme dekhne ko kya reh jayega?So much has already been written about \"Mehrunnisa\". What is the status of the project? Again, I don't understand why there's so much speculation about \" Mehrunnisa \". I have time and again said that I work on only one project at a time. Main \" Mehrunnisa\" pe kaise kaam shuru kar sakta hoon till the time I don't have a proper script in hand. And jab tak script nahi hogi, how can I decide the cast and the crew? Now I have completed this film I was currently working on, and I also have a near-proper script, which I have given to Amitabh Bachchan. He still has to give us a date to start shooting. The other actor is Rishi Kapoor , who's very upbeat about the film. It's about two friends who haven't spoken to each other for 40 years because of a woman. Amitabhji and Rishi seemed like the ideal choice to me for the two male characters.What about the heroine? There have been a lot of guesses about whether it will be Madhuri Dixit or Chitrangada Singh? Guesses toh bahot huey hain. But the fact is even I haven't decided whom to cast as Mehrunnisa. Thodi bahot toh mystery maintain karni bhi chahiye, especially about the leading lady. Logon ka interest bana rehta hai.There was news about you wanting to make a political thriller. Isn't that going against your own norms of making one film at a time? I'm not making it. Yes, I am planning to make a political drama on the lines of \" Hazaaron Khwaishein Aisi\". The film is tentatively titled \"Har Khwaish Par Dum Nikle\" . But that will happen only after this current film of mine releases and \" Mehrunnisa \" is made. So, I am sticking to my rule of one film at a time.In fact, Anurag Kashyap, myself and Chakri Toleti, who made \" Billa 2\" , have decided to make short films for a website. The films will be made in a digital format, which can be watched on your cell phones, laptops etc. The project will kick off soon and I'm really excited about it. It's much more challenging making a short film because you have so little time to incorporate all the elements of a story. So, there's a lot happening with me and my films.What's the Arjun Rampal-Chitrangada starrer about? It's a very urban story titled \" Inkaar\" . It's a story of a woman who fights against sexual harassment in her office. She fights against her ex-boss for harassing her at her workplace. There's Arjun Rampal and Chitrangada Singh . I feel women are very strong, especially these days and they should raise a voice against any wrong done to them. My protagonist does just that in this film. It's a subject close to my heart. All my films are inspired from what I have seen, what I have felt. They all have some meaning. There are many moments in life where you feel frustrated and want to hit out. This film is about one such moment in this woman's life.You father, DN Mishra had founded a film society in Lucknow way back in the 70s. The current government had put in place a similar organization the last time they were in power. What's your contribution to encouraging cinema here? My father did a great thing in furthering the cause of Indian cinema in Lucknow. But sadly nothing is happening on that front. I too would love to further his cause but only when something concrete is decided. Lucknow has such a rich cultural heritage which should be exploited. Lucknow is not just about sher-o-shayari, there's a lot more to its music, dance, films. It's a treasure trove. That's why at the slightest opportunity I come to Lucknow to do whatever I can. But no, no one has approached me to form a film society or anything aur na hi main kisi se is baare mein mila hoon . However, I can reveal that \" Mehrunnisa \" will be shot in Lucknow. At least, 90% of it will be. It's a Lucknow story and will be made here. In fact, all of my films have a taste of Lucknow in them. That's the least I can do for my city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15411997", "title": "Absu holds fast to protest ethnic riots", "text": "GUWAHATI: The All Bodo Students' Union (Absu) on Wednesday observed an eight-hour hunger strike here to mark their protest against the ethnic clashes in western Assam between the Bodos and Bengali-speaking Muslims. The student body demanded proper scrutiny of the relief camp inmates before rehabilitation is provided to them and an impartialCBI probe into the clashes.Around 100 Absu members gathered at Lakhidhar Bora Khetra in Dighulipukhri holding placards to protest against illegal immigrants and the ongoing violence in Kokrajhar, Dhubri and Chirang districts of the Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC). They said relief materials for the victims must be dispatched immediately and demanded the state government provide adequate security for the inmates at the relief camps. It urged the government to focus on building confidence through steady rehabilitation of the inmates.\"We are fasting here to ask the state government to control the violence. There is no gain from violence and it impacts all. It is due to the lackadaisical attitude of the government that people have to stay in relief camps,\" president Pramode Boro said.\"Ajmal said there were around five lakh people staying at relief camps in Dhubri. The population of Kokrajhar is close to or less than nine lakh. So, how can he say that there were five lakh people staying in the relief camps. The influx of migrants poses a great challenge to the indigenous people of the state, and we demand that rehabilitation be provided only to bona fide citizens, so there must be proper scrutiny of the inmates,\" Boro said. He added that some people were trying to make the illegal migrants legal citizens through the rehabilitation process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15413400", "title": "Be an entrepreneur with a social concern", "text": "HUBLI: Here's a new opportunity for graduates who have a bent of mind to do social service and at the same time aspire for a bright career. The Deshpande Education Trust, (DET) in affiliation with the Karnatak University, Dharwad, will launch the Master of Social Entrepreneurship (MSE) programme at its centre on August 22.\"We will be the first in north Karnataka to start social entrepreneurship course and we are already receiving good response from students who have finished their graduation from different streams like engineering, commerce, science and arts\", said Neelam Maheshwari, programme director, MSE.The MSE programme will cover 25 subjects in four semesters spanning two years. Graduates will be trained in marketing, finance, human resource development, entrepreneurs' development and communication skills. \"Already we have received around 45 to 50 applications for the MSE programme and we have selected 13 students for the course so far. The main intention of starting the course is to provide entrepreneurship skills to students as well as prepare them for social work,\" said Shashidhar M G, coordinator of MSE .Rajeshwari Kalki of Gadag, who has got enrolled for the programme said that if she chooses MBA, then she will be learning only management skills. But by opting for MSE, she can learn business skills apart from doing social service. Students who have passed degree in any stream can apply for the course, provided they have a passion towards entrepreneurship, blended with a concern for the society.Live projects, power point presentations and entrepreneur's visits will be part of the curriculum. DET has invited real time entrepreneurs and business heads from across the country and abroad as well as experienced teachers from management background and heads of NGO's to share their experience with the students during the course.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15413110", "title": "Kerala Water Authority fails to provide water for new flats", "text": "KOCHI: A robust real estate sector in city may ensure that you get an apartment of your desire, but when it comes to drinking water supply in your flat, things are not that easy.Occupants of newly-built flats in Kalamassery, Thrikkakara, and Kakkanad are reeling under water shortage forcing them to buy water sold through tanker lorries. Residents say this has pushed up the maintenance cost of their flats.The builders of these apartments blame it on the apathy of the Kerala Water Authority (KWA).The KWA officials of Kalamassery sub-division, in charge of these areas, said that more than 20 applications for water connections from the apartments have been pending with them for over six months.The reason, they say, is shortage of six-inch pipes through which water is supplied to flats.A KWA assistant engineer, who chose to remain unnamed, even cited the Kerala Water Supply and Sewerage (Amendment) Act, 2008, to point out that only six-inch pipes can be used for the purpose. He said that even if there are enough pipes, it is difficult to get PWD nod to dig roads and lay the pipes.Currently, flat dwellers have to either spend Rs 750-Rs 1,500 to buy water through tanker lorries or use saline water usually drawn from groundwater sources.\"We need at least five tanker of water daily, for which we have to pay Rs350-Rs 450 extra as maintenance charge every month. Also it is difficult to check quality of water supplied by the tankers,\" said a resident of Mather Silver Lines, Kakkanad.Builders say a weak monsoon has made rainwater harvesting facilities set up in these apartments futile. \"Most buildings have the facilities, but we have to depend on KWA for drinking water,\" said M V Antony, president of Confederation of Real Estate Developers Associations of India (Credai), Kochi Chapter.He said the government should be ready to give one connection for every 25 apartments in each complex.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15412722", "title": "Visit Sanghumugham beach to experience 'ice and snow'", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The next time you visit the Sanghumugham beach, do not forget to take your woolens along. The district tourism promotion council, in collaboration with 365 Entertainers, has set up an 'Ice and Snow House' aimed at entertaining visitors at the beach.Inside the 2,500-sq-ft glacier-like blob made of plaster of Paris is an icy world bound to bring smiles to the young and old alike. It will certainly be a welcome respite from the searing heat of the tropical sun.\"The main attraction is the 'snowfall' area in the 350-sq-ft kids' play zone which is spacious enough to accommodate 10 children at a time. The photography zone, with the polar region as the backdrop, has been a favourite for shutterbugs since the space opened on Friday evening,\" said 365 Entertainers managing director Harin V.One can take a leisurely walk across the bridge by the ice-lake or marvel at the waterfalls and even experience what different times of the day would feel like in a polar region. \"Atmospheric changes observed in the ice caps such as early morning mist can be recreated with the help of blowers. The lights are controlled to give the visitors a feel of different times of the day such as early morning, noon and nightfall,\" said Harin.The area is insulated to maintain a constant temperature of around 13 to16 degrees Celsius. The floor is a three-foot thick ice bed made of 11.5 tonnes of ice. Crushed ice is being strewn on areas where people walk -- any type of footwear can be used.For this, two tonnes of ice is being used for refill daily. The Ice and Snow House which is being run on a trial basis till September 4 will be open between 3pm and 9pm on weekdays and between 12pm and 9pm on weekends. The entry fee of Rs 40 is inclusive of video and still camera charges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15410679", "title": "Freedom fighter Laxman Mahapatra back in hospital", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Nonagenarian freedom fighter Laxman Mahapatra, whose plight at Capital Hospital earlier had left the state government red-faced, was admitted to a private hospital in Bhubaneswar on Wednesday. Former health minister Prasanna Acharya met him at Capital Hospital on July 25 and asked the hospital authorities to treat freedom fighters with dignity.The patient, who was admitted to the hospital with retention of urine, was discharged the same day. \"However, we got him admitted to a private hospital after he again complained of kidney and eye sight problems,\" said a member of a voluntary organization, which is looking after Mahapatra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15417375", "title": "Second phase of shooting starts for Yaare Koogadali", "text": "The second schedule shooting of Kannada verison of 'Poraali' starring Puneet Raj Kumar-Yogi starrer 'Yaare Koogadali' will commence from August 20.The film will be directed by Actor-director Samuththirakani who had directed the original film 'Poraali' with Shashi Kumar and Allari Naresh in the lead.The film's first schedule shooting for fifteen days was completed earlier in Bengaluru. After a gap, the shooting of the second schedule is resuming from August 20. The film is produced by Ms Parvathamma Raj Kumar.Source: chitraloka.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15412136", "title": "Gaikwad report looked into circumstances leading to firing", "text": "PUNE: Exactly a year ago on August 9, protests by Maval farmers at Baur over a pipeline from Pavana dam to Pimpri Chinchwad turned ugly. The protestors threw stones, injuring 66 policemen, and three persons, one of them a woman, died when Pune Rural Police opened fire. Chargesheets have been filed against 189 farmers, so farThe state government appointed Justice M G Gaikwad (retd) to conduct an inquiry into the circumstances and sequence of events leading to the police firing. The committee which started its probe on January 30, 2012 and concluded it on May 19, submitted its report to the state government on July 30. Several suggestions including measures for the district administration and the police to avoid a repeat have been made.The report has probed whether the firing was justified and if proper procedure was followed to maintain law and order. The committee has inquired into whether the district administration and police were adequately prepared to maintain law and order during the agitation and whether proper procedure was adhered to while handling the situation.The committee had suo motu examined 35 medical officers of various hospitals to produce records of the agitators who were killed or injured. The medical officers were examined as they had not filed affidavits when the committee had appealed to people to provide information about the sequence of events.The panel had received 186 affidavits from Maval farmers, police officials, district administration and others, but the evidences of 91 witnesses were examined.Lawyers for Maval farmers examined 30 witnesses, including 15 medical officers, while the district administration examined four witnesses including district collector, Maval sub-divisional officer, Maval tehsildar and superintending engineer of irrigation department Avinash Surve.The Pune rural police examined 57 witnesses including former superintendent of police (Pune rural) Sandeep Karnik, former additional superintendent of police Ramnath Pokale, drivers and conductors of buses and owners of private vehicles and officials maintaining the Pune-Mumbai expressway. The committee did not examine independent witnesses.The arguments of lawyers Vinayak Abhyankar, Sushilkumar Pise and Vilas Pathare representing Maval farmers, the committee's counsel Sadanand Deshmukh, Pune rural police counsel Sureshchandra Bhosale and Chinmay Bhosale and district administration's counsel D D Shinde started on May 28 and concluded on June 6.Maval farmers' lawyer Vinayak Abhyankar's say-The agitation between 10 am and 1 pm on August 9,2011 was peaceful, but trouble began after the police tried to take away two leaders-The state government was aware of the discontent among farmers, but did not take any effective steps to resolve their grievance- Sandeep Karnik, former superintendent of Pune rural police, at a meeting on July 24, 2011 had assured the farmers that work on the pipeline project will stop, but it continued- On August 1, the farmers submitted a letter to the police about agitating on August 9 as Karnik had not kept his word-The Maval taluka magistrate and sub divisional magistrate failed to be present when the agitation took place on August 9 despite directions from the district collector-The procedure prescribed in Bombay Police Manual for opening firing was not followed. The police should have resorted to lathi charge and then tear gas-Another direction that the senior police officer present on the spot should supervise and control firing, but this was not followed. The police fired indiscriminately-The farmers had told the police that they will end the agitation after handing over a memorandum to the district collector. He was not given any information; he was told about the incident after 1 pmPune rural police lawyer Sureshchandra Bhosale's say-The correspondence between police and the district collector did not specify that the agitation will be organised on Pune Mumbai expressway- Sandeep Karnik, former superintendent of Pune rural police and inspector Maruti Ingawale had met BJP leaders and appealed to them to not organise any agitation-On August 7, Karnik intimated the collector about a meeting with BJP leaders. Maval tehsildhar had organised an urgent meeting on August 8, but BJP leaders did not attend it-Police took preventive action by issuing notices to farmers under section 149 of the Criminal Procedure Code. The collector issued notice under section 37 (1) (3) of the Bombay Police Act warning farmers not to create law and order problems-The agitators were requested to agitate along the expressway in the sides, but they manhandled policemen, stoned, burned and damaged vehicles-There was no violation of the Bombay Police Manual. Firing was opened in self-defence as per sections 96 to 106 of the Indian Penal Code. Rubber bullets were fired. The agitators were killed and injured, but nothing happened to their leaders- Police opened fire in the air from the expressway to scare the mob, but one was injured or killed. The policemen were out of firing range of 15 meters- It was a pre-planned riot and not an agitation. If the police would have not exercised their authority as per the law, the agitators would have killed them- The Maval bandh is unconstitutional and illegal as per the judgments of the Bombay and Kerala high courts. The Supreme Court has confirmed the judgments- Agitators violated prohibitory orders and caused huge damage to public property. Four cases were registered with Wadgaon Maval and Talegaon Dabhade police stations-There was no intention to kill agitators. Firing was justified as there was no other alternative to control the mob. Suspects were made witnesses in the judicial inquiry", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "badarka (unnao)", "code": "15413489", "title": "Chandrashekhar Azad's village crying for second independence", "text": "Badarka (Unnao): At the first glance, Badarka in Unnao district resembles any other nondescript village dotting UP's landscape, but a little stroll on its narrow, congested and dusty bylanes helps you uncover its glorious association with India's freedom struggle. Welcome to the birthplace of revolutionary leader Chandrashekhar Azad.As the nation join hands to pay tributes to the valiant heroes of the Kakori train robbery which shook the British government, this hamlet of 5,000 is struggling hard to assert its identity. Despite being the birthplace of Azad, this village is yet to get independence from a host of problems that plague its residents. The plight of Azad's grandsons is no different. They in fact bank on charity to preserve the legacy of the revolutionary leader.Every morning, Azad's grandson Dilip Mishra, who is also the caretaker of his statue at Amar Shaheed Chadrashekhar Azad Dwar, washes it to inspire and educate the children of the village the historic achievements which the revolutionary had accomplished in his brief lifetime. He also looks after the memorial built in the honour of Jagrani Devi, Azad's mother.\"My day starts at 6.00 am, when I wash Azadji's statue and ignite incense sticks. For Badarka residents, he is a god, who had sacrificed himself to free the country from British yoke. In the evening also, we offer our prayers for the martyrs. I have inherited this from my father, and doing this for the last two decades,\" said Mishra, who is unemployed and banks on charity.Recalling some tough days Mishra said, \"There have been some days, when I was penniless, and had to crush my hunger, only to ensure that there is no shortfall in paying homage to Azadji. Some people in the village have been kind and have helped in their own capacities, but we still wait to see any concrete help from the government. Every year, politicians from different political parties congregate here and pay rich tributes to martyrs and within hours of their departure, their promises and commitments also follow suit. It pains me to see this casual attitude. I did not marry and never left this place in search of jobs, only to keep the legacy alive. Am I at fault?\"Another villager, 70-year-old Madarilal Chaurasia, who has seen the village and its residents in both happier and times of distress, says, \"Despite located between Lucknow and Kanpur, this village in Unnao has no healthcare facilities, and there is only one school, which is up to class VIII. Villagers are forced to go either Kanpur or Lucknow to avail educational and healthcare facilities.\" He also points out to the pathetic condition of the memorial of Jagrani Devi and the library set up within the premises of Amar Shaheed Chadrashekhar Azad Dwar.Throwing light on the less work options available in the village, Rajan Shukla, a resident of the village, said, \"The village so far has got no work under Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme. This forces youngsters from the village to go other cities in search of livelihood.\"On August 9, 1925, the Number 8 Down Train travelling from Shahjahanpur to Lucknow was approaching the town of Kakori, when one of the revolutionaries pulled the chain to stop the train and overpowered the guard. It is believed that they looted that specific train because the train was carrying the money-bags belonging to the British Government Treasury in the guard's cabin. Ram Prasad Bismil and some others were charged with various offences, including robbery and murder. Fifteen people were released due to lack of evidence and a further five had absconded. Two of the absconders - Ashfaqullah Khan and Sachindra Bakshi - were captured after the trial, while Chandrasekhar Azad, reorganised the Hindustan Republican Army in 1928 and was killed on February 27, 1931 at Alfred Park, Allahabad. Azad was born to Pandit Sitaram Tiwari and Jagrani Devi in Badarka on July 23, 1906.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15411992", "title": "An emotional 'homecoming' for Gagan Narang", "text": "PUNE: It was almost like a homecoming for London Olympics 2012 bronze medallist Gagan Narang as he reached Pune on Wednesday morning. The ace shooter shares a special bond with the city as he had practiced here for three months before the start of the games.Narang, who kickstarted the medal rush for India, came straight to Pune where he had been training for the past four years. Also this is where he has been nurturing budding talent since the past 16 months at the 'Gagan Narang's Gun for Glory shooting academy' at the Shri Shiv Chhatrapati Sports Complex, Mhalunge-Balewadi.Puneites turned out in hundreds to give a rousing welcome to Narang on Wednesday morning. As soon as his flight landed, he was welcomed in typical Puneri style with 'dhol-tasha' and garlands. He flashed his medal and bowed to say a 'thank you' to the cheering crowd.The shooter immediately left for the Shri Shiv Chhatrapati Sports complex for a bigger reception. He expressed his gratitude to the shooting range at the academy, by offering flowers.His students and supporters waited for almost an hour to catch a glimpse of their hero. Rohan Singh, an aspiring shooter, said, \"He is our idol and he has made the nation proud. It's a big moment for us.\"A beautifully decorated caravan awaited Narang at Balewadi and as soon as he stepped on it, he was tied the traditional orange pheta.Narang flashed his medal yet again to the enthusiastic crowd even as they cheered him on.\"It is a very nostalgic moment as Pune has a special place for me. I'm enjoying every bit of this celebration,\" an elated Narang said.Outside the academy, fire crackers were burst before he entered the shooting range. His students could not stop cheering him as he waved back.Binjal Ruparel, another aspiring shooter, said, \"This is the moment that we had been waiting for. Since he won the medal, I have been waiting for him to come back to the academy. It feels great to meet the Olympian champion.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15417364", "title": "Vidyut Jammwal to open Manish's show at DCW", "text": "Vidyut Jammwal will be walking the ramp at the PCJ Delhi Couture Week .The Force actor, who has known Manish Malhotra for quite some time now, will be opening the designer's show on August 11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15414634", "title": "Stay with kids for a week: HC to couple", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a unique gesture in an inter-country parental child abduction case, Punjab and Haryana high court on Wednesday asked an estranged Canadian couple to stay together for a period of one week, along with their two minor kids, in a hotel in Chandigarh to bring an end to the family discord. Karan Singh Bajwa, a 41-year-old Canadian citizen, had moved a habeas corpus petition seeking custody of his son and daughter, both Canadian citizens, from \"illegal detention\" by his wife and father-in-law at their residence in Patiala.Both the kids were produced before the court on Wednesday along with their passports by a warrant officer of the high court, after which Justice Paramjit Singh of the HC held a lengthy mediation session in his chamber.Finally, before rising of the court, Justice Singh asked the couple to stay together in a hotel in Chandigarh for one week, so that their differences could be sorted out and an amicable solution could be found to save their family. The couple has also been asked to appear before the court on Thursday.Earlier, in his habeas corpus petition filed before the HC, Bajwa, a senior chief engineer in British Columbia, stated that his 11-year-old daughter and six-year-old son was forcibly detained by his father-in-law Jasbir Singh Sandhu at his Sant Enclave residence in Patiala.The kids were allegedly abducted in June this year when they had come to India for vacations here from June 22 to August 3, 2012. He also alleged that his wife Jasmine Singh is under the influence of her father. Bajwa's counsel, Anil Malhotra, submitted before the court that they had approached the federal department of foreign affairs, Canada on August 1, 2012, in which the court has declared that the children being habitual residents of British Columbia, the sole interim custody of the children shall be with Bajwa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15412730", "title": "Films that have smoking scenes to start with 20-second disclaimer", "text": "MUMBAI: The information and broadcasting (I&B;) ministry has made its mandatory for films that have smoking scenes to start with a 20-second disclaimer, a move that has not gone down well with a section of film-makers.According to a circular dated August 2, producers have to shoot the disclaimer on the actor seen smoking in the film, repeat it in the middle and also have a static message on the screen whenever for the entire duration of a smoking scene.Earlier, in a notification dated October 27, 2011, the Union health ministry had laid down stringent norms for depiction of smoking in cinema and on television. But the rule was not followed by many film-makers and members of the entertainment industry even wrote to health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad raising objections against the notification.While film-maker Madhur Bhandarkar , whose Heroine has Kareena Kapoor in the lead role, has agreed to fall in line with the Union government's anti-smoking rule, producer Mahesh Bhatt is opposed to Bipasha Basu dubbing the disclaimer for Raaz 3.Actor Manoj Bajpai has already done a voiceover in Gangs of Wasseypur stating that smoking is injurious to health.Clarifying his stand, Bhandarkar said: \"We have no choice but to bow down to the rules laid down by the ministry and CBFC. We need the censor certificate to release our films.\"But Bhatt, who had been fighting a case against the health ministry for banning smoking in films, remained defiant. \"I will not abide by this bizarre notification. The government can't treat us like imbeciles,\" he told TOI. His matter will be heard by the apex court on September 4 \"because my film is slated for release on September 7\".Earlier this year, the Film and Television Producers Guild wrote to Azad stating that the health ministry's notification on disclaimers was unfair to the entertainment industry. \"There is no absolute ban on smoking in the country. Therefore, smoking is not an illegal activity in our country. Films and television programmes are means of conveying reality to the public and providing entertainment. Any film/television show, while representing an act of smoking per se , would only be reflecting on something that exists and is permissible,\" the letter said.Film-makers have been blurring out scenes in films like Anurag Kashyap's Gangs of Wasseypur. \"There are so many old films that are screened on television with smoking and drinking scenes. Why can't the same rule apply to them?\" argued Bhandarkar.Karan Johar had voluntarily inserted a scroll in his song Chikni Chameli from Agneepath. But the guild called it an imperfect solution. The letter states, \"The requirement of the song was to show the character smoking a beedi, which was blurred due to the said notification. But it was very easy to infer that the character was smoking. Additionally, this has a paradoxical result as viewers may actually be attracted to the blurred spot making it more intriguing to adolescents.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15413128", "title": "MLAs to get iPads as sessions to be paperless", "text": "PORVORIM: From next year, the Goa legislative assembly will go paperless and for that all 40 MLAs will be given iPads.Replying to demands for grants to the legislature secretariat and other departments, chief minister Manohar Parrikar announced this on Wednesday and said this can be initiated from the March 2013 session. He said every MLA and all legislative assembly secretariat staff will be given iPads.Parrikar said to facilitate the new system, MLAs will be first trained on use of iPads during assembly proceedings. Stating it would be good to have paperless assembly sessions, he said it would not be difficult for members to switch over to the new system.He said in the session the initiative will be introduced, iPads and papers could be used to ease the transition. \"Huge quantity of paper is used for printing assembly documents and related papers,\" Parrikar said, adding that \"it will also help save some trees\".The chief minister also expressed readiness to construct a hostel for MLAs. He said when the session ends late, a need for a hostel is felt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "balasore (odisha)", "code": "15415839", "title": "India successfully test-fires nuclear capable Agni-II missile", "text": "BALASORE (ODISHA): Sharpening its missile teeth, India on Thursday successfully test-fired its medium range nuclear capable Agni-II missile with a strike range of 2000 km as part of a user trial by the Army from the Wheeler Island off Odisha coast.\"The trial of the surface-to-surface missile was conducted from a mobile launcher from the Launch Complex-4 of Integrated Test Range (ITR) at around 8.48am,\" defence sources said.Describing the launch as a complete success, ITR Director MVKV Prasad said, \"All mission parameters were met during the trial of the indigenously developed missile.\"Agni-II Intermediate Range Ballistic Missile (IRBM) has already been inducted into the services and today's test was carried out by the Strategic Forces Command (SFC) of the Army with logistic support provided by the Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO).\"The 2000 km range versatile missile, already inducted and part of countries arsenal for strategic deterrence, was launched as a training exercise by the armed forces,\" a DRDO scientist said.The two-stage missile equipped with advanced high accuracy navigation system, guided by a novel scheme of state of the earth command &amp; control system was propelled by solid rocket propellant system, he said.The entire trajectory of the trial was tracked by a battery of sophisticated radars, telemetry observation stations, electro-optic instruments and naval ships located near the impact point in the down range area of the sea.The 20-metre long Agni-II is a two-stage, solid-propelled ballistic missile. It has a launch weight of 17 tonnes and can carry a payload of 1000 kg over a distance of 2000 km.The state-of-the-art Agni-II missile was developed by Advanced Systems Laboratory along with other DRDO laboratories and integrated by the Bharat Dynamics Limited (BDL), Hyderabad, the sources said.Agni-II is part of the Agni series of missiles which includes Agni-I with a 700 km range, Agni-III with a 3,000 km range, Agni-IV and Agni-V.The first prototype of Agni-II missile was carried out on April 11, 1999.Though trial conducted on May 19, 2009 and the first night trial on November 23, 2009 from Wheelers Island could not meet all the parameters, all other trials including the last one carried out on September 30, 2011 from the same base were successful.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15413638", "title": "Noble goodbye: Man donates body to hospital", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Under the efforts of Yug Dadhich Dehdaan Abhiyan (YDDA), body of 70-year-old Dinesh Chandra Shukla, a resident of Deo Nagar of Kanpur, was donated to Moti Lal Nehru Medical College on Wednesday.Founder of the Yug Dadhich Dehdaan Abhiyan, Manoj Sengar told TOI that in 2011 Shukla had expressed the wish to donate his body after death.Shukla had also submitted his declaration with Yug Dadhich Dehdaan Abhiyan YDDY in 2011.Shukla, according to Abhiyan members, passed away at his Kanpur residence on Tuesday night.As per his wish, Shukla's family donated the body to MLN Medical College.Sengar said Yug Dadhich Dehdaan Abhiyan members have till date managed to donate 86 bodies to various medical colleges and 10 bodies to Moti Lal Nehru Medical College.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15413176", "title": "Each one, win five is Rahul Gandhi's mantra for Congress", "text": "BANGALORE: You own this candidate. That's the message of AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi to senior Congress leaders in Karnataka.It's Rahul's new electoral strategy to bring Congress back to power here \u2014 he is seeking leaders' commitment in writing that they will be accountable for the victory of at least five candidates. Winnability is being aggressively thrust down the rank and file of the party for getting tickets. The quota for youth or MPs will be secondary with Rahul chastened by the party's dismal performance in the Uttar Pradesh polls, where only five of 35 young persons won.This is part of the two-pronged strategy to rejig the sagging fortunes of Congress in Karnataka. The other is the leadership's decision to renew ties with its traditional vote banks -- Dalits, Muslims and backward classes -- which got scattered in the 2008 assembly elections, by recalling Union minister Mallikarjun M Kharge to the state. The latter had reluctantly contested the 2009 Lok Sabha elections and is said to have expressed his willingness to contest from Chitapur in Gulbarga district.According to party insiders, the Congress high command is said to be unhappy with two top leaders G Parameshwara and Siddaramaiah's failure to exploit the ruling BJP's disarray following internal squabbles. \"The party lost a very good chance of bouncing back with Parameshwara and Siddaramaiah preoocupied with their own differences,'' sources said.Many senior MLAs were surprised to get a call from Rahul to come and meet him. During the interaction, he reportedly asked them whether they were happy with the present set-up, how the poll strategy should be structured and whether tickets should be given to fresh faces. There will be early selection of candidates to snuff out any dissidence that may arise at the last minute.Bringing Kharge is said to part of the social engineering exercise. The dalits, minorities and backward classes, who had been the party's traditional vote banks, drifted away from them, and BJP was the major beneficiary with regard to scheduled castes votes. Though Parameshwara is a dalit, sources said the impact of him having pulled the SCs to his lot was not visible just as former PM H D Deve Gowda is to the Vokkaligas or Siddaramaiah to the backward classes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15412501", "title": "Locomotive runs 1.5km sans driver at Ajni shed", "text": "NAGPUR: In a bizarre incident, a loco engine brought for repairs at Central Railway's Ajni loco shed on Tuesday morning, travelled a distance of 1.5km in the shed without a driver, sources said. However, in charge of loco shed Sukhvinder Siddhu, divisional engineer (traction rolling stock), said the engine went only about 150 metres.According to sources, the freak incident took place around 9am when the WAG-9 (30315) category of engine was placed on the testing line. The engine rolled down as its wheels were not locked with wooden wedges, as is the practice.The rolling engine then stopped at the barrier towards Wardha-end. Siddhu said the engine rolled as handbrakes were not applied.The mishap exposed laxity in safety practices in the loco shed. At least 800 employees work in the shed and locomotive rolling on its own could have caused a tragedy. The loco shed was constructed under the railway electrification project and commissioned in 1990. It maintains WAG-7 and WAG-9 models.The shed is one of top ranking across Indian Railways and has also secured ISO certification. It has been won 'Best shed of Central Railway' award on several occasions.The railway unions have expressed serious concern over the incident. General secretary of Rail Kamgar Sena (RKS) Pramod Gondchar said such incidents occur as the shed was facing shortage of pointsmen, who are trained to handle such exigencies. \"It's a serious lapse. Technicians here are not fully trained,\" said Gondchar.However, Siddhu denied any shortage of pointsmen. Such incidents happen rarely, he added. But union leaders say lessons have not been learnt from similar incidents in the past.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15412049", "title": "Civic panel clears plan for free health care for students", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation's women and child welfare committee on Wednesday approved a resolution to provide free health check-ups and treatment to students in civic schools whose parents' income is less than Rs 1 lakh per annum. The PMC will pay the bills for these students in PMC and private hospitals.The proposal will be now discussed by the civic standing committee and then during the general body meeting. The PMC runs 294 schools in the city with Marathi, Urdu and English as mediums of instruction, and has over 88,000 students.A proposal to provide free Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Limited (PMPML) passes to PMC's junior college students was also forwarded to the civic administration for comment.The PMPML had recently initiated steps to recover dues worth Rs 111 crore from the Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad municipal corporations. While the PMC owes the transport undertaking Rs 69 crore, the PCMC is supposed to pay Rs 42 crore.The PMPML has given free passes to various commuters as per directives from the civic bodies. However, the Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad corporations have not yet paid for it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15413785", "title": "Victims\u2019 silence roadblock in convictions", "text": "MUMBAI: The state administration says that prosecution and securing conviction in female foeticide and sex determination cases are challenging tasks since the victims are statutorily not the complainants in such cases.A senior official said that female foeticide cases remain confined between the government and the errant doctors because it is not mandatory on victims to file complaints. Unlike other crimes against women, \"where the victim is often the complainant, in cases of sex determination and female foeticide the state is the complainant against the criminal medicos. As a result, the state has to take the initiative in unearthing such cases, employing techniques like sting operations,\" the official added.He explained that the practice of victims not being made complainant is in place to prevent the women from suffering \"social embarrassment\".\"Nevertheless, victims should be prodded to turn complainant. If a victim comes forward at the stage of filing compliant, it adds teeth to the case and makes investigation , prosecution and conviction a well-coordinated task. To protect her, the victim's identity should not be revealed at any stage,\" the Mantralaya official said.Congress MLA Praniti Shinde, who is a member of the state PCPNDT committee, too maintained that victims should step forth and help fight the menace of female foeticide. \"The society should encourage victims to lodge complaints against crooked doctors. The government, for its part, should ensure that the victims' names are not revealed and there is no danger to their lives,\" Shinde said.The increasing incidence of female foeticide has, over the years, put the ruling Democratic Front government in a tight spot. It adopted a slew of measures to curb the menace , thanks largely to the activism of voluntary and women's rights groups.Health minister Suresh Shetty, during the recent monsoon session of the legislature , announced that plans are afoot to also book the family members of victims in sexdetermination cases. Shetty declared that the government would seek the Centre's opinion for slapping homicide charge against those involved in female foeticide.A government official said the reason for poor conviction in sex determination cases, apart from victims not being part of them, is the lack of paperwork and scrutiny before cases are filed. \"Following an outcry over the declining child sex ratio, the authorities swung into action and started raiding sonography centres and hospitals. But many times officials, in a hurry, do not bother to prepare a watertight case. Furthermore , lawyers taking up such cases on behalf of the government do not understand the importance of the matter. Insufficient paperwork and poor homework, therefore, lead to acquittals of medicos,\" the official added.Shinde cited the instance of an additional public prosecutor who remained absent from the hearing in a Solapur court of a criminal appeal against a doctor booked under the PCPNDT Act. \"The lawyer's behaviour was indefensible.\"Times viewFight against foeticide will be won or lost in courtThe government is right, to some extent, when it says connivance by victims' families makes things difficult for the prosecution. But there has to be a solution. One way could be to charge in-laws of women, who are forced to undergo the procedure, with abetment to the crime and make the punishment a real deterrent. Ultimately, the punishment that killers of the female foetus get in court will determine whether Maharashtra can contain this crime against humanity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15412824", "title": "70-year-old Mysore businessman chases chain-snatcher, nabs him", "text": "MYSORE: V Balasubramanyam, a 70-year-old industrialist, showed what it takes to bust crime. On Wednesday morning, he chased down a chain-snatcher and nabbed him.Around 7.20am, Balasubramanyam was preparing tea for his brother and himself at his residence on Veene Shamanna Street in Agrahara after his morning walk when he heard raised voices. He though it was a family dispute and ignored it. But when he heard a cry for help, he rushed out to see the youth Milan trying to snatch a woman's gold chain. He rushed to help her and the youth ran for his life. \"I chased and with help of some passersby nabbed him on MG Road, about 150metres from the crime spot,\" he said.The chain-snatcher was thoroughly thrashed before being handed over to police.Police appreciated his bravery and plan to give him a reward. Mysore has seen 95 chain-snatchings this year.Balasubramanyam says that at a meeting with Mysore Chamber of Commerce and Industries this March he'd requested the city's top cop to curb triple-riding on motorbikes. He says people are not sensitized to tackle chain-snatching.Balasubramanyam is a multi-faceted personality. He's been running a factory for three-and-a-half decades. He is also an active member of the MCCI, a Mysore traffic police warden, police helpline senior citizen counsellor, police citizen committee member and president of Vipra Balaga. The fit industrialist walks 5km every morning and also won the third prize in the Chamundi Hill climbing competition this January.His wife Gayathri was in Bangalore on Wednesday. He's the great-grandson of Veene Shamanna, the man after whom the street he lives on is named.Police commissioner KL Sudheer said the victim is homemaker Manjula of Uththanahalli. She held on to her chain until Balasubramanyam rushed to her help. Milan, son of Javarappa, is a college dropout from Hassan. He sustained injuries all over his body.Morning Crimeline7.20: Milan tries to rob a woman on Veene Shamanna Road7.22: Milan flees on seeing senior citizen Balasubramanyam7.23: Balasubramanyam chases Milan7.25: Balasubramanyam and passersby nab Milan on MG Road", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15413749", "title": "Upper Lake over 3 feet away from full level", "text": "BHOPAL: City residents will have to wait for some more time to see the view of water gushing from the sluice gates of Bhadbhada. On August 8, the water level of the Upper Lake was 1663.5 feet against the maximum level of 1666.8 feet. The last time the sluice gates of Bhadbhada had opened in 2006. In the last 11 days, the water body received almost 7 feet of water, one BMC official said, adding, on July 29, the water level was 1656.6 feet. The level touched the 1660.0 feet mark on August 6.In the last three days, the level went up by three and half feet, the official pointed out.The water level of Kolar reservoir on Wednesday was 453.32 metre. On August 7, it was 453.29 metre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15413810", "title": "Declare Parthasarathy Temple an ancient monument, says PIL", "text": "CHENNAI: A public interest writ petition seeking to declare the Sri Parthasarathy Temple at Triplicane an ancient monument and to preserve its antiquity as per the Ancient Monuments and Archaeological Sites and Remains Act, 1958, has been filed in the Madras high court.The first bench of Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam, before which the PIL jointly filed by five devotees of the temple came up, has ordered notices to the state and central government.The PIL claimed that the authorities of the temple, now under the administration of the state government, never maintained a register containing particulars such as origin, history of the temple, expenditure, jewels, endowments, documents and title deeds though they were to be verified on regular basis.Charging the temple authorities with refusing to part with information on various aspects such as income from the temple properties, it said that in June this year the administration had undertaken works to cover the sanctum sanctorum and 'pradakshina' course with a permanent shelter, obstructing the view of the 'gopuram' and 'vimanam'.Also, the coarse stone flooring in the prakaram and pradakshina had been removed and replaced with polished granite flooring. These two works had attracted criticism from devotees, the PIL said, adding that declaring the temple as an ancient monument alone could safeguard its antiquity.Referring to the heritage tag and status accorded to Ripon Buildings, Victoria Public Hall and the Central Railway Station, besides Fort St George, the PIL said even the privately-owned Ameer Mahal was a protected monument, whereas the Sri Parthasarathy Temple was 'being damaged' by the authorities.The PIL wanted the court to restrain the temple management from proceeding with the project of covering the prakara and pradakshina with full or part permanent or semi-permanent structures.Pleading for bringing the temple under the Ancient Monuments and Archaeological Sites and Remains Act, 1958, the petition said that consequently the authorities should be asked to safeguard the antiquity of the temple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15411651", "title": "CM's Iftar party in Nagpur cancelled", "text": "NAGPUR: The first-ever Iftar party planned by chief minister Prithviraj Chavan in the city outside the winter session of legislature has been cancelled. District guardian minister Shivajirao Moghe told TOI from Chennai where he had rushed to see the ailing former CM and Union minister Vilasrao Deshmukh , that the party to be held at Ramgiri here for which prominent Muslims were invited from all over Vidarbha had to be cancelled.City Congress unit president Jaiprakash Gupta also confirmed this and said he had officially received the government's decision about cancellation. The sudden deterioration in condition of Vilasrao Deshmukh, a senior Congress leader of the state, no doubt weighed heavily and could have been a reason for cancellation of the party. But lack of proper planning of the event also appears equally to blame.As per Chavan's wish, the event was planned on Friday and he wanted it to be a pan-Vidarbha affair with community leaders from all over the region as guests. This, party sources said, created some problems as Muslims observing roja (fast during ramzan) find it tough to travel at this time. Those coming from Buldhana, Akola or Washim would have required five or more hours of travelling to reach Nagpur by evening when the fast is broken. Chavan was to reach for the party in the evening from Mumbai.Suggestions that a party be arranged only for local community was turned down as the chief minister did not want to it be a city affair and was specific on invitees from all over the region. So the event was finally cancelled.There was political speculation over the party as BJP national president Nitin Gadkari , a likely candidate for next Lok Sabha polls from the city, has already attended an Iftar party this week and the Congress did not want to lose the chance to cozy up with the Muslim community.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15413647", "title": "Need hard stance not soft view on illegal vendors: Residents", "text": "MUMBAI: The Centre's directive to the state to go soft on illegal hawkers has not gone down well with the residents who have been at the receiving end of these vendors. The residents, who have been roughed up and even had to pay fines for complaining against the illegal hawkers, feel that only a hefty fine will restrain them from coming back on the pavements.Kavita Thakker, a Goregaon resident and a regular complainant, lives in constant fear of illegal hawkers in Rajendra Park Society. Last week, around 200 hawkers entered the society premises to beat up her husband.\"The moment the hawkers saw me, they left. We live with the fear that they will attack us anytime. We have informed the police and also named the hawkers in our complaint. The Centre is right in scrapping imprisonment but there should be a hefty fine. There should be municipal markets to accommodate them,\" she said.Thakker even had to face police ire when she complained against unauthorized hawkers, as she was fined her Rs 1,200 for alleged misbehaviour.Thakker is not the only one to have faced hawkers' brunt. In September, five illegal hawkers from Andheri (W) thrashed shopkeeper Roshanlal Joshi after he complained to the BMC about them. \"The hefty fine of Rs 5,000 is the only way to deter hawkers from coming back,\" said Joshi.Aftab Siddique, chairperson , 33rd Road ALM, who has been fighting the hawker menace on Linking Road said that neither the BMC nor the police have got the manpower or machinery to curb it. \"They are short-staffed . Monetary penalty means nothing to hawkers as they earn 300 times more than the fine, especially on Linking Road, on a daily basis ,\" he said.Even as citizenss were expressing their displeasure against the Centre's move, Khar residents learnt on Wednesday that a local MLA has given a representation to municipal commissioner Sitaram Kunte to allow illegal vendors at Kharie village in Khar (W) for Ramzan.Times viewMumbai needs a strong law, not leniency, for illegal hawkingIllegal hawking is a menace in most parts of the city and it is more acute in station areas. The centre's lenient view flies in the face of general sentiment and the situation on the ground. And it's not only illegal hawking and encroachment of vehicular or pedestrian spare we are talking about. There is a more sinister element in the bullying and harassment that protesting citizens often have to face. A strong law remains the need of the hour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15417082", "title": "Infosys gets new deputy legal head after two senior-level exits", "text": "BANGALORE: As software exporter Infosys moves closer to a critical jury trial for alleged visa law violation in the US, the Bangalore-based company is witnessing senior-level churn in its legal department. After two senior exits last month, Infosys has appointed Gautam Rohidekar as deputy head of the department.Samuel Mani, the previous head of the legal department, and Neil Mathur, who was head-legal for Infosys BPO, left during the last two months to start a law firm of their own, reported law journal, Legally India.After a failed mediation attempt with Jack Palmer, the whistle blower employee who alleged that Infosys intentionally violated of US visa laws, the trial is set to begin on August 20. The visa case got much public attention in Infosys's largest market in the backdrop of rising anti-outsourcing sentiment ahead of presidential elections in US where unemployment rate remains stubbornly high at over 8%.Over the past year or so, Infosys has been underperforming the Indian IT industry. It has projected a growth of 5% in the year to 31 March, while industry body Nasscom has given a forecast of 11-14% for the same period. Coming out of a management transition and internal re-structuring, which happened a year ago, India's second largest software exporter is yet to get back on the growth track.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15414875", "title": "More water released, flood threat looms large", "text": "KANPUR: After releasing 2.69 lakh cusecs of water into river Ganga from Narora dam and Haridwar in past 72 hours, fresh amount of 3.35 lakh cusecs of water has been further released into the river. TOI in its edition of August 6 had brought out that 2.69 lakh cusecs of water has been discharged in the river, which had sufficiently flooded the ghats. Now 3.35 lakh cusecs would further raise the water level and this is the largest discharge of water into Ganga so far.The river on Wednesday was recorded to be flowing at 112 m mark when the last reading was taken. As of now the water has reached close to the villages of Katri region. As many as a dozen villages would be affected by flood if it sets in.The rising Ganga has started creating panic in the minds of the people living in Katri belt. The Ganga was reported to be dangerously flowing and was rising by half-a-centimetre with each passing hour.The gravity of the situation could be gauged from the fact that the ghats in Bithoor have completely submerged under water. Similar was the situation at the city ghats. All the prominent ghats are flooded with water.The locals of the ghat informed TOI that water has increased drastically in the river in the past two days. Heavy rainfall in the hills and release of water from Narora Dam has been stated to be cause of floods in the river.It is also important to mention here that for past one week, almost every alternate day fresh lot of water ranging in lakhs of cusecs is being released in the river Ganga. Thus, Ganga has enormous water in its course.Apart from the increased water level, the water currents in the river could also be noticed. This has increased risk for those who take holy dip in river each day specially temple priests and those living on the ghats.The threat also looms large over the low-lying areas of Bithoor and Katri. Chainpurwa, Rampur, Kallupurwa, Ramanihalpurwa, Natharampurwa, Chotta Mangalpur, Bada Mangalpur, Pahelwanpurwa, Mughanpurwa, Devnipurwa etc are the villages of Katri belt that will face flood situation if river rises further.The district administration after witnessing a steep rise in the water level has become alert. With the Met department's prediction that it will rain heavily in the days to come it is for sure that the water level would further increase. The situation is also turning alarming in Shuklaganj area. The low-lying localities and villages of Shuklaganj run a risk of getting submerged under water.Some 13 villages of Katri belt are under siege from river especially the Chainpurwa village. The locals of Katri are and are ready to evacuate if water reaches close to their fields. As of now district administration has identified all the flood relief centres and has been making preparations for purchasing more boats.A senior district official informed TOI that if water column rises by another 1.5 feet, the villagers of the Katri belt would have to be moved to safer places. It is expected that those who would be moved out, will be made to stay at Ganga Barrage. The official added that the risk looms large over Chainpurwa village the most as it the closest village to the river Ganga. The district official himself termed the situation to be critical but added that the situation was under control. \"We are in contact with Katri village pradhan Ram Das regarding evacuation of villagers if river rises further\", said the official further.The situation at ghats has become grim, which is completely submerged under water. Parmat ghat, Rani ghat, Tiwari ghat, Bhairon ghat, Hospital ghat, Gola ghat, Sarsiyya ghat and Massacare ghat are all flooded with the flood water. The locals of the ghat are the worst affected lot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15412991", "title": "Migrant labourers fuel HIV threat", "text": "KOCHI: Large-scale migration of unskilled labourers from northern states for better job prospects is increasing fears of a surge in HIV cases and other sexually transmitted diseases in the city.According to officials of the Kerala State Aids Control Society (KSACS), which conducts targeted intervention projects for high-risk groups, migrant labourers and more specifically men having sex with men (MSMs) among them is a category that has been completely neglected in the state. \"They are a category that remains totally unchecked. We are yet to launch projects specifically targeting MSMs among the migrant labour community.They pose a serious risk of spreading HIV infection in the society as they have started to mingle with local people for money and sexual gratification,\" said KSACS (targeted intervention) joint director Dennis Joseph.Kochi has nearly 1,200 MSMs who are registered and covered under various projects of the KSACS.\"We have programmes focusing on MSMs from the lower strata who need to be made aware of safe practices. But they don't include migrant labourers. Moreover, a large number of MSMs belong to the economically upward bracket and operate in a different platform compared to the lower strata,\" he said.While the audited figure is 1,200 for all categories of MSMs, the unofficial figure in the city is around 4,000 to 5,000, who come mostly from migrant labourers and the economically upward class, according to Joseph.City shadow police sub inspector Muhammed Nizar said that activities of MSMs, whether it is migrant labourers or locals, are increasing in the city.\"Money is the main factor that is attracting MSMs to the city,\" said another police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15412309", "title": "No end to traffic ordeal for fliers", "text": "KOLKATA: Rajeev Banerjee nearly missed his evening flight on Wednesday despite reaching the entrance to the airport off VIP Road 90 minutes before the scheduled departure. Anuj Dugar actually did miss his flight a couple of days earlier. He, too, had left for airport well on time and reached the entry point with time to spare.Banerjee and Dugar are among scores of passengers who report late for evening flights because they get stuck in traffic snarls within the airport complex. \"It took me an hour to travel less than a kilometre from the airport entrance to another gate that opens to Jessore Road. Incredibly, most of the cars were headed for Jessore road, but they blocked the lane that leads to the airport,\" recounted Banerjee.As Dugar discovered last week, nine out of 10 north-bound cars and taxis that turned into the airport from VIP Road exited via the gate that leads to Jessore Road. \"Over 90% commuters who enter the airport head for Birati, Madhyamgram and Barasat. In doing so, they make life hell for fliers,\" he said.At the airport advisory committee meeting last week, airport director B P Sharma had taken the matter up with Bidhannagar police commissioner Rajeev Kumar. Later that day, committee chairman and MP Saugata Roy had talked about an end to the trauma soon.\"There is a major traffic issue at the airport, particularly in the evening. Airport-bound vehicles are getting stuck in the snarl caused by traffic that uses the airport road to avoid the VIP Road-Jessore Road intersection. To avoid congestion that is also delaying flights, we have asked police to not allow outside traffic into the airport between 6pm and 9pm,\" Roy told TOI, raising hopes of an end to the nightmare.Airport director B P Sharma had also remarked that the date would be decided soon after letting motorists and cabbies know of the temporary closure.But less than a week on, Bidhannagar Police seem to have vetoed the proposal. \"It is not possible to shut down the road for only three hours every evening. We are not sure how to screen traffic to allow only those headed for the airport while segregating the rest. That will create a larger bottleneck on VIP Road, inside the airport as well as on Jessore Road,\" Bidhannagar Police deputy commissioner (traffic) Pranab Kumar said.Though the police are officially still evaluating the proposal, sources said it had been dumped. \"The plan is not feasible. The north-bound traffic has been using the short-cut for a couple of years now. At times, there may be congestion within the airport but it has eased the bottleneck at the VIP Road-Jessore Road intersection that would have caused a bigger jam on VIP Road and stalled airport bound traffic way ahead,\" Kumar pointed out.He also reasoned that with the new terminal slated to open in a couple of months, airport-bound traffic would use the flyover to access the terminal, thereby freeing the current road for use by city traffic. \"People have to deal with the problem for a while longer. Once the new terminal opens, there won't be an issue,\" Kumar said.The argument has airport and airlines officials fuming. \"How can police appropriate a road that belongs to the airport simply because the airport authorities have been generous enough to allow its use to decongest the snarl at the VIP Road-Jessore Road intersections? A long-term solution can only be worked out if a proper flyover is designed and constructed to allow free flow of traffic at the intersection,\" an airport official said.Airline officials pointed out that the current arrangement was posing a problem in the mornings, too. \"Even fliers who arrive between 9.30 am and noon get stuck at the traffic snarl within the airport. And with Pujas round the corner, it will result in a mess if the situation is not resolved now,\" a carrier official said. Last year, more than 100 passengers missed their flights owing to snarl on VIP Road and within the airport.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15413571", "title": "It was a last-minute decision to escort the deceased jawan", "text": "COIMBATORE: Family and friends of O Palanisamy, an assistant engineer with TNHB, are still grappling with the news of the latter's death in a road accident on Wednesday. What made it more traumatic was the fact that they first heard of the news from television channels that were flashing the news of an army truck bearing the body of a deceased military man that was involved in a fatal accident.According to sources, Palanisamy had decided at the last moment to join his wife Selvi in escorting the deceased to his native place. Initially, only Selvi was to escort the body of her cousin Saravanan, a Subedar with the army posted in the North East, who had passed away at a hospital earlier this week.\"We are yet to get the complete details of the mishap. As of now, we only know that Palanisamy is no more and that my daughter has been injured, although I am told she is out of danger,\" said M Mahalingam, Palanisamy's father-in-law, a retired police constable.Palanisamy was a resident of Brindavan Nagar who lived with his wife Selvi, a government school teacher in Chinniampalayam. The couple has a daughter Monisha, a second year Btech student at PSG College of Technology. Relatives had accompanied her to Mettupalayam GH so that she could be there for her mother who is in a state of shock.\"It is a huge loss for the family. Palanisamy was a very soft spoken and good natured individual. He was also my good friend,\" said R Radhakrishnan, a sanitary inspector with Coimbatore Municipal Corporation who came to his residence soon after he got the tragic news. Palanisamy's brother O Kaliappan also arrived at his residence late evening after he was informed about his sibling's death. He was inconsolable when he heard the news.Residents are in a state of shock, busy making arrangements to receive the body and inform his friends and relatives in the city. Palanisamy was one of the executive members of the Vinayagar temple in the neighbourhood and he actively participated in the activities of the colony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15414770", "title": "City sees brisk selling of decorative items", "text": "KANPUR: The industrial city is ready to celebrate Janmashtami, the birthday of Lord Krishna, in a grand style. City markets are flooded with beautiful and decorative items to beautify 'jhankis' (tableaux) at houses and pandals. Even the small clothes meant for 'Laddoo Gopal' are in great demand.The markets are witnessing heavy footfall ahead of Janamashtami these days. People are shopping for decorative items for decorating the tableaux. 'Morpankh' and small China clay idols of Krishna are also in great demand.Prime markets, including Shivala, Naveen Market, Kidwai Nagar, P Road, Lal Bangla and Govind Nagar, are witnessing crowded look ahead of festival to be celebrated on August 10.The shopkeepers are offering a number of fancy dresses of the Lord. Surprisingly the costs of these small dresses are touching skies. \"The Ratnajarit vastra for Laddoo Gopal is a new item for this year. This dress costs from Rs 250 to Rs 1000 in the small sizes. The biggest size dress (ratna dress) for Shree Krishna this year may cost around Rs 2,000,\" informed a shopkeeper.The khadi dresses for Laddoo Gopal and standing Krishna Idols are also available this year which are in great demand as well.Buyers say it is time to decorate houses, jhula/cradle of Lord Krishna and also beautify the house to celebrate the birth of Lord Krishna.To cater to the demand of buyers, the shopkeepers are ready with decorative Krishna Idols and big and small sculptures. At some places the shopkeepers are themselves decorating the articles and selling them while at many places only idols and stuff to decorate it are available.Similarly, wall hangings adorning the image of Lord Krishna are available in a large variety in markers which are a popular Janmashtami decorative item. As the festival is traditionally celebrated by denizens of the city, wall hangings with ethnic touch are preferred over others.Embroidered cloth panels too work wonders as a popular festival decorative.Manju, a shopkeeper at Shivalaya, told TOI that door hangings or torans with pictures of Lord Krishna pasted over them make a unique decorative item. She added that she has prepared these attractive torans by stitching or pasting popular Janmashtami symbols such as flute, morpankh, pots containing butter and butter milk.Even the buyers are searching for eye-catching decorative items. According to the shopkeepers, the buyers are also very educated in terms of market trend.\"We have organized a large function at our house on the occasion of Lord Krishna birthday. There is a competition among people in our locality to decorate the jhanki more attractive and win the prizes as well,\" said Namita, a buyer.Meanwhile, the city temples devoted to Lord Krishna are being beautifully decorated. The famous Krishna temples, including Radhav Madhav temple in Kidwai Nagar, Sanatan Dharam temple in Kaushalpuri, JK Temple in Lajpat Nagar are all being decked up.These are the temples where devotees in thousands turn up to offer prayers to Laddu Gopal. Poeple get a chance to witness tableaux decorated to show life journey of Lord Krishna. Moving tableaux with special light arrangements remain the centre of attraction for the devotees who come here. Tight security arrangements remain in place at these famous Krishna temples in the city.The birth of Lord Krishna would be celebrated at famous ISCKON temple also. Situated in Bithoor, thousands of people turn up to be a part of the celebrations here. The devotees dance on Krishna bhajans and play 'Phoolo Ki Holi' to mark the pious occasion. Special 'prasad' is given to the devotees who come here. The fanfare continues for a couple of days to celebrate the holy festival in a grand manner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "dubai", "code": "15410824", "title": "Australia lose top ODI spot to England", "text": "DUBAI: England toppled former world champion Australia at the top of the ICC ODI ranking table, following an annual update on Wednesday.Australia have fallen to fourth spot which is its lowest ranking since the ODI table was launched in 2002 as its outstanding record of 30 wins and eight defeats from 40 ODIs in 2009-10 does not reflect any longer after the update.England lead second-placed South Africa by one-sixth of a rating point, while world champion India are third - just one ratings point behind England. Australia trail England by nine ratings points.The annual rankings update is carried out to ensure the Championship tables continue to reflect recent form. As such, the new tables only include results from matches played from August 2010, with older results from between August 2009 and July 2010 being discarded.This is the first time England have topped the ODI Championship table since it was launched in 2002. It is also the first time England can claim to be the top ODI team since January 1996, after the rankings are applied retrospectively.Below the top four, the ODI rankings are unchanged. However, the gap between seventh-placed West Indies and eighth-ranked New Zealand has grown from six to 20 points, while ninth-placed Bangladesh is now only three points behind New Zealand.Meanwhile, South Africa have replaced England as the number-one ranked side on the T20 table.However, the number-one T20 ranking, like in the current Test and forthcoming ODI series, will be up for grabs when the reigning World Twenty20 champion England and South Africa go head to head in a three-T20I series starting on 8 September in Chester-le-Street.Currently, both the sides are separated by one ratings point.Australia have slipped from sixth position to ninth, as its excellent results in early 2010 have now been removed, while West Indies has moved up from eighth to fifth after benefiting from the exclusion of its results from early 2010.Only 11 teams are now ranked on the T20I table. The remaining five sides - Afghanistan, Canada, Kenya, Netherlands and Scotland - have played fewer than eight Twenty20 internationals since August 2010. These sides will rejoin the table once they have played eight T20 internationals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15411323", "title": "Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority earns Rs 125 crore through auction of land", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA) on Wednesday raked in Rs 125 crore through the auction of 42 leftover plots in the city. However, there were six such plots which had no takers when the auction concluded.The HMDA got Rs 84.74 crore for over four acres of land in Nandagiri Hills while a parcel of land in Asifnagar fetched another Rs 5.88 crore. An open plot in Gopanpally layout near Gachibowli was sold for Rs 31,234 per square yard.Bids were invited for 42 plots in Asifnagar, Miyapur, Nallagandla, Ramchandrapuram, Tellapur, Gopanpally and Nandagiri Hills through e-bidding and sealed tenders. Most of the bids were for those plots which went unsold at previous auctions.While the last date for filing bids was August 7, HMDA opened the same on Wednesday.HMDA officials said 235 individuals and firms had filed e-bids with 178 bids coming as sealed tenders. A plot in Asifnagar, eight plots in Miyapur, 11 plots in Gopanpally, 15 plots in Nallagandla and a plot in Ramachandrapuram were sold off on the day. However, no bids were received for a plot in Miyapur, two in Nallagandla and a plot in Ramachandrapuram. One plot in Tellapur was put up for auction, but no tender was received.The Nandagiri Hills land measuring 4.695 acres was sold for Rs 84.74 crore. A firm, NetNet Ventures Pvt Ltd, bought the plot for Rs 18.5 crore per acre against the upset price of Rs 18 crore per acre. When the same land was put up for auction last year, the upset price had been Rs 23 crore per acre.The Gopanpally layout too received a good response from bidders. While a layout was successfully sold last year, in the latest auction, Gopanpally extension layout with 11 plots were put up for auction.While the highest amount during the previous auction had been Rs 22,000 per square yard, the latest auction saw a plot (Plot No.13) bought at Rs 31,234 per square yard by Dr M Vijaya Gopal.The upset price for the plot was Rs 12,000 per sq yard. This plot alone fetched Rs 93,70,350 to the authority. Interestingly, 19 persons filed their bids for the same plot and 11 bids were received for another plot (No.20) in the Gopanpally layout.Another leftover plot, measuring 2,092 sq.yards, in Asifnagar was also sold for Rs 29,000 per square yard against its upset price of Rs 25,000.This plot was secured by Mohd Moinuddin and group. This parcel of land fetched Rs 5.88 crore. Metropolitan commissioner Neerabh Kumar Prasad of HMDA said that the EMDs of the unsuccessful bidders would be returned within two days through online transfer.He said that a new system had been introduced which allows successful bidders to pay the balance bid amount within 90 days.\"If he pays within 30 days, no interest will be charged. If the bidder pays the amount within 60 days, 12% and 18% interest will be charged. The charge will be 12% and 15% in case the amount is paid within 90 days,\" he added.The commissioner said revenue from the auction would be spent on ongoing projects of the HMDA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15413764", "title": "Water recedes in low-lying areas as rains stop", "text": "BHOPAL: After days of incessant rains, residents got respite after it stopped raining on Wednesday. The weather office also ruled out possibility of heavy runs as low pressure area triggering rains has moved on.Water started receding from low-lying areas of the city after rains stopped.Officials of the Met department, Bhopal circle, said the low-pressure system has moved ahead and the city is not expected to witness heavy rains anymore. \"There could be one or two spells of low-intensity thundershowers,\" they added.Bhopal recorded 2.1 mm of rain till 6.30 on Wednesday evening. While a total of 30 mm rain was received in past 24 hours till 8 on Wednesday morning.The maximum temperature in Bhopal was recorded at 27.5 (-2) degrees against a minimum of 23.3 (00) degrees. The Met department says there is a possibility of one or two spells of thundershowers in next 24 hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15412880", "title": "Was college management aware of racket?", "text": "NAGPUR: In an interesting development to the 'copying' racket unearthed at Wardha's Agnihotri College, the arrested duo of principal and exam in-charge has reportedly confessed to the police of being in its know-how and has passed the buck onto the college management for allegedly compelling them to ignore it, sources informed.Senior lecturer at Rani Agnihotri Institute of Physical Education Anil Mahalle, who was centre in-charge for the Nagpur University exams, and principal SN Murthi were arrested by the Wardha police on Tuesday and are under police custody remand till Friday. Wardha SP Avinash Kumar refused to confirm or deny the news, saying investigations were underway.Sachin Agnihotri, the joint secretary of the Jai Mahakali Shikshan Santha which runs the college, termed the news as a \"rumour\". \"Both of them are our loyal employees. The only person responsible for the racket is the peon Shriram Mandade,\" he said, adding that the college is not at fault.NU Registrar Mahesh Yenkie said that the varsity might cancel 'approved teacher' status of both Mahalle and Murthi. He has also recommended permanent disaffiliation of the centre.NU to cancel 1st two papersThe university is set to cancel the first two papers (BPharm-I (general and disposing) held on July 30 and Pharmaceutical Chemistry-I (Organic) held on August 1) held at Agnihotri College. \"I have given my recommendations, it's up to the top management to take a final decision,\" said Yenkie.The registrar informed that the case of ten students caught solving the question paper by referring to books at a student's home would be forwarded to NU's disciplinary action committee for further action. \"We have already changed around seven papers of first and final year BPharm and MPharm-I which was to be held on Monday at the centre,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15417470", "title": "TCS, Infosys, Wipro, HCL BPOs shine amid IT slowdown", "text": "BANGALORE: The IT sector is slowing down, but the business process outsourcing (BPO) segment - which has always played second fiddle to IT - has emerged as a silver lining in the cloud.In the quarter ended June, the BPO segment, which had been growing relatively slowly, showed a clear revival for many companies, especially the integrated IT-BPO companies whose.For every one of the big IT BPO companies, the sequential rise in growth rate of their BPO businesses was the highest in the last four quarters.TCS's BPO business saw an amazing 27% increase in growth compared to the preceding quarter to touch Rs 1,887 crore. Infosys's BPO business grew 15%, the business had grown sharply even in the preceding quarter.Wipro and HCL, both of which had seen a sequential decline in the March quarter, witnessed good growth in the June quarter. HCL's BPO business, which had been making losses of $10 million in the last several quarters, broke even in the latest quarter.Ankita Vashistha, MD of outsourcing advisory firm Tholons, attributes this to the global economic challenges that are pushing companies to outsource non-core processes. On the IT side, clients were limiting their budgets now.On the other hand, BPO is growing for everyone because customers want to take their non-core processes and outsource them. So there is a bigger opportunity there,\" she says. Vashistha adds that IT firms are focussed on offering integrated services, leveraging their IT platforms and analytics to deliver business outcomes for clients.Technology is increasingly emerging as a crucial differentiator. For instance, e-discovery in legal process outsourcing (LPO) is not possible without technology. \"This gives integrated ITBPOs an edge over pure-play BPOs,\" says Martin Conboy, a Sydney-based BPO analyst.Many leading IT companies have decades-long relationships with Fortune 1,000 companies. These companies are able to ginto conversations with senior managements of client companies and are able to secure integrated IT &amp; BPO projects. \"India has a nicely balanced spread of service lines, with 42% in customer care, 22% in F&A; (finance and accounting), 18% in knowledge services and 14% in vertical specific BPO services,\" said Conboy.Swami Swaminathan, CEO of Infosys BPO, says the company's BPO model has also changed significantly in many ways. \"From a transactional BPO, we have become a transformational BPO, helping to grow customers' businesses. Three years ago, we had 7-8% of our revenues coming from Asia-Pacific. Today, 18% of our revenues is coming from Asia-Pacific. And from a BPO, we have become a BPR (business process right sourcing ) provider. It's no more just about picking up a piece of work from the US and then moving it to India. We have delivery centres around the world and we choose the best location to offer that service out of. This is what we believe will help us move up the value chain,\" he said.But will the June quarter trend sustain? Wipro's CEO for the IT business T K Kurien says it will. Although Sangeeta Gupta, vice-president of IT industry body Nasscom, says it's too early to make any projections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15414699", "title": "Online electricity bill payment to cost you more", "text": "GURGAON: While the rest of the world is promoting online payments to cut costs and ensure convenience for consumers, Dakshin Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam (DHBVN) thinks otherwise.The discome has decided to charge an extra fee if a consumer pays through credit or debit card. DHBVN collects 1% of the bill amount and 12.36% service tax extra. However, there are no charges for online payments through National Electronic Fund Transfer (NEFT).To avoid the extra burden, residents are left with no option but to visit local payment collection centres.In 2008, the online payment service was initiated by DHBVN to cut down long queues at the collection centres. \"If we don't charge this fee, the discom will have to bear that amount and we would be in losses,\" said a DHBVN official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15410647", "title": "Row over Bhubaneswar Development Authority secretary's date of joining", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A political outfit on Wednesday accused a senior official of the Bhubaneswar Development Authority of manipulating his service records.Kalinga Sena president Hemant Rath produced some documents, obtained through RTI, to show that the service book of BDA secretary Shreekant Kabi mentioned two different dates of joining - February 13, 1977, and February 13, 1980. The latter date has been put after striking off the 1977 date.\"The service book clearly showed two dates, out of which one was struck off. How could the officer join on two dates? A thorough inquiry should be made to find out at whose end the manipulation was made,\" Rath said. Kabi, however, rubbished the allegation. \"I did not manipulate the record. I joined service on February 13, 1980. The 1977 date was a wrong entry. The mistake was not made by me, but by the officer who maintained the service book. The change of date is duly attested by an officer,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15412369", "title": "Obama conveys condolences to PM over gurdwara shooting", "text": "NEW DELHI: US President Barack Obama called Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Wednesday to convey condolences over the shootings at a gurdwara in Wisconsin on August 5 that claimed six lives.Obama appreciated contributions of the Sikh community to American society and said the tragic incident would be investigated, a government release said.The PM thanked Obama for support extended by the government and people of the US. He hoped measures would be taken to avoid recurrence of such incidents. He stressed that India and the US are pluralistic and open societies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15414955", "title": "Boodha Bargad dead, but its tale still alive", "text": "KANPUR: \"Boodha Bargad to kab ka khatam ho gaya, wo to media or DM sahab ke karan hum logo ne unki hi batai hui zagah pe barricading laga di thi (Boodha Bargad vanished a long time back. We have only put up the barricading owing to the DM and the media).\" Bizarre it may sound, but it is true that the old Banyan tree, popularly known as 'Boodha Bargad', which was once among the important historical sites here, has now totally vanished.According to the care-takers of this historical tree, it died several years ago but they were only doing the formality to preserve it due to administrative orders. Even the 'Shaheed Sthal', the place which was constructed in the name of the martyrs who were hanged on the tree during the freedom struggle, is being used as sleeping spot by anti-social elements.The industrial city has a glorious past which needs no mention. The city had a strategic position in the Indian independence struggle. Being the hub of military establishment, the city enjoyed a prominent place in the freedom struggle.\"The inhumane treatment of Indians by General James O'Neil at Allahabad and Banaras invited wrath of the people against the British which escalated into massacre of innocents. Nana Sahib, Tantia Tope, Jwala Prasad and Azimullah Khan were the gallant fighters who spearheaded the revolt of 1857. The Boodha Bargad (Banyan tree) at Nanarao Park is a symbol of the sacrifices of our freedom fighters with 144 of them having been hanged on the tree,\" said Professor SP Singh, HoD, Department of History, Christ Church College.Hence after the independence struggle, people and political leaders at that time marked this old Banyan tree as 'Boodha Bargad', which was an eye-witness to the martyrdom of several revolutionaries. After the freedom struggle, the 'Shaheed Sthal' was constructed in the name of the martyrs.Till just a few years back, this sole witness to the martyrdom of several revolutionaries used to stand tall in the heart of the city at Nanarao Park of Phool Bagh. But a few years back, it was reduced to a stump. At that time, local visitors and social activists demanded saving of the symbol of freedom struggle and glorious past of the city.Even TOI had highlighted the neglected state of the tree at that time some two years ago. After the hue and cry, the district administration had ordered the municipal authorities to construct a barricading around one small 'keel' (seed of Bargad) which according to them was the part of the historical Bargad tree.That was the only attempt made by the administration and even by the organizations that claim to work for preserving the legacy of the past. No one after the construction of barricading bothered to come to see the condition of the tree which is missing from the Nana Rao Park.Thanks to the ignorant government officials, insensitive public and fame-loving heritage organizations, the centuries-old historical Banyan tree kept dying a slow death and none came forward to preserve it.Even more weird is the fact that if the administrative authorities were not able to save it, they are oblivious of the fact that the 'Shaheed Sthal', the place which was constructed in the name of the martyrs who were hanged on the tree, is being used as sleeping spot by anti-social elements.Talking to TOI, M P Singh, Udyan Adhikari of Kanpur Municipal Corporation, said: \"The old banyan tree died several years ago.\" When asked as to why they put up barricading along the seed coming out of the Bargad tree, he said: \"It is wrong that any root was coming out of the Boodha Bargad. It was one of the seeds of the new Banyan tree we had planted,\" he replied.An old tree can be preserved only to a point, added Singh.The officials, when asked why the staircase of 'Shaheed Sthal' is so dirty and covered with mud and cow-dung, he said the caretakers of the historical places -- 14 in number -- regularly wash it but as there are no guards, anti-social elements gather at the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15412890", "title": "4 held in nilgai poaching case", "text": "NAGPUR: Forest officials on Wednesday evening arrested four persons involved in poaching of a nilgai on August 3 at Ooty village on Umred road, 25km from here.The accused have been identified as Tulsiram Aratpayle, Dinesh Neware, Sudam Patil and Dayaram Masram, all residents of Ooty. All the accused are under forest custody and will be produced before judicial magistrate first class ( JMFC), Kuhi, on Thursday. The main accused, Fulchand Neware, who was arrested on August 3, has already been granted bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15413073", "title": "Transport dept seeks to reduce accidents through 'three E's'", "text": "PANAJI: Stating that it was a matter of concern that more than 300 Goans die in road accidents every year, Arun Desai, director of transport, said that his department will adopt an 'education, engineering and enforcement' method of ensuring road safety.\"Accidents and fatalities are increasing by the day and unless all of us work together to minimise it, it will not reduce,\" said Desai.Explaining the three E's concept, Desai said as part of education, \"required training will be provided by the department to bus operators and other associations.\"Road safety patrols and traffic wardens will also be strengthened, he said. Under the traffic warden scheme, students and adult volunteers are trained in traffic management by the police, he said. Explaining the e'ngineering' part, the PWD will be engaged in improving road signage and display of boards, he added.Desai said that enforcement at the local level would be improved and rules strictly enforced. Traffic management committees at village levels and municipalities will be enlisted, he said. In this respect, Desai said that the department has called a meeting of all stakeholders, particularly various associations of public transport like bus owners' associations, yellow and black taxi owners' associations, autorickshaw operators associations, motorcycle pilot associations, tourist taxi operators' associations, Goacan and Marg, to discus how they can contribute to minimise road accidents. The meeting will be held on August 9 at 4.30 pm at the new Central Library building in Patto.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15413570", "title": "3 people, escorting deceased army man to his native, killed in accident", "text": "COIMBATORE: Three people including two army personnel were killed when an army truck bearing the coffin of an army Subedar who died in Meghalaya overturned here on Mettupalayam - Annur route near Sirumugai on Wednesday afternoon. The Subedar was being escorted to his native town in Nilgiris district. The third fatality was a civilian, an assistant engineer with Tamil Nadu Housing Board Unit who had decided to escort the body after it was brought to the Coimbatore Airport on Wednesday afternoon. He was the deceased jawan's relative and boarded the army truck along with his wife, Selvi who was also injured in the mishap.At least 14 people were travelling inside the vehicle including seven army personnel and relatives of the deceased army man. The mishap occurred after the driver of the truck lost control when he suddenly applied his brakes to avoid ramming into a two wheeler rider coming from the opposite direction near Muthiyor Illam. The vehicle overturned, crushing the people who were seated at the back along with the coffin.According to police, Saravanan, an army Subedar serving in Meghalaya died while undergoing medical treatment at a hospital there on August 6. The army personnel who were killed in today's accident were identified as P Sivakumar Reddy (22) from Andhra Pradesh and S Prakash (22) from Karnataka stationed as junior commissioned officers at wellington cantonment in Nilgiris district. The deceased civilian has been identified as O Palanisamy (45), a resident of Brindavan Nagar near Peelamedu.The injured were rushed to Mettupalayam government hospital. All of them were out of danger and are recovering said hospital authorities. \"A team of army officials have arrived from Wellington and are working with the local policemen at the hospital,\" said ES Uma, SP, Coimbatore District.Saravanan's body was brought to Coimbatore airport at around 1 pm. His body was transferred to an army truck outside the airport which was on its way to Coonor in when the accident happened.\"It seems the vehicle was speeding when the driver lost control. It was raining and the road surface was wet which could have resulted in the vehicle skidding from the road,\" said R Ramasamy, head constable, Sirumugai police station.Traffic was not affected on the busy stretch after the mishap since the vehicle overturned away from the road. The driver of the truck identified as Kalidasan managed to escape with minor injuries. Sirumugai police have registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15413289", "title": "CBI court grants bail to IAS Pradeep Shukla", "text": "LUCKNOW: The CBI court in Ghaziabad on Wednesday granted bail to senior IAS officer Pradeep Shukla on a surety of Rs 5 lakh. While granting the bail the court cited the investigating agency's inability to file a chargesheet against Shukla who is an accused in the Rs 5,000 crore National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) scam.Special CBI judge AK Singh, however, directed Shukla to submit his passport and inform the agency in case he goes out of the headquarters (Lucknow) for 24 hours and seek court's permission if goes out for more than 24 hours. The court also warned Shukla that bail would be cancelled if he was found influencing the witnesses against him.The CBI had arrested Shukla, a former NRHM mission director and principal secretary (family welfare), from Lucknow on May 10. Shukla, the 1981 IAS batch officer, was named in three FIRs lodged on January 19 this year in New Delhi.He was arrested for alleged criminal conspiracy among officials of the Department of Health and Family Welfare, UP government, officers of UP Processing &amp; Construction Cooperative Federation Ltd (PACCFED) and directors of three private firms based at Moradabad and Gajraula in UP.One of the FIRs refers to the contracts awarded to upgrade 89 district-level hospitals at an estimated cost of Rs 89 crore. The loss to the government exchequer is pegged at Rs 25 lakh per hospital, which works out to a total loss of Rs 22.25 crore. However, the CBI on the basis of payments made so far, has uncovered a loss of Rs 5.89 crore.According to CBI sources, Shukla allegedly roped in PACCFED for the hospital upgradation, which is said to have flouted norms in allotting the work.Apart from Shukla, others named in the FIR include PACCFED managing director VK Chaudhary, its chief engineer MM Tripathi, former director general (health and family welfare) SP Ram and director general (health and family welfare) RR Bharti. But CBI had only arrested Shukla and SP Ram.On Wednesday, the CBI moved a plea requesting the court to increase Shukla's judicial remand for another 14 days. The court, however, rejected the plea saying that since the CBI was filing for the extension of remand on the 90th day, it meant that the agency was not ready with the chargesheet against Shukla.The CBI judge said the high court had stayed filing of the chargesheet by the CBI. But, when the agency stated that the chargesheet was ready but could not be filed even when 90 days stipulated time to file chargesheet is nearing, the high court had vacated the stay. Even then the CBI could not file the chargesheet, Singh observed.The special judge asked the investigation officer about the status of the probe. The latter said it was underway. After hearing the IO's reply, the judge said there was no option but to grant bail to Shukla.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15413496", "title": "Bikini babes can ruin a couple\u2019s holiday", "text": "LONDON: Ladies, planning a vacation with your man? You might want to skip the beach full of bikini babes. According to a survey, most tiffs between couples on holidays are a combination of bikini clad women and a man's roving eye.A website which surveyed 1,000 Britons found that men ogling other women in their bikinis leads to most summer tiffs, followed by men wanting to do something active while women preferring to lounge in a deckchair beside the pool or beach, the Daily Mail reported.Where and what to eat is the next most common dispute, and one half of the couple feeling the other half is drinking too much alcohol comes after.An enormous 79% of couples admit to having at least two big arguments while away on a fortnight's break.Map reading and other driving rows are another source of discord abroad, while packing (him packing too little, her packing too much) also creates tensions , Latedeals.co.uk. said. Tiffs about women taking too long to get ready for dinner, spending too much money, getting to the airport on time and problems with currency also featured in the list of top ten holiday tiffs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "15412122", "title": "Manipur praises Mary's medal", "text": "IMPHAL: Though Mary Kom lost the semi-final bout against Nicola Adams of Great Britain, Manipuris are proud of her for winning the state's first Olympics medal - a bronze. The celebrations that took off in the state since Mary's quarterfinal win on Monday dimmed for a bit on Wednesday after she lost in the semifinals. But the disappointment was temporary as people lauded her for the bronze. \"We wanted her to enter the finals and win gold, but we are satisfied with the bronze. She fought very hard,\" said Ibotombi Singh, a shopkeeper.M Romen Singh, joint secretary of Manipur Olympics Association (MOA), one of the reasons for Mary's loss was the unfamiliar weight category. Earlier, Mary played in the 48kg category but since the flyweight category was upped to 51kg, she had to gain weight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15412089", "title": "Pune blasts: Cops look for eyewitnesses", "text": "PUNE: Investigators are struggling to trace eyewitnesses of the serial blasts on August 1 even after questioning around 1,100 people who were on Jangli Maharaj Road when the blasts took place.A team of investigators has been assigned the job to trace the mobile phone numbers of people who were present on Jangli Maharaj road between 7pm and 9pm on August 1. Investigating officials have so far traced around 1,100 cell phone numbers with the help of mobile tower locations.The officials questioned all these people to get possible clues about the persons who kept the bicycles with bombs. \"We have also recorded the statements of these people,\" said a senior officer from the crime branch.According to the officer, police have not come across any eye witnesses so far. \"Along with these people we have questioned almost all shop owners on J M road. We have also questioned vendors and those running food joints there,\" the officer said.Meanwhile, a team of the state anti-terrorism squad (ATS) on Wednesday examined all the six sites where bombs were placed.Besides investigations in the city, the ATS teams are also conducting searches in other cities in and outside the state.Sources in the ATS told TOI that a team of ATS officials was in Gujarat, while another team is investigating in Karnataka.Probe narrows down to 3 suspectsAmong the various leads, the state anti-terrorism squad (ATS) has zeroed down their investigations on three suspects wanted in the Aurangabad arms haul case in 2006. Two of the three suspects are from Beed, while the third is from Mumbai. ATS sources said the three were in contact with Quateel Siddiqui, who was murdered in the Yerawada prison on June 8. The trio also had connections with the 26/11 conspirator Sayed Zabiuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "9039228", "title": "Cover Story - The Ultimate Interview", "text": "CreditsWriter-Director: Laurens C Postma  Cast: Sheena S Nayyer, Jackie Shroff  Banner: Glorious Entertainment  Producer: Pappee Sangtani, Sunitha Ram, Laurens C Postma  Music: Shamir Tandon, Monty Sharma  Costume Design: Gopika Malkan  Editor: Yule Rohan Kurup  Cinematographer: Uday Tiwari  Production Design: Shekar More  Sound Design: Rishi Oberoi  Genre: Drama, Thriller  Release Date: October 26, 2012Synopsis'Cover Story' is based on the story of a successful Film actress played by Sheena. A concept driven movie, COVER STORY is about a special assignment for a magazine COVER STORY, a one night account of an interview with the filmstar and the scoop that the correspondent gets for the publication.COVER STORY is the first Hindi film to be directed by the Dutch director Laurence Postma, and is the official remake of the acclaimed Dutch film, INTERVIEW, of Theo Van Gogh , remade in Hollywood by veteran actor Steve Buscemi as INTERVIEW, starring himself along with Sienna Miller .COVER STORY takes place across an eventful night when a veteran journalist discovers there is more to the leading actress he is interviewing than meets the eye, and as the interview progresses, he finds himself drawn into the actress' intriguing world. As the Dictaphone keeps recording, the interview derails, the characters collide and tension rises to a feverish level. Is this intimate interview of the actress, almost a confession (which for a different kind of reporter would be a publicity breakthrough), for real, or is she a better actress than he thinks she is? And does the reporter, with his approach, go a bit too far? The confrontation evolves into a passionate duel, with one overriding question: who is going to win?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15413714", "title": "Wisconsin gurdwara suspect's ex-girl friend held, faces weapons charge", "text": "WASHINGTON: A former girlfriend of the slain suspect in Wisconsin gurdwara shooting has been arrested and faces charges of possession of illegal weapon.The 31-year-old Misty Cook, a waitress and nursing student with reported ties to white supremacist organizations, was arrested \"on the crime of felon in possession of a firearm\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15413335", "title": "Toll tax officer run over for Rs 3", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A dutiful toll tax collector, Mayur Prajapati, was run over by an angry luxury bus driver from Rajasthan late on Tuesday night. The incident took place at 10.15 pm near Ranasan toll plaza on the Ring Road. The toll tax collector died on the way to a hospital.According to an eyewitness, the gruesome incident took place when the driver fought with the toll tax officer over a paltry amount of Rs 3. The bus driver fled in his vehicle after the incident. A complaint against the driver has been registered at Naroda police station.The police complaint was registered by the victim's colleague - Narendrasinh Rathod, also a tax collector at Ranasan toll booth. Rathod told police that the bus reached the plaza at 10.15 pm. Prajapati asked for a toll of Rs 73 from the driver. While the bus driver gave him Rs 70, he said he did not have the remaining three rupees. Prajapati insisted, saying that since the receipt for a bus's tax is Rs 73 he would have to pay for it.As the argument heated up, the driver started the vehicle to leave. As Prajapati tried to climb into the bus to stop him, the conductor kicked him off the bus. Prajapati fell into the narrow space between the bus and the toll booth and before he could recover, the bus drove on, crushing him under its wheels.After the incident, Prajapati was alive for some time. His colleagues said their efforts to rush him to a nearby hospital in their vehicle went in vain. They were forced to wait for an ambulance, which arrived 15 minutes later. On way to hospital Prajapati breathed his last.The toll plaza workers were irked by the incident and went on a strike on Wednesday morning. Chief security officer of the toll plaza on the Ring Road, A R Patel said, \"The strike is on. We are negotiating with the officials. They want the victim's family to be compensated. We agree with this suggestion.\"Naroda police said, \"We have got the registration number of the bus from the toll plaza and have intimated our Rajasthan counterparts. We hope to arrest the driver soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15414426", "title": "Child abuse: 3 officials at Mehrauli home booked", "text": "NEW DELHI: Police have registered a case against three senior officials of a children's home in Mehrauli for \"illegally\" staying at the home and sexually abusing at least three boys. Child Welfare Committee had directed cops to file a case after a month-long investigation found a prime facie case of periodic sexual abuse at the home.\"We found that two men had sodomized two children , while a third child was sexually harassed. We will send the children for medical examination,'' said an officer.CWC has also ordered a second FIR to be lodged against the manager under Juvenile Justice Act for hiding facts even after he was informed about crimes by children at the home. The latest order, passed on August 1, says revoking of the provisional licence given to the institution by the department of women and children be considered.The CWC order is based on the statements given by the children to the cops in the presence of home officials . The ruling added that the explanation given by the institution is \"complete eyewash\" . Raaj Mangal Prasad, chairman of CWC, Lajpat Nagar, said the Mehrauli establishment was not a licensed home and the conditions there were not satisfactory. The home also did not provide details of the children, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15413479", "title": "Mystery of how giant stars formed cracked", "text": "LONDON: An Indian-origin scientist and his team claimed to have solved the puzzle of how giant stars, 300 times the size of the Sun were formed, laying the theory that they are the result of collisions of two stars into a single ultramassive star.Researchers from the Bonn University in Germany found that the four stars discovered by Nasa in 2010, part of the giant star cluster R136 in the Large Magellanic Cloud, which is about 160,000 light years from Earth, could be the size they are thanks to a few mergers and acquisitions, the Daily Mail said.Until the discovery of these objects in 2010, observations of the Milky Way and other galaxies suggested that the upper limit for stars formed in the present day universe was about 150 times the mass of the Sun. This value represented a universal limit and appeared to apply wherever stars formed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "singarayakonda (prakasam)", "code": "15411183", "title": "Minor boy chained in police station for a week", "text": "SINGARAYAKONDA (PRAKASAM): A 14-year-old boy was detained in a police station here by chaining him for nearly a week. Police did not let him off despite his parents visiting the station and pleading them. The issue came to light when some local youth protested over the continued detention of the minor boy.A class IX student of a government school, Ithadi Bhanuprakash was brought to the police station on Friday on the charges of stealing a two-wheeler. Bhanu was reportedly caught by the owner of the vehicle while the boy was roaming on the bike which he had stolen with a duplicate key. Although the boy confessed the crime, police kept him in illegal detention.In addition to telling him not to leave the station, the police chained him to see that he does not escape. Local SI Panduranga Rao reportedly told the parents that their son had been involved in several such vehicle thefts and he would not be released until he confessed.When contacted, SP K Raghurami Reddy said that he would take action against the cops if found guilty in the episode. \"I have already ordered an enquiry and action would follow soon after getting the report,\" the SP told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15411360", "title": "Infosys techie death case: Cops quiz Neelima's friend Prashant", "text": "HYDERABAD: Police investigating into the death of Infosys techie Neelima questioned her 21-year-old friend B Prashant on Wednesday. Prashant told them that he was just her friend and there was nothing more to their relationship, police said.Prashant, a former employee of Infosys, told the Raidurgam police that they had become friends while working in the US.\"I used to sit in the cubicle next to Neelima's and being Telugu-speaking people, we became good friends,\" he told police. After working for about a year with Infosys, he moved to Cognizant a month ago.In her emails to Prashant just before her death, Neelima referred to him as 'Pandu'.When police quizzed about this, he told them that Neelima used to call him by his pet name as they were friends.Neelima did not have a credit card and hence used his card sometimes to make purchases in the US, he told police.In one of the emails, sent to her husband before her death, Neelima purportedly mentioned about using Prashant's credit card and asked her husband to return certain amount which she owed him.Prashant also said that he and Neelima had taken the same flight to Hyderabad from the US on July 21.After reaching Hyderabad, Prashant left directly for Visakhapatnam and Neelima went to her house in Kukatpally.He told police that he had come to attend his sister's marriage.Prashant was in Mumbai on the day Neelima was found dead on Infosys campus, police said.Prashant informed police that he spoke with her thrice on phone on July 31, the day she was found dead on Infosys campus.In one of the conversations she sounded philosophic as she told him that \"we will meet in the next life.\"She called Prashant again at around 9.30 pm from Infosys campus and said that what she had said earlier was just a joke.When he asked her as to why she was at the office so late in the night, she told him that she had some official work.\"Neelima told him that her husband had dropped her at the office on bike,\" police said.Upon recording Prashant's statement, police said they would wait for the postmortem report before taking the next step in their investigation into the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15404019", "title": "Delhi goes filmi", "text": "I am one of the passionate lovers of film, off-screen,\" said Delhi CM Sheila Dikshit in her address during the closing ceremony of the 12th Osian's Cinefan Film Festival recently.Expressing her support for the effort to make Delhi a film hub, she stressed, \"Everything Delhi can offer you (filmwallahs), we are willing to help you get it.\" Neville Tuli's more passionate address was followed by the awards ceremony, featuring the best of Asian and Arab cinema in the festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15412844", "title": "Don't go near walls built by BBMP: High court", "text": "BANGALORE: Here's an advice from high court for Bangaloreans: \"Don't go near the walls built by BBMP. They may fall at any time.\"\"In one such unfortunate case, that girl (Sanjana) died. It is because they don't use cement... all sand and mud only. Even I have instructed my driver not to go on main road, avoiding the right side (Devanga Hostel Road) where the wall built by the corporation is there,\" Justice Ram Mohan Reddy observed.The judge made the observation while staying the construction of a ward office at Jakkasandra in a park area handed over to BBMP by BDA. \"If it is held that the corporation had no authority to put up construction of the building, then it has to make available the names, addresses and pay scales of all the officials who are involved in this construction,\" the judge observed while adjourning the hearing of a petition filed by the Teachers Colony Residents Association.\"These ward buildings (built by corporation) are used for smoking, then they turn urinals. We can't comprehend what other kind of uses it will be put to,\" the judge further observed.The petitioners complained that the site chosen for construction ward office building is a park and the civic authority has no authority to put such construction without any notification.Notice to stateA division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen on Thursday ordered notice to state government on a PIL seeking action against Kalladka Prabhakar Bhatta, a senior RSS leader for his alleged inflammatory speeches in the Hindu Samajotsava programme at Uppinangadi on January 22.The petition filed by Suresh Batt Bakra Bail of Dakshina Kannada unit of Komu Souharda Vedike of DK claims that the state police have not investigated the case even though an FIR was registered.Nityananda case stay extendedJustice V Jagannathan on Tuesday extended till August 22 the interim stay regarding the June 18 order passed by a Ramanagaram court for conducting various tests on Swami Nityananda, including a test to establish whether he is capable of indulging in sexual intercourse.Nityananda has claimed that the order passed by the trial court was unnecessary saying that the alleged incidents in the complaint date back to 2005-07. The Ramanagarm court had also ordered to take voice sample of Nityananda.EWS quarters issueA division bench headed Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen has asked all the parties concerned to hold a meeting to solve the differences over the construction of 1,500 odd EWS quarters near Koramnagala National Village. The said meeting will take place at the BBMP commissioner's office.Acquisition stayedJustice Ashok B Hinchigeri on Wednesday quashed the acquisition of two acres of land at Doddakallasandra for JP Nagar IX Stage Layout by the BDA. LR Kamath has filed a petition stating that though there was acquisition, the BDA failed to implement the project and the land continues to be in his possession.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "15411395", "title": "Tall and short of a perfect love story", "text": "THANE: This is about taking love to new heights. On August 31, Ameena Ahmed Shaikh (20) will get married to Arif Ibrahim Tambe (32). What's unusual about their union is that while the girl is a \"normal\" 5 ft tall, her groom is almost 3 ft shorter than her.The match, asserts Shaikh, is neither out of compassion or is a forced arrangement. Instead, it is a conscious decision taken by a love-struck Shaikh, who first saw Tambe at his shop in a Thane market.\"Four months ago, I had gone to his shop to get some songs copied onto my mobile's memory card. I was bowled over at first sight. Tambe was busy with his work and didn't give me a second glance. I had heard of him from my brother-in-law who would often escort him in an autorickshaw. I decided to marry him then and there,\" Shaikh, a Govandi resident, said shyly.The nikaah will be solemnized at a masjid here, followed by jashn with friends and relatives. As D-day approaches, the couple is drawing up last-minute plans and is also busy shopping for a glitzy sharara and a tailored sherwani.Taki Choulkar, Tambe's friend who is supervising the arrangements, insists on making it a grand ceremony. \"Both the families wanted to have a simple nikaah at the masjid. I, however, insisted that this was no small occasion and booked a marriage hall for a feast. We are really happy for Tambe and truly respect the girl for her decision,\" he said.Tambe, who is about the size of a three-year-old with short hands and legs and a prominent forehead, owns a shop in the market. While he is mainly into online railway ticket booking, Tambe is also said to be good with cellphones and memory cards. He is the older of two brothers in his family. \"I am confident that he will take good care of me. He is self-employed and earns for himself and his family, which makes him very special,\" Shaikh told TOI.\"When I first heard about the match, I was stunned. Then, Tambe got her to my place and said I should talk to her while he would wait outside. I told her that marriage was no child's play and that he had to be cradled everywhere. His mother bathes him and he needs help with clothing and everything else. But she told me that she was aware of these things and would willingly marry Tambe,\" said the friend.For the girl's family, the announcement came as a pleasant surprise. \"They were initially shocked, but I assured them that he would be the right choice. As my brother-in-law knows the Tambe family, he initiated the talks,\" the bride-to-be said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15412040", "title": "Preet Mandir trustees' discharge plea rejected", "text": "PUNE: The court of special judge D R Mahajan on Wednesday rejected the discharge plea of Mahinder Bhasin and her son Gurpreet Singh Bhasin, both trustees of city orphanage Preet Mandir in a case related to the illegal adoption of children.The CBI had filed a chargesheet against Joginder Singh Bhasin, managing trustee of Preet Mandir, his wife Mahinder, son Gurpreet, Vasudev Gangadhar Darshane, superintendent of the Navrange Balak Ashram, Pandharpur, Chandrashekhar Admane, social worker at Preet Mandir and J K Mittal, former chairman of the Central Adoption Resource Agency ( CARA), New Delhi for entering into a criminal conspiracy to kidnap poor children and give them up for adoption.According to the chargesheet, Bhasin was involved in the illegal trafficking of children and for this purpose had opened the rehabilitation centre Sai Dham at Kanhe Phata near Pune in 2004. The CBI also said that the Bhasins had misappropriated funds for their personal use from 2002 to 2007 for travel and stay in five-star hotels.Highlighting one instance of alleged fraudulent adoption, the chargesheet said that Bhasin, Darshane and Admane had kidnapped and illegally confined four minor children of one Ramesh Dattatraya Kulkarni. The chargesheet accused them for preparing fabricated documents before giving up the children for an inter-country adoption.Bhasin's lawyer, S K Jain, pleaded that his clients be discharged from the case as there was no evidence that they were involved in adoption activities and had misappropriated funds. Quoting section 403 of the In-dian Penal Code, Jain argued that the CBI had not filed the chargesheet within two years. Opposing the discharge plea, CBI special public prosecutor Manoj Chaladan argued that there was sufficient evidence against the Bhasins to face trial in the case.The chargesheet was filed under sections 120 (b) (criminal conspiracy) read with 363 (kidnapping ), 383 (extortion), 403 (dishonest misappropriation of property), 405 (criminal breach of trust), 420 (cheating), 467 (forgery of valuable security), 468 (forgery for purpose of cheating) and 471 (using forged document as genuine) of the IPC and 13 (2) read with 13 (1) (criminal misconduct by a public servant) of the Prevention of Corruption Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "bangalore ", "code": "15412745", "title": "Newly-wed woman sets herself afire", "text": "BANGALORE :A 24-year-old newly married woman committed suicide by setting herself ablaze in her Bommasandra residence on Wednesday.Sowmya was married to Thimmaiah, a private company employee, only two months back. A resident of Sampangirama Nagar, Sowyma moved into her husband Bommasandra residence and remained a homemaker.Police said Sowmya was alone in her first floor residence when she poured kerosene on herself and set herself afire around 12.30 am. The incident came to light an hour later when the landowner noticed smell fio burnt skin emanating from her house.Sowmya has left behind no suicide note. Sarjapura police have booked a case of suicide.They did not rule out Sowmya's death being a case of dowry harassment. A case of dowry harassment would be booked against the husband only if the dead woman's parents make such an allegation, they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "cairo", "code": "15413676", "title": "Egypt raids Sinai, kills 20 jihadis", "text": "CAIRO: For the first time since the Yom Kippur war of 1973, Egyptian military helicopter gunships on Wednesday crossed into the Sinai, firing missiles to kill 20 militants in raids that signal Cairo's decisive confrontation to wipe out jihadists suspected to be massed there. The military said it deployed Apache helicopter gunships in the strikes that killed 20 terrorists in the Sinai village of Tumah, the state-run MENA news agency reported.Man pleads guilty in SA honeymoon killing: One of two South African men accused of being hired by a British newlywed to kill his Swedish bride, Anni Dewani, pleaded guilty Wednesday to his involvement in the slaying, receiving a 25-year prison sentence after promising to cooperate with prosecutors, officials said.Aftershave bottle triggers grenade scare at UK airport: Close shave! A bomb scare was sparked at a UK airport after security staff mistook an aftershave bottle in the luggage of a passenger for a hand grenade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15411834", "title": "Rules relaxed for flood management schemes", "text": "PATNA: As an instance of the pragmatic policy of the Nitish Kumar government towards the Centre paying off to the state, the Centre has relaxed the existing guidelines regarding the approval to be given to major schemes having a bearing on flood management programme (FMP) of the state' water resources department (WRD).As it is, the Planning Commission has enhanced the limit for the approval of schemes falling under FMP - the approval done at the level of both the state government and Patna office of Ganga Flood Control Commission (GFCC), said a WRD official.As per the commission's 2003 circular, the state government was empowered to approve a scheme after technical sanction only up to the limit of Rs7.50 crore, while the approval limit for Patna office of the GFCC after technical appraisal of the scheme concerned was Rs 15 crore. The revised guidelines issued by the commission say the state government would now be in a position to approve schemes up to Rs 12.50 crore, and the Patna office of GFCC, similarly, has been empowered to give approval to schemes up to Rs 25 crore.The expenditure incurred on the schemes taken up under FMP warrant that the Centre share 75% of the expenditure involved and the state government 25%. In the past, any FMP scheme of the state government worth more than Rs 7.50 crore required technical sanction and approval by the Union ministry of water resources (MWR). Similarly, any scheme of more than Rs 15 crore would be sent to the Delhi office of GFCC for technical appraisal and approval.\"Enhancement of the approval limit is a big advantage for the state government. In the changed situation, giving clearance to the schemes at the state government level and Patna office of GFCC would become faster, and their implementation would also be timely,\" said a WRD source.CM Nitish Kumar, WRD minister Vijay Kumar Choudhary and WRD principal secretary Afzal Amanullah, in their collective meetings with the minister and officials of the MWR, had been demanding to simplify the guidelines and relax the rules for the enhancement of the limit for approval to the schemes. However, discussion on the issues involved at the meeting of the CM and Choudhary with Union MWR minister Pawan Kumar Bansal here on May 12 clinched the issue for the state government, it is learnt.\"The simplification of the guidelines for approval to the schemes has not yet been done. It is still pending. Only our demand regarding enhancement of the approval limit has been met,\" the WRD source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15410835", "title": "Trade unions seek revision of minimum wages", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Trade unions have requested chief minister Naveen Patnaik to declare the revised minimum wage in the state soon. These trade unions are INTUC, AITUC, CITU, Bharat Mazdoor Sabha (BMS) and Hind Mazdoor Sabha (HMS) stated that the government is yet to declare revision of minimum wage even though more than one month has passed since the labour department submitted its final proposal to the finance and law departments.The final proposal came from labour and ESI department after it invited suggestions, objections from public and labour organizations on department's wage hike suggestion. Earlier, the labour department in a notification on April 20 had proposed a hike in minimum wage for unskilled workers from Rs 90 to Rs 125 and for semi-skilled workers from Rs 103 to Rs 145 a day. So also the minimum wages for skilled and highly skilled labourers were increased from Rs 116 to Rs 165 and Rs 129 to Rs 180 respectively.Different trade unions had protested this hike proposal and suggested the government for its revision according to the recommendations of the state-level minimum wage advisory committee. The trade unions in their fresh memorandum submitted to the government requested that the government takes a serious note over this hike proposal and declare it at the earliest.Official sources said the wage hike proposal is now lying with the chief minister. The trade union leaders also submitted a copy of this memorandum to labour and ESI minister Bijoyshree Routray and requested him to take up the matter seriously. Routray while discussing this matter with trade union leaders assured that he would take up the matter with the CM.The trade union leaders who discussed with the minister include Sauribandhu Kar, Dutikrushna Panda, Lambodar Nayak, Jogendra Tripathy, NK Mohanty, B Sahoo and KC Patra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15411003", "title": "Man tries to barge into prison", "text": "HYDERABAD: We have heard of prisoners trying to escape from prisons. But on Wednesday, it was the opposite which gave some tense moments to the Chanchalguda jail officials.A man, said to be an ex-convict, tried to barge into the jail when its gates were opened to allow a vehicle to go out. The man managed to get past the main gate but the jail staff, who did not expect an intrusion, apprehended him and pushed him out.Due to the construction work going on inside the jail, the gate was opened for a few seconds to permit a tractor to go out. The man, who appeared drunk, barged into the prison at this time and refused to leave. When the police managed to push him out, the man started dancing on the road.Just when the jail staff thought they could relax, the man once again ran right into the 'mulaqat' room. Only families of the inmates are allowed in the room to meet the inmates through the mesh partition. The intruder managed to run into the room but was also pushed out from there. Later, a rakshak vehicle of the police took him away.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15415055", "title": "One killed as crane falls at city Metro Rail site", "text": "CHENNAI: A Metro Rail worker died and six others were injured when the boom of a crane snapped and came crashing down on them in front of Pachaiyappa's College on Poonamallee High Road on Wednesday.A Metro Rail spokesman said the accident happened around 8pm when workers were involved in the construction of a diaphragm wall for a tunnel at the proposed Pachaiyappa's underground station. \"A crane was hoisting metal reinforcements , weighing 25 tonnes when its boom broke,\" said S Krishnamoorthy , Metro Rail chief general manager, public relations.Sindhu, who was in his twenties and was working near the crane, was tossed into the 20 metre-deep trench. He died on the spot.Sonelal, a worker from West Bengal, said he was lucky to have escaped. \"I was thrown off the ground in the impact. I fell on a metal girder and injured my leg,\" he said.Abdul Ahmed, 24, also from West Bengal, said: \"I was standing near the trench when the crane was moving something. I heard a cracking noise, and a part of the crane fell near me. I shouted and ran out.\" Ahmed, who suffered minor injuries, was given first-aid at the Government General Hospital . The other injured workers were identified as Immanuel, Ravindra, Jamal and Ajay Singh.This is the second accident at a Metro Rail construction site. On July 27, a mould carrying wet concrete at a site in Vadapalani crashed, but nobody was injured.Police disallowed to enter work siteAll the injured were workers , said an official . \"The work site has a clinic inside . We do not have an ambulance stationed inside because we have Kilpauk hospital nearby ,\" the official said .The metro rail safety wing cordoned off the site immediately and started rescue operations . Fire and rescue service personnel reached the site. But, police were not allowed to enter the barricaded work site. When press photographers climbed on the median to click, someone switched off the flood lights . Haneef's body was moved into an ambulance and taken away .Five ambulances shifted the injured workers to the Government General Hospital one after another at 10pm. One person was taken to Kilpauk Medical College . Doctors said most of the workers were injured in the limbs ,indicating that their condition was not critical .CM J Jayalalithaa has announced a compensation of 1 lakh to the kin of the dead and 25,000 for the injured .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15413015", "title": "Fun autowallas race from Mumbai to Chennai", "text": "BANGALORE: Through the monsoon-soaked terrain from Mumbai to Bangalore, Little Miss Rickshaws comprising Pia Brasher, Alisha Hughes and Ruth Brown are getting plenty attention. \"We're elated to be part of the 6th Annual Mumbai Xpress Autorickshaw Challenge from Mumbai to Chennai with a stopover in Bangalore today. We're riding through villages and towns and have been receiving a lot of attention because people see three women driving a pink auto,\" says Pia, who teaches in Dubai along with Alisha and Ruth.Little Miss Rickshaws are rocking the challenge for another reason too - they are in the lead with Team Shanti, Thermo's India Express, Valle Kulla, Team Sunshine and Hit The Road India following suit.\"We're looking forward to our new challenge in Bangalore today - we've got to give our rickshaw a makeover, Indian style,\" beams Pia.Erik Jentges from Thermo's India Express team too, is elated about the stopover in Bangalore. \"One of the team members has a connection with a club in Bangalore and we're all looking forward to some Bollywood dancing there before we ride on to finish the race in Chennai. So far, we've ridden through monsoon rain and had a great journey through the Nilgiri mountains,\" says the university teacher from Switzerland .While Erik and his teammate Thomas Kuhnelt from Germany have been last once, first once and in the middle of this race a few times, their main driving force is the opportunity to ride in India and visit lesser-privileged people along the way. \"We've ridden through colourful towns and met diverse people, even some who don't have a lot of things, but they've all been very friendly and helpful,\" he says.Teams in city todayKeeping with the spirit of the race, all six teams are visiting The Round Table School, Roopana Agrahara, off Hosur Road, in Bangalore today. \"We partner with the CMS group in Chennai every year to host this challenge. Along their journey, participants who come from all walks of life visit Round Table Schools to raise money for charity and also contribute whatever they can,\" says Nikhil Bagri, fund-raising convener, Bangalore Round Table 44.As these gallant autorickshaw challengers ride on, Armenian filmmaker Gor Baghdasaryan is travelling with team Hit The Road comprising Richard Gazarian and Keith King from USA and Canada , making a film of their journey. \"It's turning out to be very exciting for nothing is going as per their plan. Their auto has been breaking down, they've been stuck on the road many times, their engine has been replaced once and they've been last always, except once!\" beams Gor.Hit The Road promises to be a blockbuster with the colours of India, spanning 1919 km of life and otherwise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15414639", "title": "Dummy IED checks police alertness", "text": "CHANDIGARH: To check alertness of Chandigarh police, a dummy IED (improvised explosive device) was placed in Sector 15 rehri market (Patel market) on Wednesday.A man saw the device and called up the police control room. On getting information, police acted quickly and bomb squad, operation cell, anti-sabotage team and area station house officer reached the spot.\"Whole area was cordoned off and IED was also checked by EVD equipment provided to VIP security which confirmed that it was not a bomb but a dummy IED,\" said a police official.The operation was carried out under the direct supervision of SP (city) Deshraj Singh and he observed that the Chandigarh police are fully alert and conscious about any bomb call and all precautions were taken during the operation. Also equipment of detecting IEDs and explosive were found reliable and working as per satisfaction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "kokrajhar", "code": "15412004", "title": "BPPF blames ABSS for clashes", "text": "KOKRAJHAR: The Bodoland People's Progressive Front (BPPF) on Wednesday slammed the Ana Boro Suraksha Samity (ABSS) for fomenting communal violence in the BTC and warned ABSS to desist from its \"ugly motives and communal design\" in future.BPPF president Rabiram Narzary said the demand for scrapping of the BTC Accord has disappointed the Bodos. He said if the BTC administration failed to deliver equal development and justice then the ruling government is to be blamed and not the accord.The BPPF is the opposition party in the BTC and a rival to the ruling Bodoland People's Front (BPF). \"ABSS has been demanding the scrapping of the Bodo Accord and attacking the Bodo community in particular,\" he said, adding that they can demand dissolution of the ruling government but not the accord.Narzary alleged that ABSS was the main force behind the Bodo-Muslim clashes as they designed the violence. He also said some Muslim vested elements and student organizations were incited by the ABSS against Bodoland and Bodos, as a result of which, innocent Bodos and Muslims were forced to bear the brunt of violence. He said the samity should stop instigating the people to fight each other and should try to ensure peace and harmony in the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15413203", "title": "BS Yeddyurappa takes on Advani over harsh blog", "text": "BANGALORE: Former CM BS Yeddyurappa has taken exception to BJP patriarch LK Advani's negative comments about the affairs of the party in Karnataka.In a letter to Advani on August 6, Yeddyurappa expressed his dismay and stated that the veteran leader's statement on a blog on August 5 would hurt the party's prospects in the next elections. The former CM categorically stated that his comments would puncture the confidence of party workers, besides giving opposition parties an opportunity to take undue advantage. Yeddyurappa stated that the party's image hadn't been dented and if needed, he (Advani) can get it certified by a survey.The former CM expressed displeasure about Advani's behaviour towards him and the manner in which he was forced to resign. Aware of Advani's animosity for him, the former CM offered to meet him in person and talk about his contribution, including the decision to ban the export of iron ore and the continuous victories the party enjoyed in bypolls and local bodies.Yeddyurappa also has a suggestion for the top BJP leader: \"Hope you don't say such things in future and instead, say things which boost the morale of the party workers and strengthen the party.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15416399", "title": "Financials, FMCG favourite among investors now", "text": "MUMBAI: Every once in a few years, in every market, one or two sectors turn out to be favourites among investors. In India, over the last 20 years, four different sectors have topped the popularity chart on Dalal Street.The best way to find out the rise and fall in popularity of a sector is to compare the weight of each sector in leading indices, a recent report by foreign broking major Morgan Stanley noted. It was the material stocks in the mid-90S which were top of investors' buying list, which was followed by consumer staples. Then came the time for the IT sector, which was followed by the energy sector that was led by Reliance Industries. Currently, the financial sector stocks are leading the table, although consumer staples are the close seconds.\"As sectors get popular, the stocks in the sector get bigger and expand weight in the index. Invariably, more stocks from the sector gain an index entry, making the sector weight swell further. The sector weight then hits a peak and follows a predictable decline,\" the report noted. \"The sector weight rises as the street raises long-term growth forecasts. Ultimately, prices (read valuations) rise to a level that overestimates future growth leading to what is usually a dramatic drop in the weight of the sector,\" it noted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15411140", "title": "Rash youths cause 3 mishaps; 1 killed, 6 hurt", "text": "NAGPUR: Despite city police's efforts to crack down on young traffic violators, accidents caused by youngsters' rash driving continue to take place on city roads. On Tuesday, a woman was killed and six persons were injured in three separate incidents, all involving youths.However, in all three cases, police are yet to check the licence, documents and other details about the accused.In first incident, a pedestrian Anu Pali (43) lost her life when a 24-year-old biker, Rajesh Tandulkar, hit her while she was crossing the road between Medical Square to Jattatrodi Square on Tuesday evening.Pali had come with her husband to meet a doctor for her regular check-up. Police said that her husband Kanhaiyya was busy parking the scooter on the either side of the road and Anu walked towards the clinic.In the incident, Tandulkar and his friend riding pillion also sustained serious injuries. Police said that Tandulkar was at high speed and hence failed to control the vehicle after hitting Pali. Both the riders, who were without helmet, are undergoing treatment at a private hospital. Police registered an offence against Tandulkar but he was not arrested till late Wednesday night.Police said that they have seized the vehicle but no documents were found in it. \"We are yet to check whether Tandulkar was carrying a licence or not,\" said police.In another incident, an 18-year-old youth Pawan Ingle dashed his rashly-driven bike against to another biker Vinod Ijafe (30). Ingle, a friend who was riding pillion and Ijafe were injured in the mishap that took place near Hanuman Nagar around 5pm.Ironically, it is Ijafe who is seriously injured while Ingle and his friend are stated to be out of danger. However, doctors have declared them unfit to give statement to the police. Hence, a case has been registered but no arrest was made. Police are yet to check the papers, licence and other details about Ingle.The third incident took place on a traffic signal near Alankar theatre in which 41-year-old Shridhar More suffered a fracture on his leg when a speeding car drove over his foot.Narendra Nagar resident More, in his police complaint, stated that he was on his scooter, waiting for the signal to turn green when the car driver drove the car over his foot causing fracture.The passers-by noted down the car number but Sitabuldi police, who have registered a case, claimed that they are yet to find out the accused driver. Passersby claimed the driver of the car may be between 20 and 25 years of age.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15413773", "title": "College bus turns turtle, 15 injured", "text": "INDORE: At least 15 students sustained injuries when their college bus turned turtle in Palasia area here on Wednesday afternoon.The students were rushed to Bombay hospital for treatment. Condition of three students -- Neeraj, Rupam and Pratibha -- is still critical while others have been discharged from hospital after primary treatment.Police said Sanjay Patidar, Shailendra Sisodia, Pratibha, Rupam, Rupesh, Sher Ali (conductor of the bus), Wasim (driver of the bus), Pankaj, Noopur and others were admitted to the hospital and released after primary treatment.The bus (MP09 1125) of Malwa Institute of Technology with 40 students of third year of graduate course and two faculty members, was returning to the college from Khandwa Road after an industrial visit when the incident took place.An injured student said that the bus driver was trying to overtake a truck and lost his control after which the bus turned turtle.Local people who saw the bus rushed for help and also informed police. Police reached the spot and rushed the injured to the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15412212", "title": "UPA coordination panel meets for first time", "text": "NEW DELHI: A decision on the Congress choice of P J Kurien for deputy chairperson of Rajya Sabha had to be deferred after UPA allies sought more time to consider the candidature on Wednesday.At the first meeting of UPA's coordination committee, NCP chief Sharad Pawar said the issue of the key Rajya Sabha post had to be discussed in detail and could be taken up later. Congress is keen to nominate Kurien as deputy chair in the upper House, after having clinched the post of vice-president who chairs Rajya Sabha.The coordination committee came about last month as a result of tension between NCP and Congress, after the Maharashtra party threw a fit over being sidelined in the running of the Union government and demanded better share in decision-making.The NCP duo of Pawar and Praful Patel boycotted Cabinet meetings to convey their anger, forcing the Congress leadership to agree to the coordination mechanism to make running of UPA \"inclusive\".According to sources, at the first meeting, Pawar tried to ensure that the coordination committee was not a post-office but became a critical consultative body for UPA decisions.Stressing that the committee meet regularly, Pawar demanded that all major decisions of UPA be thrashed out at this forum so that a larger consensus was evolved among allies and the eventual policies were better implemented.Sources said the committee would meet on the first Friday of every month and any member seeking to raise an issue would have to convey them to Ahmed Patel, political secretary to Congress chief Sonia Gandhi, so that it could be put on the agenda of the meeting.Barring Trinamool Congress, all UPA allies like RLD, IUML, DMK and NCP were present at the meeting held at the PM's residence. Trinamool MP Derek O'Brien conveyed to the Congress leadership that party chief Mamata Banerjee was busy with an important engagement and would attend the next meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15413219", "title": "Citizens speak up for palace", "text": "AHMEDABAD: With the wanton defacing of Shah Jahan's 390-year-old Moti Shahi Palace continuing at Shahibaug, Amdavadis have expressed disgust at the insensitive attitude towards the palace. Not only have these concerned people demanded that all illegal construction be stopped immediately, but have also want the government to step in to save the building.\"I feel sad for the Moti Shahi palace today. The construction work should be stopped immediately. The museum does not respect the architecture of the building. The beautiful spaces in the inside, the gardens, the jharokas need to be revived. Why can't they have a separate building on the same premises for Sardar's museum? The construction work is incongruent with what the building originally was,\" says city-based artist Amit Ambalal.Developer Pawan Bakeri adds, \"I consider the caretakers of the Moti Shahi palace to be insensitive to our past. Go anywhere in Europe and people take pride in their heritage. This destruction should be stopped immediately.\"Umang Hutheesing, founder of Hutheesing Heritage Foundation says, \"James Douglas the famous historian claimed that it was in Ahmedabad that Shah Jahan refined his taste in architecture and art. The city is his inspiration and the Moti Shahi palace is one of his first creations. Douglas had written 'Everything has a beginning, Greece before Rome, Damacus before Cairo, Agra follows Ahmedabad', How then can this city allow Shah Jahan's inspiration to be wiped off the face of the city.\"He adds, \"Each generation is a custodian of its heritage. They have the right to preserve it or improve it, but certainly do not have the right to destroy it,\" says Hutheesing.Writer Esther David says, \"What they have done to the palace is horrible. They should have consulted a conservation architect before undertaking the project. There are a number of ways in which heritage buildings around the world are being used in an adaptive manner.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15414396", "title": "Only commerce college bursting at seams", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Instead of being greeted with brand new premises at the onset of new academic session, in an awkward situation for Government College of Commerce and Business Administration, the only commerce college in the city, over 570 students are forced to adjust in the overstuffed donated premises in Sector 42.Incessant delay in construction of the new building at Sector 50 has prolonged the wait of these students enrolled in BBA and BCom courses.From mere 50 students when the college started in 2006 to now 570 students in 2012, brightest students from various schools within and outside UT have been enrolled for the two most popular courses in this college -- BBA and B.Com. However, there is no scope for further expansion in the college with its existing infrastructure.To add to the woes of students and college staff, the new building is being brought up in a depression, a low-lying area near Colony No. 5, causing severe water accumulation and obvious hurdles in its construction.\"UT has enough funds to come up with a new building for the college and it will be constructed shortly. All past hurdles in the project have been removed,\" says Ajoy Sharma, Director Higher Education, UT administration.Currently, only one third of the total building is being constructed in first phase.\"We have no directions for shifting in the new premises from the UT administration and the construction is still at the nascent stage,\" says Manjit Brar, principal of the college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15413258", "title": "People of coastal Karnataka gear up for Janmashtami", "text": "MANGALORE: For people in coastal Karnataka, Sri Krishna Janmashtami is not a mere festival of the birth of Lord Krishna, but a festival to share joy with lots of fun and entertainment. Janmashtami for Mangaloreans is incomplete without Mosaru Kudike and Hulivesha. Mosaru Kudike, is a festival similar to 'Dahi Handi' celebrated in Maharashtra and other parts of North India.Every street in the city will be geared up to make the festival more ritualistic and also entertaining. While a section of the Hindu community with North Indian base celebrates Janmashtami on Thursday or Friday, majority of the people, who follow Tuluva Panchanga in the coast, celebrate it on September 8.Kalkura Prathishtana president Pradeep Kumar Kalkura told TOI: \"Here we follow the Souramana (solar) calendar of Taulava tradition. Accordingly, the Janmashtami will be celebrated in the region on September 8 and Vittla Pindi, another festival attached to the Ashtami on September 9. Most outsiders who are settled here follow the Chandramana (lunar) calendar and celebrate Ashtami on Thursday,\" he said.International Society for Krishna Consciousness (Iskcon) and few other organizations celebrate Janmashtami and Mosaru Kudike this month. Sri Raghavendra Mithra Mandali will celebrate its 40th annual Mosaru Kudike festival here on August 9.Krishna Consciousness Movement on Coconut Garden Road, Kadri Tollgate, here will celebrate Krishna Janmashtami at the Dr TMA Pai Convention Centre on Friday. The celebrations will start at 6pm and will last until 12 midnight.The programme will comprise various poojas and aratis, abhisheka, jhulan utsav and discourse. The celebrations will end with maha mangalarti. Prasadam will be served to all the visitors.Meanwhile, the Arya Samaj Road branch of Iskcon is organizing Sri Krishna Janmashtami at Devadiga Samaj Bhavan, Mannagudda, on Friday.The programme includes darshan, arati, alankar pooja, rajbogh arati, sandhya arati, yoga, maha abhisheka of Sri Krishna-Balarama and discourse on the appearance of Lord Krishna. It will end with maha mangala arati with sankirtana at midnight.In UdupiUdupi Sri Krishna Mutt will celebrate a symbolic Chandra Manareethya Krishnashtami on August 9. Paryaya seer Sri Vishwa Vallabha Theertha Swamiji of Paryaya Sode Vadiraj Mutt will perform special pooja to Lord Krishna, the presiding deity of the temple and offer 'arghya'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15412112", "title": "A year later, anger simmers among Maval villagers", "text": "PUNE: Resentment and anguish run deep among the residents of several villages in Maval taluka as the state government has done little to abandon the Pavana pipeline project.Last year on August 9, three persons (two men and a woman) were killed and 12 others injured in the police firing near Baur village on the Pune-Mumbai expressway. The dead include Moreshwar Sathe of Shivne village, Sham Tupe of Sadavali village and Kantabai Thakar of Yelshi village.Farmers, in response to a call by various organizations and political parties, had gathered near Baur to protest against the Pavana pipeline project which would lead to acquisition of their land and reduce water supply to their fields.Thursday will mark the first year of the agitation and villagers have organized a condolence meeting in Pavananagar near the dam. Pune Rural Police have issued prohibitory orders in Maval taluka along the expressway.However, the villagers have not forgotten the firing and the tragedy. Land acquisition and water for agriculture have put the people against the Pavana pipeline project. As one approaches Pavananagar, about 60 km from Pune, flex boards announce the condolence meeting at the local hall. The boards with photographs of all three victims says vyarth na ho balidan'', (their sacrifice should not be in vain).Villagers will observe silence for two minutes at 12.40 pm. The firing cannot be forgetten at all. It has had a deep impact on the people here,\" said Kisan Thakar of Yelshi village. A potholed road leads to this village with a population of 300 where most people have Thakar as their surname.In the small two-room, tin-roof house of deceased Kantabai Thakar, her daughter-in-law Jyoti is alone. Her husband and father-in-law Ankush Thakar have gone to the fields. Pointing to a garlanded photograph of Kantabai, Jyoti says, \"We performed the first death anniversary rites recently.\"She said her father-in-law has not been keeping good health since the firing. I still go to work every morning in the fields. We will not part with our land. We are firm. Most farming activities in Maval taluka are dependent on the Pavana river's water. We will have problems to cultivate our fields if the Pavana pipeline project comes up,\" Ankush said.His son Nitin said many people have visited the victims. \"We have been given several assurances. Nothing has materialized. There was a proposal to provide jobs to at least one member of the family of the deceased on compassionate grounds at the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation. Civic officials say a proposal has been sent to the state government,\" he added.The pipeline project strikes a sour note every time it is mentioned. Planned by Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation, the 35-km pipeline would lift water directly from the Pavana dam's reservoir to the water filtration plant in Nigdi.Farmers are against acquisition of their land for laying the pipeline which runs through various villages in Maval taluka. They also fear that once the pipeline project is completed, there would no water available for agriculture and drinking in all the villages along the river.The firing caused uproar in the state, sparking debates over acquisition of land from farmers and poor land owners for development projects in the country. Various political leaders visited the villages immediately after the incident, including Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi.Meanwhile, people like Ganesh Thakar, a resident of one of the affected villages, had planned to visit Baur on Thursday. However, the police have denied permission. \"People have lost their lands, first when the dam was being built and for various industries and the expressway project. Now, with the pipeline project people here will lose more land. We will not allow this,\" he said.Many villagers said they were reeling under delayed and scanty rains, this year. \"The agricultural pumps cannot draw sufficient water because the river does not have enough this year. The Pavana river, at this time of the year, is almost flooded. Once the pipeline project is completed, we will have a similar situation when less water will be released. It will affect hundreds of villagers badly,\" Thakar said.Victim was not among protesterVishal Rohidas Raut is a 17-year-old youth among those injured in the Maval firing. He was not among the agitators, but he suffered a small injury when a bullet grazed his right shoulder. \"My village Rautwadi is close to the expressway. Last year, I was returning home after tuitions when I saw a crowd. I had gone to see the protests when the firing incident took place. While running away, a bullet grazed my shoulder. Initially, I did not feel any pain. But when blood began gushing out, I was taken to hospital,\" he said. Sitting in his class at Pavana Vidya Mandir junior college, the standard XI student, said various police cases have been lodged against him though he was not among the agitators.Bullet disabled him", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15415825", "title": "Taurani declares war on KLPD maker", "text": "The dispute between Tips head honcho Kumar Taurani and debutant producer Amit Chandrra, over the release date of their Vivek Oberoi starrers -- Jayanthabhai Ki Luv Story and Kismat, Love, Paisa, Dilli ( KLPD), has taken a turn for the worse. Since both filmmakers want their respective ventures tio hit the theatres on October 5, Mirror has learnt that they have now declared war.According to a source, Amit's strategy is to release the promo of KLPD before Jayanthabhai and also block dates with the lead actor for the film's promotion. \"This leaves Taurani with no time to promote Jayanthabhai with Vivek. He isn't too happy with Amit.\" Interestingly, Amit's other company had been editing promos for all Tips films so far. Taurani has cancelled the contract for Jayanthabhai , after Amit refused to change the release date of KLPD . As for lead actor Vivek, he had been trying for an amicable settlement between both the filmmakers. Both Amit and Taurani remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15413628", "title": "Madurai Kamaraj University bans meetings on campus, angers staff", "text": "MADURAI: In a move that has angered the employees, the management of the Madurai Kamaraj University (MKU) has banned meetings of faculty and staff associations in its campus.The ban that could scuttle the activities of the associations has raised many eyebrows as it comes barely a fortnight after the faculty associations extended their support to the students and scholars who staged a protest against certain decisions of the university authorities in July. In addition, the university also reiterated that recognition to all the associations has been withdrawn.In a circular sent to the faculty members on Wednesday, registrar (in-charge) K Pichumani, said, \"The employees of Madurai Kamaraj University are informed that any association meetings in the university campus are not permitted, since the recognition given to various associations, has been withdrawn as per the resolution of the syndicate dated May 30, 2008.\"The Madurai Kamaraj University Faculty Association (MUFA) immediately shot a memorandum to the vice-chancellor Kalyani Mathivanan, protesting the ban on meetings. \"This move is nothing but an attempt to curtail the democratic functioning of associations. We have requested the vice-chancellor to reconsider the decision,\" said a faculty member. A joint action committee comprising members of MUFA, University Coordination Committee and MKU Staff Association has been formed to revoke the ban.Students of the university, who had staged a weeklong sit-in protest in July against the scrapping of \"dividing system\" in hostel and closure of three hostels, expressed doubts that the ban could soon be extended to them also. \"The move is clearly fuelled by the successful protest by us. By banning activities of all associations, the university wants to prevent expressing of any dissent,\" said a research scholar.There are two faculty associations - MUFA and SC/ST Faculty Association and three employee associations in the university, which have been functioning for several years. These associations were holding periodical meetings all these years in the campus. \"Even last month, we held a meeting in the Mu Va Hall. For our next general body meeting too, we have sought permission to hold the meeting there,\" said a faculty member.The faculty members also contended that there is no such ban in any other university. They also questioned the rationale behind the 2008 syndicate resolution derecognising the associations. \"Only if the university recognised the associations, it could derecognise. So, they have no authority to derecognise the associations,\" said a MUFA member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15411743", "title": "Central team to study airport condition", "text": "PATNA: A team of Union civil aviation ministry will visit Jaiprakash Narayan International Airport, Patna, to see the prevailing condition and review the implementation of safety advice and guidelines issued by the ministry and DGCA. This was conveyed to chief minister Nitish Kumar on Wednesday by the civil aviation minister Ajit Singh amid the controversy over the likely suspension of big aircraft operation from the airport.Nitish said he invited Singh to come and himself see the situation as well as the compliance of the conditions put forth by the ministry, the DGCA and Airports Authority of India (AAI), including the pruning of trees at Sanjay Gandhi Biological Park. Singh told him that a central team would visit Patna soon, he said.Reacting to news reports about reducing the approach funnel of the airport, Nitish said, \"It appears that the AAI has already decided to implement the proposed revised distance from August 16, which will considerably reduce aircraft operations from Patna airport and cause great inconvenience to everyone.\" However, he asserted, \"We have not received any official communication in this regard.\"Singh had written a letter to the CM on August 3, informing that Patna airport was considered the most dangerous one for flight operations due to its short runway and obstacles from trees and other obstructions on private land around airport.Singh's letter said, \"The trees need to be pruned and other obstacles on private land need to be removed. The runway also does not have Runway End Safety Area (RESA) to control the aircraft in case of an accident or overshoot. Due to non-availability of RESA, the runway distance is shortened, putting it under the category of 3C which permits the operation of aircraft like B737-700, ATR and CRJ, Airbus 319, Q400.\"The Union minister had further stated that Patna airport had also been inspected by International Civil Aviation Organisation which found it unsuitable for operation of big aircraft like Airbus 320 and 737NG. The AAI had also written to the state government to prune about 3,000 trees at Sanjay Gandhi Biological Park but no significant progress seems to have been made in this regard.The CM, in his reply to Singh, stated that most of the obstructions on the government land have already been removed and all the remaining obstructions would be removed within a week. Regarding the obstructions on private land, he said the DGCA should take action on the request of the AAI in terms of provisions of Aircraft (Demolition of obstructions caused by buildings and trees) Rules, 1994.\"As regard to pruning of trees at the park, about 300 trees had been identified by the AAI. Later, it was decided that the AAI will reconsider the demand for pruning of trees, including reduction in the approach funnel. Accordingly, a revised list of obstructions has been provided by the AAI and action is being taken for pruning of the trees as per the revised length of approach funnel,\" the CM said.He urged Singh to postpone the plan of stopping operations of big aircraft in view of the actions already taken by the state government. He further said if there was any issue with the railway platform of Phulwarisharif station, the two Union ministries could resolve it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "15412354", "title": "Sindri fumes over change in power-cut timing", "text": "SINDRI: The decision of the Damodar Valley Corporation (DVC) to change the load-shedding schedule from 3.30pm-5.30pm to 6pm-8pm has come in for heavy criticism both from residents and business organizations.Secretary of the Sindri chamber of commerce Deepak Kumar has sought intervention of the JSEB general manager for re-scheduling the load-shedding hours. \"This is the peak hour when both men and women come to the market and the load-shedding is bound to affect the business prospects adversely,\" he said adding that no power in these hours would also affect the students.The business community as well as common residents of the town are already facing financial constraints after closure of the Sindri fertilizer factory and further slump will simply prove fatal for them, he said. The GM has reportedly assured him to take up the matter with DVC officials, he said. Ward councilor Dinesh Singh has also expressed concern over the change in load-shedding schedule. \"With frequent thefts and burglary and snatching, the law and order situation in the town has already touched its nadir and darkness at this peak hour will only add to the agonies of the people,\" he said. S D Chattaraj of Sindri Astitwa Raksha Manch has also lodged his vociferous protest with JSEB and DVC officials.When contacted, Jharkhand State Electricity Board junior engineer Kameshwar Thakur expressed his inability in doing anything for changing the load-shedding schedule saying only higher officials can take up the issue with the DVC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15410892", "title": "Indian rock python rescued from cricket ground, sent to zoo", "text": "HYDERABAD: A six-feet long Indian rock python that was rescued from a cricket ground in Langer Houz on Tuesday was handed over to the Nehru Zoological Park authorities on Wednesday.Members of Sahayog, an animal welfare organisation, who rescued the snake weighing 20 kg, said locals spotted the python that had got stuck in the fence near the ground. They said it must have strayed from the nearby Golconda Fort or the densely vegetated area close to Langer Houz.Zoo park officials said the python will be first examined by veterinary doctors and medically treated if necessary since it was found entangled in a fence. Zoo curator M A Waheed said since the zoo park already has half a dozen specimens of Indian rock python, they are yet to decide whether to keep it in the zoo or release it in the wild. \"We have ample specimens of rock pythons. Most likely it will be released in the wild after consultations with the forest department,\" said Waheed.Officials said that it is not unusual to see pythons close to densely vegetated areas during this time of the year. Snakes are mostly spotted in monsoon as their pits get flooded.They added that people should not harm snakes and other reptiles if they happen to spot them but instead inform the forest department or animal welfare organisations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15411620", "title": "No relief for sub-broker in FIR filed by princess", "text": "MUMBAI: In what may be a relief to a London-based scion of the royal family of Jamnagar Viveka Kumari, a sessions judge has rejected the anticipatory bail plea of Suhas Vaidya, a sub-broker of Kantilal Chagganlal, in a FIR filed by the princess for having cheated her of Rs 2 crore.In March, Kumari filed a police complaint against a large foreign bank's investment manager, who was handling her portfolio worth Rs 3.76 crore. The money to be transferred to a stockbroking firm, was allegedly siphoned off to a builder, and Kumari's lawyers, Aabad Ponda and Zulfi Memon, opposing the plea, said it was a serious case of cheating.The economic offences wing is probing the charges. Defence advocate Sudeep Pasbola, who argued for anticipatory bail, said the charges against the sub-broker were baseless as the main charge was against a couple who were the family friends of the princess. The court stayed its order to enable the accused to appeal before the HC by August 13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15411588", "title": "Five shortlisted for PDKV VC post; final interview on Aug 13", "text": "NAGPUR: The search committee for vice-chancellor of Panjabrao Deshmukh Krishi Vidyapeeth (PDKV) has shortlisted five candidates for final interview with Maharashtra governor and chancellor of state universities K Sankarnarayanan on August 13 at Pune.The interviews will be held at Governor House at Pune and the final candidate for the post will be announced the same day or the next day. The five shortlisted candidates are Ravi Prakash Dani, former principal scientist at Central Institute for Cotton Research ( CICR) working as extension biologist at the University of Texas-tech, USA, since last 12 years, M M Pandey, deputy director general of agriculture engineering at Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR), Subhash Mehetre, director research at the Mahatma Phule Krishi Vidyapeeth, Rahuri, Bhaskar Jadhav, director research at Konkan Agriculture University, Dapoli, and G R More, director of research at Marathwada Agriculture University, Parbhani.Insiders say Dani is frontrunner among the candidates. Also, he happens to be the only candidate from Vidarbha. He belongs to Nagpur and did his schooling and graduation from Akola. However, Pandey has most experience in administration having worked as director of Central Institute of Agriculture Engineering at Bhopal and has been heading the agriculture engineering wing of ICAR for several years. The other three candidates More, Mehetre and Jadhav seem to hold equal weightage.The hunt for the new VC began in April, much before the retirement of V M Mayande on June 30. At present T A More, VC of MPKV, Rahuri, is holding additional charge as PDKV VC.Governor had set up a search committee headed by former judge of Supreme Court justice VS Sirpurkar. The committee released an advertisement on May 28. The other members included director general of Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR) S Ayyappan and Maharashtra principal secretary of agriculture Sudhir Goyal. Former director of Central Institute for Research on Cotton Technology (CIRCOT), Mumbai, AJ Shaikh was the nodal officer of the committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15413208", "title": "Review gauchar land policy: HC to govt", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court suggested that the state government review its policy regarding gauchar land and its allocation, and asks it to evolve a \"workable and practicable\" policy.The court said so with observation that it should revisit all resolutions passed time to time particularly if the government cannot adhere to its own policy. This suggestion came from the bench of Chief Justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya and Justice J B Pardiwala, which dismissed a PIL filed by villagers from Banaskantha district.The PIL claimed that the sarpanch of Mahi village had illegally given the nod to the state government to transfer part of village's gauchar land to those displaced by the Mukteshwar Reservoir Project. The petitioners sought cancellation of the allocation on the grounds that the grazing land now left with the village is not enough for the 3,000 cattle it has. A government circular says that there must be 48 acres reserved for every 100 heads of cattle.The bench dismissed the petition but expressed concern about the sharp increase in public interest litigation over the issues affecting grazing land. \"Undoubtedly government has a policy in this regard. However, the question is, to what extent can the government adhere to and follow the norms of the said policy,\" the court order reads.The bench further observed that many a time, the government finds difficulties in allotting suitable land other than gauchar land for public purpose. Under such circumstances, other public purpose also could not be permitted to be overlooked. The court was of the opinion that while assessing the adequacy of grazing land; all the cattle in village must not be taken into consideration.The government's resolution says that useless cattle, or those belonging to professional grazers or professional cattle breeders or commercial dairies or those used for business should not be taken into account for the purpose of maintaining the minimum area of gauchar land, the court said adding that it should review its own resolutions now.\"If the Government can't follow its own policy, it is meaningless to keep such a policy subsisting thereby giving rise to litigations in the nature of public interest. It is high time the state government takes up this issue seriously and evolves a policy which is workable, practical and will protect the interest of one and all,\" the bench said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15413304", "title": "The speedometer doesn't bother me: Irfan Pathan", "text": "NAGPUR: Irfan Pathan knows what it takes to be successful at the international level. He knows the importance of making opportunities count. The Sri Lankan tour was an opportunity for him to re-establish himself in the Indian one-day side.Once an integral part of the Indian Test and one-day set up, Irfan had lost his trademark swing and also his place. The swing is back now, and so is this all-rounder.He is surely making his presence felt. The Baroda all-rounder went as a replacement for the injured R Vinay Kumar and topped the wicket-takers' list.He also played a couple of useful knocks. But he is hungry for more. \"By God's grace, it was a good series for me. The conditions were good for swing bowling. I needed to pitch the ball in the right areas. Thankfully, I did that more often than not. The team management, coach and captain supported me a lot; gave me confidence and I am happy to have delivered. It was a great team show; batsmen put runs on the board and the bowlers picked up wickets when the team needed them. Overall, it was a good start to the season. This victory will give us the confidence for the long season ahead,\" Pathan told TOI on Wednesday.It's not easy to be an all-rounder, especially in India, where people expect you to do the magic every time, but Irfan is unfazed. \"Certainly, it's not easy. You need to work harder at practice. You need to concentrate on both batting and bowling. Having said that, it gives you the opportunity to contribute to the team. I knew I could contribute with the bat, but it was important for me to deliver with the ball. The margin of error is always very little at the international level, so I just wanted to keep it simple,\" said the 27-year-old.After a long lay-off, Irfan made a comeback in the national side during the one-day series against West Indies, but couldn't hold on to his place. He hasn't been given a long run. It was only against Sri Lanka that he played all five matches.\"After making a comeback, I am not thinking too much. I am basically focusing on the present. There's no point thinking too much about the future, it puts you under extra pressure. International cricket is not easy; your skills are tested in every match and if you take pressure that won't help. After playing international cricket for nine years, I am now better prepared to deal with the pressure situation. If your process and preparations are right, you don't have to worry about anything. However, it's good that people have started expecting good things from me,\" he said.Irfan said playing domestic cricket helped him get to get his rhythm back and has made him a different bowler. \"I needed to be fit because I struggled due to lack of fitness. Once I achieved full fitness, I knew I could be as effective as anyone. Playing domestic cricket last season helped me in getting my rhythm back. The longer format allowed me to rectify the mistakes I was making. It was important for me to get my basics right and bowl longer spells in Ranji Trophy,\" the left-armer said.Critics have pointed out at the drop in his pace, but Irfan is not too bothered about the numbers on the speedometer. \"I feel the ball is coming out nicely out of my hand for the last 12 months or so. My strength has always been swing. I generally don't look too much at the speedometer. I don't want to single out anyone, but there are pacers who didn't have tear away pace, yet they ended up picking more than 400 Test wickets. There were spinners who didn't turn the ball too much, still they were successful. Everyone is unique in himself. I have taken close to 290 international wickets. If I try to do something which is not my strength, I may mess things up,\" he said.Much like any other Indian cricketer, Irfan too wants to be a part of the Indian Test set up, but he is not thinking too much about it at the moment. \"I don't want to comment on selection issues. Yes, I want to play Test cricket and if I keep performing, it will happen again.\"I have been lucky to have got so much support. The BCCI , support staff at NCA and Eric Simmons have been a great help.\"However, TA Sekar has always been there for me. He knows my strengths and weaknesses and it wouldn't have been possible without him,\" he signed off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15415521", "title": "Happy Birthday Prince Mahesh Babu", "text": "Prince and superstar Ghattamaneni Mahesh Babu celebrates his birthday today (August 9). Mahesh plans to celebrate his birthday with his family members in Hyderabad and wants to keep this a low key affair. The actor, who is currently shooting for Seetamma Vaakitlo Sirimalle Chettu, co-starring Victory Venkatesh, is enjoying a great stint in Tollywood and in personal life too. He and his wife Namratha were recently blessed with a baby girl.After smash hit Dookudu (2011), Mahesh Babu started this year with a bang too. His 'Businessman' scripted history in terms of collections and has set the tone with high expectations.The first look poster and working stills of Mahesh Babu's under-shoot film Seetamma Vaakitlo Sirimalle Chettu were released on the occasion of his birthday and the actor looks very dashing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "burnpur", "code": "15412237", "title": "7-year-old raped, killed", "text": "BURNPUR: Bengal's dubious distinction as an unsafe state for women hit a new low on Wednesday when a seven-year-old was found raped and murdered in Burnpur, barely 400 metres from her school. Her little things \u2014 shoes, pencil box and a question paper \u2014 were strewn about the body, along with empty bottles of liquor.Puspa Thakur, a Class-II student of Burnpur Girls' High School, had been missing since Tuesday morning. Around 9am on Wednesday a rag-picker girl found her body, with the throat slit, in a drain behind the Iisco Steel Plant (ISP) quarters on Hospital Road.The girl informed the locals of Nabaghanti who immediately went on the rampage at the school and ransacked at least four classrooms. The mob demanded that the ISP management visit the spot at once and alleged that the area turns into anti-socials' den after dark every day. These criminals allegedly occupy the unused quarters of ISP. Police had to lathicharge to disperse the mob and in retaliation, the mob hurled stones on the policemen.The mob got even more violent after the girl's post-mortem report arrived from the Asansol subdivisional hospital. It revealed 11 injuries on the girl's body and mentioned that she had been killed after being raped. As the body was brought from the hospital, thousands of men and women gheraoed Hirapur police station, demanding that the guilty be arrested.Police had to lathi-charge again to clear the mob. But the agitators had by then closed down shops and stopped bus services.The local police brought a sniffer dog from the RPF in the afternoon, but it failed to give any leads. Subrata Ganguly, the ADCP (West) of Asansol-Durgapur Police, said probe has been started. \"We have asked the agitators for 24 hours to arrest the culprits,\" he said. No arrests have been made yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15413522", "title": "\u2018Virtual ray\u2019 to add extra sparkle to toons", "text": "LONDON: Disney will now make its popular animated characters such as Mickey and Minnie Mouse sparkle with a new 'virtual ray' technology which makes scenes appear more realistic.A team of scientists from Disney research, Zurich, Karlsruhe Technical Institute in Germany, and the University of Montreal in Canada have developed a new and efficient way to simulate how light is absorbed and scattered in scenes, the Daily Mail said.\"Our technique could be used to simulate anything from vast cloudscapes, to everyday 'solid' objects,\" Wojciech Jarosz, of Disney research Zurich, who led the research team, said.Normally, realistic rendering techniques simulate light using a set of particles (virtual 'photons' ) that bounce off of walls and objects, depositing tiny bits of light-energy along their trip.It's this light-energy that's collected to form the final simulated image. But Disney researchers have found that it's much more efficient to use long and thin beams of light, instead of tiny photon particles , as a building block for generating images. With this new technique computer graphics experts can simulate more realistic participating media effects, which occur commonly than one would expect in the real-world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "ghumar mandi", "code": "15414476", "title": "Thieves decamp with Rs 30L watches", "text": "GHUMAR MANDI: Burglars struck at a shop in Ghumar Mandi Chowk and decamped with watches, bags and goggles worth around Rs 30 lakh along with Rs 30,000 in cash.Shop owner Vijay Kumar, a resident of BRS Nagar, said he closed the showroom at 9.30pm on Tuesday. \"My manager Arun Kumar came to work at 10.30am on Wednesday and found something suspicious. Instead of opening the shop, he called me.\" Vijay said the locks looked fine but there was a dent in the shutter. \"The area watchman said he left work at 5am and did not witness any unusual activity at night,\" he added.The thieves reportedly also broke the lock of Vijay's office and took watches from there. According to the complaint, CCTV cameras are installed in the shop but they are usually turned off at night fearing a short circuit.SHO of Division No. 8 Ranjit Singh said, \"We have recorded the statements.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15413536", "title": "Two Delhi cops arrested for impersonating as CBI sleuths", "text": "LUCKNOW: Rampur police on Wednesday arrested two crime branch (special unit) constables of Delhi Police for kidnapping, impersonation and fraud. The arrest came after the two, posing as the CBI sleuths, forcibly picked-up an executive engineer of the UP Jal Nigam from his Bijnor residence and demanded Rs 20 lakh to let him off.The two were exposed when a colleague of the engineer got suspicious and informed the police. Reacting promptly on the complaint, the Bijnore and Rampur police managed to arrest the two and their two aides, and rescued the engineer before money could exchange hands.Additional director general of police (crime) Jagmohan Yadav said Bijnor police received a complaint that one Sushil Bansal, an executive engineer of Uttar Pradesh Jal Nigam, posted at Bijnor, had been kidnapped by four unidentified men from his residence in Kotwali police circle of Bijnore district. The complainant, a colleague of Bansal, told the police that the victim had called him a few minutes ago and asked him to arrange for Rs 20 lakh for his safe release. Sensing trouble, he informed the police instead. He provided the police with the cellphone number from which Bansal had called him up, Yadav said talking to TOI on Wednesday evening.The complainant, whose identity has been withheld for security reasons, also told the police that the Bansal's cellphone was snatched away when he was trying to talk further. The complainant then called up Bansal's residence in Bijnore only to be informed that four sleuths from the CBI had arrived at his house and took him away saying that a corruption case was pending against him. The complainant also came to know that while leaving the place, the CBI sleuths had said that they were taking him to Lucknow office of the agency for questioning.Going by the time at which Bansal was taken away from his house and the time when called up his colleague, the police were somewhat confident that Bansal could be somewhere close by. On the basis of the location details of the cellphone from which Bansal made the call to his colleague, police soon managed to trace the location of the suspects and the victim on Moradabad-Bareilly-Rampur highway moving towards Rampur. Subsequently, the Bijnor police informed their Rampur counterparts about the entire incident and provided the description of the four-wheeler in which Bansal was frisked away from his house.\"Extensive checking of vehicles was launched on Moradabad-Rampur highway and the vehicle was intercepted. Two of the occupants identified themselves as Ajit Singh of Nayabans locality under Shahbad police station of Delhi and Mukesh Yadav of Ghaziabad. The two admitted that they were constables of the Delhi Police and at present posted with the crime branch of the special unit which has its office situated in Sunlight Colony. The car in which the accused were moving belonged to Ajit himself,\" Yadav said. \"We have contacted the Delhi Police and it has been established that they are cops with the crime branch special unit,\" Yadav said.The remaining two associates of the accused cops were identified as Hirendra Yadav of Muzaffarnagar and Baldeo Singh of Rajasthan. Police recovered a pistol from the possession of the accused along with photo identity cards of the Delhi Police and forged ID cards of CBI. Police also seized forged documents showing Bansal as an accused in a corruption case. The ADG said details extracted from the accused were being verified to establish as to why they picked on Bansal and if they had been involved in any similar incident in the state earlier as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15413247", "title": "Dress code up to private colleges, says Mangalore University vice-chancellor", "text": "MANGALORE: Do managements of educational institutions have the right to impose rules that hurt the religious sentiments of students? This question is being debated for the past several years in the state, especially in Dakshina Kannada, with the dress code row rearing its ugly head every now and then. However, still there is lack of clarity as to whether they are permitted to do so.Examples of college managements taking such steps include that of Aysha Ashmin of SVS College, Bantwal, who was not allowed to wear a hijab to college in 2009. Hadiya Iqbal, a second year PU commerce student of Jain PU College in Moodbidri, too had to undergo the same fate in her institution in 2011. Recently, St Aloysius College had hit the headlines by introducing a blanket ban on burqa in classrooms.The latest in the series is the notice of the administrative board of Vivekananda Vidyavardhaka Sangha (VVS), Puttur, which runs several institutions. It had mandated women - students, teaching and non teaching staff- to wear bangles and bindi on the campus. However, the institution claimed that it was not mandatory, but said it wanted to preserve Indian culture.Authorities concerned, be it Mangalore University or the Department of Public Instruction, leave such issues to the college managements and refuse to interfere. Mangalore University vice-chancellor TC Shivashanikara Murthy told TOI that the university in no way can interfere in the disciplinary matters of a private institution. \"The university can take a decision on the uniform of the staff and students only within the university campus and it cannot interfere in private or government colleges' decisions. Managements of private colleges are the authorities to take a final decision on such matters,'' the VC said.Moses Jaysekhar, deputy director, Department of Public Instruction, said institutes may introduce uniform and there is no government bar. However, Moses said: \"no institute can impose rules that make wearing bangles and bindi compulsory on their campus. I will look into the issue and take a decision.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15412051", "title": "Animation film on Sankardev next year", "text": "GUWAHATI: The first Assamese animation feature film based on 15th century Vaishnavite saint Sankardev will soon roll into production. The movie will see an early release in 2013 probably before Bihu.'Sarbagunakara Srimanta Sankaradeva' will be the first Assamese animation feature film to be based on the life and times of the great Assamese icon and his contribution to society as a whole. The film will be scripted and directed by national award-winning director Manju Borah. Sanjiv Narain will produce the ambitious project.The first animation feature film from the northeast will be technically steered by Kolkata-based Kaleidoscope Entertainment , which will be responsible for the characters design, layout, illustration and other vital aspects required in the production of an animation film. The film will be released in Assamese, Bengali, Hindi and English and the dubbing for the film will commence soon.\" There could not be a better subject than our own Sankaradeva. We roped in prominent experts for an accurate approach and to avoid any controversies,\" said Manju Borah. The director added that the film will be 90 minutes long and the venture would regenerate the ideals, philosophies and teachings of the saint to the new generation.The music, which be composed under the tutelage of Tarali Sharma, will focus on traditional Sattriya music. \"I will try to infuse Sattriya music based on his creation and will include Borgeet, Nator Geet, Ankiya Naat, Raag and other Sattriya flavours,\" said Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15416482", "title": "Hit duo of Alok and Nirahua coming back again", "text": "The hit pair of successful producer of Bhojpuri movies, Alok Kumar and superstar of Bhojpuri cinema Dinesh Lal Yadav is coming together again. Alok Kumar is producing new film, 'Doodh Ka Karz', with Nirahua. Premanshu Singh will be directing this movie.The duo has given superhits like, 'Ho Gail Ba Pyar Odhaniya Wali Se', 'Nirahua Chalal Sasural' to the Bhojpuri audience. Their upcoming venture 'Ganga Jamna Saraswati is all set to be released this month. Source: bhojpuriyacinema.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15413282", "title": "5 lakh pursuing MBA, only one fifth employable: Study", "text": "AHMEDABAD: With the uncertainty in the global economic atmosphere threatening major recession, rising cost of education and a depreciating rupee, the ever growing multitude of Indian graduates are questioning the worth of an MBA degree.According to a nationwide study of marks secured by 2,264 management graduates, while MBA seats have increased by 30 per cent since 2007, recruiting companies found only that only 21 per cent business school graduates were employable. A similar previous study in 2007 placed employability index at 25 per cent.The study was carried out by testing and assessment company MeritTrac and a business school portal on 100 business schools, excluding the top 25 institutes, in India to benchmark the current state of employability of management graduates.President of the All India Management Association, Rajiv Vastupal, said, \"MBA is important benchmark for anyone from a non-commercial course. The skills of MBA graduates are declining due to poor standard of mushrooming MBA schools, which do not have a proper faculty to teach. Business schools must include case studies, group discussions and problem-solving techniques instead of holding lectures.\"The MBAs covered in the survey scored in 52.58 per cent in verbal ability, 41.17 per cent in quantitative ability and 37.51 per cent in reasoning. Recruiters believe that while MBAs are better at making presentations and negotiating terms of employment, they should be open to unlearning, be self-motivated and have an open mind in order to be more employable.Ruzan Khambatta, a tech entrepreneur, who hires MBA graduates every year, said, \"The employability of MBAs have decreased because the quality of business schools has dipped. Besides better training and imparting soft skills, management institutes must ensure better interaction between students and industry. This would help in conveying the expectation of the industry to future managers.\"Management consultant Gautam Gouthi believes that MBA ensures a certain bandwidth over a non-MBA candidate for recruitment. \"But it is necessary to have the skill set that companies are looking for.\"IIM alumnus Neel Shah said, \"Being a Gujarati and having a family business, I always wanted to understand various aspects of the business, which I could not have achieved with a technical degree. What I got after investing two years in MBA from a reputed school was fruitful in terms of money but there have been many more intangible gains and benefits.\"India is a booming MBA market with over 3,500 B-schools and 5,00,000 students pursuing various MBA or equivalent programs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15416698", "title": "Junoon to sing for PM\u2019s b\u2019day", "text": "On September 26, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh will turn 80. To celebrate the occasion, musicians from both sides of the border are gearing up to strum a new note \u2014 of cross-border peace and harmony. Taking part in the celebrations to be organized at PM's birthplace, Gah, Punjab, in British India (now Pakistan) will be Sufi rockers Junoon and apna Sunidhi Chauhan .Salman Ahmad of Junoon, who is looking forward to meeting the PM soon, said he was approached by Rajendra Kumar Pachauri, who served as the chairperson of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), which was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 2007 during his tenure. \"Dr Pachauri invited me for dinner in Delhi and said that the Prime Minister would like Junoon to perform at the PM's 80th birthday celebrations in his Pakistani birthplace.\" Salman was quick to rope in Sunidhi, who has sung with him for the forthcoming Bollywood film, \"Rhythm\". \"It would be great to show Indo-Pakistan harmony through music. Besides, I love Sunidhi's voice! Junoon has always promoted love and friendship between India and Pakistan and I feel that music is the most powerful force to bring the two neighbours together,\" he says. Even though the lineup of songs is not yet ready, Salman says he would like to perform the band's hit numbers like \" Ghoom tana\", \"Khudi ko kar buland\", \"Dum mast qalandar\", \"Dosti\" and \"Sayonee\".  Ask him how it feels to have been asked to perform for the Indian Prime Minister and he says, \"As a UN Goodwill ambassador and a Pakistani artiste, I feel honoured to have been asked to perform for the Indian head of state. We (my wife Samina and our organization) believe that cross-cultural cooperation is an urgent imperative for a more peaceful and prosperous South Asia.\" If a message of peace through music is what the rockstar is looking at, Salman has also thought of a special gift. \"I want to gift the Prime Minister Junoon CDs and a book of Punjabi love poetry by Bulleh Shah.\" About his India visit, Salman says, \"Dr Pachauri and his team are working out the details.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15414567", "title": "Meru cabbies continue stir at IGI", "text": "NEW DELHI: Drivers of Meru cab service at the Delhi airport stayed away from work for the second consecutive day on Wednesday alleging that they were not given enough assignments to ferry passengers as promised.\"We don't get enough assignments making it hard for us to earn money,\" said a Meru cab driver on the condition of anonymity.However, the Meru management claimed that 'unsocial elements' were causing the problems and denied the allegations of giving lesser assignments to drivers.\"A handful of drivers are not allowing the 150-odd Meru cabs at the Delhi airport to commence services. Most of the drivers want to do business . We will be terminating contracts with these drivers and taking the cabs back,\" said Meru CEO Siddhartha Pahwa.\"Each driver makes about Rs 15,000-18 ,000 a month over the fuel charges and subscription amount to the company. We also have a safety net for drivers where if they don't get enough business, we give them at least Rs 500 per day, on a weekly basis,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15410986", "title": "Teen knocked down by BEST bus, may lose leg", "text": "MUMBAI: A 14-year-old schoolgirl, Priti Prajapati, is the second person in less than a week to get knocked down by a BEST bus.The mishap that occurred on Wednesday afternoon, left her right foot crushed. On Saturday, a biker was killed after he collided with a BEST bus in Goregaon (E). The student of Bhandup's IDUBS Hindi school was returning home from school around 12:30pm when the incident occured. \"She fell down and the bus ran over her right foot,\" said Amarnath Prajapati, Priti's elder brother.The BEST driver, Ramesh Jogand, has been booked for rash driving and negligence. Passersby took Priti to M T Agarwal hospital and she was later transferred to Sion Hospital. Doctors say Priti has sustained severe damage to her right leg and blood vessels. \"We may have to amputate her right foot, which has been severed beyond repair,\" a doctor told TOI. However, BEST officials said it was only a 'minor' accident.\"We are surprised that the driver could be so irresponsible, considering he has been with us for 14 years,\" BEST public relations officer N A Walavalkar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15414767", "title": "Health department showers \u2018ashirwad\u2019 on state\u2019s children", "text": "KANPUR: The state health department has come up with the 'Ashirwad' scheme to cover schoolgoing and non-schoolgoing children. The scheme is part of the Child Health Guarantee Plan (CHGP) and children suffering from anemia would be offered Ironpholic tablets for their health.Nodal officer (Ashirwad) and additional CMO, Dr OP Bhaskar told TOI: \"Under the first phase of the scheme 2012-13, we would be covering children aged between 6 and 16 years studying in government primary, junior and high schools for all medical facilities.He added under the second phase of scheme, children studying in government aided schools, vocational schools, labour department and social welfare department run schools, orphanages, madrassa and juvenile homes would be covered.Dr Bhaskar pointed out that under the third phase, non-school going children would be covered. Health check up of such children aged between one and six years would be conducted with the help of aanganwari workers at aanganwari schools. And, children age above six years would be identified and covered with the help of ASHAs. Children residing at construction site, brick kiln centers, banjare ghumantu species would be covered.Additional CMO, National Rural Health Mission, Dr Chandan Lal told TOI: \"Medical teams comprising a doctor, a nursing staff and a paramedical staff would be assigned the task of medical check-up of children.These medical teams would be conducting screening, investigation, referral and treatment of school going and non schoolgoing children.Dr Lal said that \"ASHAs and ANMs are assigned to check institutional deliveries and infants/children health programmes time to time under the integrated child protection programme (ICPP) and children of rural areas aged between 2 and 16 years are also covered under Bal Swasthya Guarantee Yojana.As it is known that children aged between 2 and 16 years usually reside at their homes in rural areas, medical teams have been constituted to cover all the children in all 20 blocks of the district.Deputy CMO, Dr Vivek Srivastava maintained \"assistance of teachers would be taken in conducting medical check- up of school going children and they would also be offered D-verming tablets.He added that for the better coordination of scheme, the help of other government departments including Basic Siksha Adhikari, Additional Basic Siksha Adhikari, Disrict Inspector of school, District Coordinator ( Sarva Siksha Abhiyan) and Director Mid-Day Meal Plan has been sought to make the scheme a mega success. tnnMeanwhile, Chief Medical Officer, Dr. Padmakar Singh said \" we have planned to take assistance from Indian Medical Association and Indian Academy of Pediatrics\". He added that health officials would be further coordinating principals of schools to chalk out strategies for the scheme before its implementation\".Deputy CMO, Dr. SP Singh told TOI \" we would be ensuring that medical teams should visit schools areas twice in a month for the proper medical check up of children. He added that there is proposal to maintain \" health card\" of each and every child.Meanwhile, Dr. Bhaskar out that \" we are chalking out microplanning of entire project at block level and efforts are underway to identify the schools block wise and enrollment of school children at the earliest. He hoped that list of schools and enrollment of school children would be done till August 10\".under the second phase of scheme, children studying in government aided schools, vocational schools, labour department and social welfare department run schools, orphanages, madrassa and juvenile homes would be covered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15415033", "title": "Clay, wooden toys struggling to survive in the market", "text": "VARANASI: The clay and wooden toys are struggling hard to survive in the markets on the occasion of Shri Krishna Janamshtami which is already busy catering customers purchasing articles to decorate the tableau for the festival.\"The traditional band of sepoys, toy sets depicting different events of Krishna Leela, the animal family, bird family are now showing a vanishing trend from the market. Being a especiality, many people are dependent on it for their livelihood,\" said Jyotendra, a vendor who has arrived from Raja Talab in view of earning some money selling clay toys at Bansphatak area of the city.Market is flooded with lots of plastic toys for the forthcoming festival of Janamashtami. According to Akash Agrawal, a wholesaler of such toys at Haraha Sarai market, \"plastic toys have now replaced the idols of Lord Krishna and Radha as well. They are long lasting and at the same time affordable. Earlier, only cars, animals, birds, dolls were the only plastic toys contributing in tableau decoration,\" he added.While the only wooden toy unit at wholesale market of Haraha Sarai competiting with hundreds of plastic and chinese toys shops is sufficiently telling the plight of wooden and clay toy makers. Chinese and plastic toys are overshadowing the delight of handmade local toys at several retail and makeshif shops as well.According to Ramesh, a permanent shopkeeper of wooden toys, \"the demand for wooden toys is very low in the city. These are taken as handicraft only by outstationed customers.\"However, some traditional toys like spring ladded 'Seth Sethani', the steamer toy which is often seen in Vishwanath Gullie market, swings for Lord Krishna, wooden cage, cyramic toys still have a good number of customers and are selling like before. \"Apart from the plastic toys, plastic Christmas trees are also selling in large number along with of ashok leaves and coloured wood powder which are a especiality of the Janamashtami tableau,\" said Neeraj, another vendor at Bansphatak area. A variety of articles like flower pots, pens, wall hangings, decorated with Morpankh (peacock feathers) and other attractive articles are also selling on various makeshift shops set up in different areas of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15411798", "title": "Kingfisher Airlines staffers strike work, 4 flights from Mumbai cancelled", "text": "MUMBAI: With salary payments delayed again, a section of Kingfisher Airlines pilots and engineers stayed off work on Wednesday, forcing the airline to cancel 26 flights across the country, including four from the city.\"The protest was over the delay in payment of salaries for the month of March,'' said an airline source. \"By evening, some pilots were of the opinion that they should continue flying till August 13, as the management promised them on Wednesday that salary disbursement for March will begin on that date,\" he added.The airline's pilots are not unionized, and decisions regarding protests are largely taken individually by pilots after consultation with each other, the source said. The airline's spokesperson was not available for comment. This is the fourth time since February that the airline's staffers have refused to report to work.According to officials at the Mumbai airport, Kingfisher is operating 19 daily flights from Mumbai, of which eight are to Delhi. On Wednesday, it cancelled four flights. Of these, three were scheduled for Delhi and one for Chennai. At Mumbai airport, the Kingfisher booking counter bore a deserted look on Wednesday. With a passenger load factor of only 73% in May and 62% in June, Kingfisher is one of the two carriers (Air India being the other one) with the lowest percentage of occupied seats on its flights.\"The airline's (Kingfisher) flights were going half-empty,\" said an airline staffer at the airport. A 35-year-old media professional paid Rs 3,000 extra for an air ticket to Delhi after his Kingfisher flight was cancelled. \"I need to reach Delhi urgently today. I have no option but to buy a new ticket at the spot-booking rate,\" he said. Many other passengers asked their travel agents to book new tickets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15414482", "title": "CBI\u2019s flip-flop on DNA may help Talwars", "text": "NEW DELHI: A CBI witness's deposition in the Aarushi-Hemraj murders trial on Tuesday has given the defence team a chance to punch holes in the case. CFSL expert BK Mahapatra had told the court on Tuesday that male DNA was found on a pillow and cover recovered from murdered teenager Aarushi Talwar's room. This contradicts CBI's claim in the closure report that no male DNA was found.Even while presenting another pillow from Aarushi's room on July 31, Mahapatra had told court that no male DNA was found on it.Satyaketu Singh, the counsel for Aarushi's parents , doctors Rajesh and Nupur Talwar, said, \"There was no mention of male DNA earlier in the CBI report\" . The counsel pointed out that page 29 of CBI's closure report, under the subhead \"major shortcomings of evidence\" , states: \"No blood of Hemraj was found on the bed sheet and pillows of Aarushi. There is no evidence to prove that Hemraj was killed in the room of Aarushi\" .CBI officials said the latest disclosure about the second pillow, however, \"proves that Hemraj was killed in Aarushi's room\" .The pillow, according to CBI records, was recovered from Aarushi's room. A letter was then sent to CFSL by the then superintendent of police (CBI), RS Dhankar, on June 4, 2008, stating: \"One bloodstained pillow with pillow cover in a sealed envelope , captioned as 13, from the room of Aarushi\" .The defence lawyers will cross-examine Mahapatra on this detail. The DNA will be matched later by the forensics laboratory in Hyderabad.CBI prosecutor RK Saini on Wednesday also clarified that \"No female DNA was found from the samples taken from Hemraj's room\" , as reported earlier. However, the court was informed that a blanket \u2014 belonging to Aarushi and found on the terrace of Talwars' neighbours \u2014 had female DNA on it.More samples could not be opened on Wednesday due to a strike in the Ghaziabad court. August 14 is the next date of hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "new delhi/ greater noida", "code": "15414352", "title": "Yamuna Expressway opens today, pay Rs 320 for one-way car ride to Agra", "text": "NEW DELHI/ GREATER NOIDA: Barely 15 hours before the inauguration of Yamuna Expressway , the UP chief minister's office cleared the toll notification on Wednesday night. Though the state government has fixed the upper limit for toll charges, Jaypee would charge Rs 320 from cars and Rs 150 from twowheelers for a one-way trip.A senior executive of the infrastructure company said that the concession agreement of the project lays down the provision of the developer charging less that the maximum toll charges approved by the government . Sources familiar with implementation and operation of highway projects said that the developer in this case has full freedom to charge less toll since it doesn't share revenue with the state government or any of its agencies.He added the Noida-Greater Noida expressway, which was earlier part of the concession agreement, has been delinked from the Yamuna Expressway project. \"There will be no toll on Noida-Greater Noida expressway , which was originally supposed to be handed over to Jaypee for maintenance and tolling as an integral part of Yumna Expressway,\" said a senior government official.Initially, the developer expects about 15,000 PCUs (unit for vehicles) daily. It hopes the traffic would grow gradually. With the launch happening on the eve of Krishna Jayanti, sources say that the developer is hoping to cash in on the crowds that would go to Mathura , the birth place of Krishna.For frequent commuters \u2014 those who undertake over 19 journeys in a month \u2014 the developer is offering special discounts . \"Since this road would reduce the travel time drastically between Delhi and Agra, we expect many commuters would opt for round trips within 24 hours. They will avail 20% discount on each trip. For people's benefit we are publicizing the toll charges for each type of vehicle for three different patches \u2014 Greater Noida to Aligarh, Aligarh to Mathura and Mathura to Agra,\" said a source.Meanwhile, the district administration has made an elaborate arrangement for the opening of the expressway. About 100 personnel would be deployed. \"The security forces include a PAC battalion, five SHOs, 20 sub-inspectors , 60 constables and women police officers ,\" said superintendent of police, Ashok Kumar .Free ride till August 15Jaypee Infratech on Thursday said there would be no toll-tax on the Yamuna Expressway till Aug 15.The freeway, which promises to reduce travel time between New Delhi and Agra, home to the Taj Mahal by nearly half at two-and-a-half hours, was formally inaugurated by way of a videoconference from here Thursday by Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav.Jaypee group deputy chairman Manoj Gaur said given the season of Ramzaan, Janmaasthami and Independence Day, his group had decided to give motorists on the expressway a six-day free ride. The state government has approved a toll tax of Rs.2.10 per km for cars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15411281", "title": "Osmania University on the boil over fee relief cap", "text": "HYDERABAD: The fee reimbursement row gathered momentum on Wednesday with students of Osmania University unleashing violence on campus demanding retraction of the state government's decision to set a ceiling for relief under the scheme. The students, most of them members of Osmania University Telangana Students Joint Action Committee (OU-TSJAC), took out a rally and staged a dharna in front of the NCC gate on their campus at 10am.The situation went out of control at around 10.30am when the agitating students tried to break the police cordon in front of the main gate. With the protestors taking to stone pelting, police responded by firing a few rounds of tear gas shells. Student leaders said that the state government had taken a decision after ignoring their sentiments. The violence lasted for an hour until police arrested and removed a few student leaders. The situation on campus remained tense on Wednesday with practically no department holding classes following the bandh call by Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) and BC Sankshepa Samithi.Police personnel have been stationed around the university to restrain OU-TSJAC members who have called for \"secretariat chalo\" protest on Thursday. Meanwhile, T Ramakrishna, the ABVP national secretary, said that they have announced an engineering college bandh on Thursday. \"There will be a series of protests till the government withdraws its decision to restrict the cap on reimbursement to Rs 31,200 per student,\" Ramakrishna said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15413168", "title": "I'm a 20:20 batsman, I have to hit boundaries: Jagadish Shettar", "text": "BANGALORE: Chief minister Jagadish Shettar likens himself to a 20:20 player who has to bat hard and make only boundaries and sixes, as he has a short tenure.During a media interaction on Wednesday, the CM said: \"I became CM under challenging circumstances. I have very little time. It's like a 20:20 match and I have to post a good score. Taking singles won't do. I have to hit only boundaries and sixes.''Realizing that performance holds the key to electoral victory, he's formed three teams, led by himself and his deputies KS Eshwarappa and R Ashoka. The umpires are -- who else but former CMs BS Yeddyurappa and DV Sadananda Gowda -- but will they allow him to hit big? \"Scoring runs is in the hands of the batsman and not the umpires,'' he quipped.The CM claimed he takes \"independent\" decisions without bowing to any external pressures. Isn't Yeddyurappa doing the backseat driving? \"That is your perception, I don't agree. As a CM, I am functioning independently. I am taking decisions and disciplining officials on my own,'' he said. But in the same breath, Shettar said the government was being run by a collective leadership.Chief secretary SV Ranganath, additional chief secretary (finance) LV Nagarajan and principal secretary to the CM Pradeep Singh Kharola are on the CM's team. ACS Kaushik Mukherjee and CM's economic adviser KV Raju are in Eshwarappa's team, while Ashoka has ACS Subir Hari Singh and principal secretary to CM Lakshminarayana in his team.The CM and deputy CMs will review the performance of four to six departments every week. Once a fortnight, the trio and their teams will review development together.Realizing the role of roads in appeasing the electorate, the government is constructing 30km long roads in all the 224 assembly segments.Politically correctThroughout the interaction, the CM was at his evasive and diplomatic best on touchy issues. Sample these replies:On the appointment of Lokayukta: \"We have no malafide intention. It got delayed due to legalities. The appointment will be made as soon as possible.''LK Advani's criticism of state BJP: \"No comments.''Giving tickets for elections: \"We still have nine months. The leadership issue and candidates will be decided by the party high command.''Proposed junket of MLAs: \"I will speak to the MLAs and take a decision.''Declaring his and his colleagues' assets: \"I will discuss it in the cabinet.''On implementing Sakaala in Vidhana Soudha: \"We will do it.''Pat for governmentDespite the attacks on churches and increased incidents of moral policing, especially in the coastal belt, the CM feels the BJP government has performed very well in the area of law and order. \"Law and order has been good in the past four years. We have always taken swift action,\" Shettar claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15411699", "title": "Travel agencies confused about flights after Aug 16", "text": "PATNA: The state civil aviation department has not received any reply till date from the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) regarding the revised length of runway at the Jaiprakash Narayan International airport, Patna.Principal secretary, cabinet coordination and state civil aviation department, Ravikant said, \"We have not received any communication from the DGCA so far. We had sent the letter to the DGCA on August 3 about the removal of obstructions identified by the Airports Authority of India (AAI).\"But after the circulation of the NOTAM regarding the revised length of the approach funnel, three leading airlines - Jet, IndiGo and GoAir - have stopped booking tickets for flights after August 16. But the city flyers are confused over the booking and cancellation process. The short length of the runway would prevent the landing of big aircraft like Airbus 320 and Boeing 737 at Patna airport.The three aviation companies have declared that they would not take any booking for August 16 onwards. Moreover, if any flyer intends to cancel his ticket, no cancellation charge would be deducted. An aviation company station manager, on the condition of anonymity, said, \"It would not be the flyers' fault if the flight gets cancelled. So, according to the company guidelines, we would refund the total price of the tickets.\" He said no passenger has cancelled tickets so far.But the travel agencies claimed they had not been informed about any such notice. Anand Jha, a travel agent said, \"The aviation companies inform us every time if there is any change in the booking or ticket refund schemes. But, this time, the airlines have closed their bookings without informing us.\"Another travel agent, Aftab said, \"We have bookings till Chhath and Diwali. Whatever we get to know about the airport problem is only through media. We are unable to guide the flyers.\" He also said no one has turned up to cancel his or her ticket so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15416156", "title": "Vivek Oberoi bids his sweetheart goodbye", "text": "Actor Vivek Oberoi has finally given into his pretty wife Priyanka's demand and given up his yellow Ducati mobike. Apparently Priyanka wanted to reign in the actor's adventurous spirit. A friend of the family told us, \"Vivek was very fond of riding on the bike. He was also very fond of speeding up on it, something which stressed Priyanka. She then insisted on the actor to sell the bike and travel safely. Although Vivek didn't like the idea too much but finally he gave in to wifey's demands and sold his bike.\"Personally Vivek may have lost one of his sweethearts, professionally the year seems to be a good one for Vivek where he sees not one, but two releases in a few month's time. The first is with Mallika Sherawat titled, Kismat Love Paisa Dilli and Jayantabhai Ki Love Story . Interestingly the two films are also releasing on the same day.Vivek is also shooting for four more films and has now taken taken a break from endless shooting schedules. Vivek and Priyanka have now gone on a vacation and to visit his in-laws in Bangalore. Here the actor and his wife will bond with family and relax at home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15411624", "title": "Group, corporate farming will help tide over difficulties: Experts", "text": "NAGPUR: Indian agriculture has failed to reach its full potential or offer due benefits to the agriculturists of the nation. This is especially true for Vidarbha region which is yet to realize the immense potential of crops like orange, cotton and soyabean among others, believe experts. To improve this situation, processing the raw produce of the farms and group farming can prove to be of immense help, they say.As a three-day seminar on agro processing industry, focusing on ways of processing oranges, organized jointly by Indo-Israel Krushi Vikas Sanstha, state agriculture department , National Research Centre for Citrus, Maharashtra State Horticulture and Medicinal Plants Board, Pune began on Wednesday. In numerous sessions over the next two days, the participants of the seminar will be told about innovative ways in which their produce can be enhanced, the process of acquiring loans and the art of marketing these products. On the last day, the participants will also be attending a session on wine making.\"As of today, there are no processing units run by the farmers in the region. We have tried to keep a wide array of options in front of the participants. They can choose any of them to get trained, which will also be provided by us. Banks like State Bank of India (SBI) and Bank of India (BoI) have also extended support to us, promising to forward loans to farmers wishing to set up processing units in less time,\" said chairman of Indo-Israel Krishi Vikas Sanstha Sunil Mankikar, who proudly terms himself as a progressive farmer.Former chairman of the Agricultural Scientists Recruitment Board CD Mayee, who was a special guest for the seminar, believed that it was a good opportunity for the participating farmers to interact with researchers, agriculture experts and bankers on the same platform and to learn about the processing industry. \"The problem with Vidarbha is that we are still stuck with primary agriculture. Farmers from the region need to come together and form commodity-oriented groups, which would be akin to moving to the next stage,\" he said.Many others supported this idea including Ajit Korde, zonal manager of BoI. \"In developed countries, food processing is a huge industry as a single farmer owns a huge stretches of land. Though the industry is a billion dollar one in India too, it would not make sense with individual land holdings being so small in area. That is why group farming means more profit for every associate,\" he said. The Reserve bank of India having identified agricultural processing as a small scale industry rather than an allied activity means every farmer can be an entrepreneur, he added.Director of National Research Centre for Citrus VJ Shivankar also said that the feeling of entrepreneurship among farmers from the region is negligible. \"The increased monetary gains coming from the value addition will help us tide over several difficulties associated with the region,\" he said. Joint director of agriculture of Nagpur division JC Bhutada agreed saying that the region is blessed with high quality soil, varying rainfalls over different parts of the region and hard working farmers which has meant that Vidarbha never has had a drought. \"With such blessings, nothing should come between us and progress, if we set our hearts to it,\" he told the farmers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15413133", "title": "Govt to inquire into IT habitat land allotment", "text": "PORVORIM: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Wednesday told the assembly that the government would initiate an inquiry into the allotment of land at Rajiv Gandhi IT habitat at Dona Paula.Praising the government for cancelling the allotment, BJP Sanquelim MLA Pramod Sawant said those responsible for the allotment should not go unpunished. Agreeing, Parrikar who is also IT minister, said no rules and regulations were followed while allotting plots and described it as a fraud.He stated the government will refund the amount paid by the allottees in a year's time though the provision in the bill is within a maximum period of ten years. Repayment will not be a big problem as the government will receive money after the plots are reallotted, Parrikar said.Responding to Congress Dabolim MLA Mauvin Godinho that some allottees might seek recourse from the court and derail the process of setting up the IT habitat, the chief minister said the government was prepared to face such an eventuality.The Goa Rajiv Gandhi I T Habitat-cancellation/abolition and regulation of allotment of plots bill, 2012 that empowers the government to take over the plots and revoke the allotment made 5-6 years ago and to go for fresh auction of the plots, was then passed.Info tech corporation of Goa (ITCG), had allotted 18 plots in 2006 and 2007 when Dayanand Narvekar was IT minister and also heading the corporation. Residents of Taleigao led by local MLA Atanasio (Babush) Monserrate had opposed the IT habitat saying it was a real estate park instead of IT park.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15414219", "title": "How a Congress politician plots for prime property", "text": "NEW DELHI: Here is a curious case of a Congress politician from west Delhi first pleading for a huge plot of premier land to be acquired by the government, then asking for some of the acquired land to be denotified, and his brother ending up in possession of the denotified land. The land, located in Dwarka, is roughly the size of half a football field. Real estate dealers estimate its value at anywhere between Rs 70-100 crore.Congress MP from West Delhi and four-time MLA Mahabal Mishra first persuaded the Delhi government to acquire a plot of land measuring 15 bigha and nine biswa adjacent to Pocket-6, Sector-1, DDA flats in Dwarka (Nasirpur). Later he changed his stand and persuaded the government to denotify a part of this land measuring five bighas and four biswas (about 5,400 sq yard) despite all the concerned government departments and agencies -- DDA, land and building department and law department -- opposing this move. Interestingly, Mishra moved applications for denotification only after the said patch of land was \"bought\" by his brother Heera Mishra.It's a long story that dates back to 2000 and is replete with allegations of cheques worth crores of rupees bouncing, letters being forged and politicians working the system to their benefit.Records available with TOI show that Mishra spoke about the government's need to acquire the 15 bigha and nine biswa patch at a DDA meeting held on February 9, 2000. At that time, Mishra was an MLA and also a member of DDA. On August 9, 2002, DDA's commissioner (land management) U S Jolly wrote to the Delhi government's then land and building secretary Prakash Kumar that instructions be issued to acquire the land. But nothing moved for a good four years.In the meantime, Mishra's brother Heera Mishra, a realtor, approached those who owned a plot measuring five bighas and four biswas which was part of the land proposed to be acquired. He struck a deal and a document of sale of property was signed stating that the registry would be done after full payment.Heera Mishra paid post-dated cheques to the property owners and the sellers took a no objection certificate (NOC) for registering the property. These cheques, the original owners of the land allege, subsequently bounced. Hence, they say, the deal fell through and the registration of the 'sale' never happened.Copies of the letters available with TOI shows that on July 11, 2011 Heera Mishra wrote to DDA deputy director that he had bought the land on general power of attorney (GPA) and the land owners had \"handed over peacefully possession\" to him in February 2006.Only three months after Mishra had \"bought\" the land, government issued a section-4 notification - intent to acquire the land for public purpose (Dwarka phase-I under planned development). After three subsequent notifications, government completed the acquisition process.But during this period when the process of government taking possession was on, Mahabal wrote two letters to Lt Governor Tejinder Khanna and the divisional commissioner in March 2008 requesting them to denotify part of the acquired land. Mishra wrote that the three land owners were \"poor\" farmers and he knew them well, and had received a representation from them asking for the land to be denotified.The fact is that one of the land owners, Karan Singh Solanki, is a retired Army colonel, another (Satbir Singh) a retired scientist from Pusa and the third (Jagat Singh) was a retired bank manager. Also, all three had alleged that the letters purportedly written by them were forgeries.In April 2009, the land acquisition collector/ deputy commissioner (South-West district) took physical possession of the land and handed it over to DDA. But Mishra kept writing letters to officials concerned to persuade them to denotify the land. The letters referred to a RTI reply that said acquisition of a \"very small\" piece of land wouldn't cover the interest of any government agency and pleaded to save the \"needy family\" and invoked the \"interest of farmers\".Mishra also wrote letters in September 2009 after he was elected to Lok Sabha. After several letters from him, the LG's office forwarded the case to the denotification committee. When the matter was referred to DDA, the authority in its response wrote to the land and building department on August 13, 2009 saying denotification could not be recommended. It said: \"Since the land in question for denotification has already been notified and award has also been announced and physical possession of the five bigha and three biswa has been handed over to DDA and physical possession of remaining land i.e. 0-1 biswa will be handed over to DDA after removal of existing structures, therefore under the circumstances explained, the land under reference cannot be recommended for denotification.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15412390", "title": "Water woes for Kolkata\u2019s landmark buildings", "text": "KOLKATA: Drinking water may soon turn scarce in the city's landmark buildings, including the Assembly House, Akashvani Bhawan, Netaji Indoor Stadium, Victoria Memorial and SSKM hospital. These buildings are either devoid of piped water or have far from adequate supply of it.The Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) has been able to supply piped water to Assembly House, SSKM hospital and Akashvani Bhawan to an extent which hardly meets drinking water requirement. Netaji Indoor Stadium is yet to get filtered water. Kolkata's only cultural complex at Rabindra Sadan, housing Nandan, Academy of Fine Arts and Rabindra Sadan, is also devoid of filtered water. Instead, these buildings depend on ground water.Scarcity of filtered water in Assembly House was made public recently, after speaker Biman Bandyopadhyay asked the civic authorities to provide adequate filtered water, while the assembly was in session. A survey by KMC engineers revealed that the solitary pipeline, which supplies filtered water to the building, has only a 25mm ferrule. After calculating the need of filtered water in the assembly building, a note was sent to the KMC seeking supply of 50 kilo litres water every day.\"Supply of filtered water is inadequate mainly because of the minor pipeline. We are trying to raise the supply of filtered water to Assembly House,\" a senior official of the KMC water supply department said. Similarly, the Akashvani Bhawan authorities desperately want filtered water because of the threat of contamination to groundwater. Mayor Sovan Chatterjee said that efforts are on to enhance filtered water supply to Assembly House and its adjoining buildings. \"We plan to supply filtered water to the Assembly House and other vital installations adjacent to it. Primarily, we have decided to increase supply to Assembly House,\" Chatterjee said.However, the KMC water supply department must enhance the supply of filtered water to SSKM hospital, which needs more than 300 kilo litres of potable water daily. The hospital gets less than 100 kilo litres filtered water supply from the civic body. The rest is drawn from a big-diar tube well sunk inside the hospital complex. However, with an arsenic threat in the vicinity, the hospital authorities have applied for more filtered water.The situation is the same at Nandan. Thousands of visitors, who frequent this cultural complex, actually drink groundwater.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15414987", "title": "Kesco unable to replace damaged transformer", "text": "KANPUR: The claims of Kanpur Electricity Supply Company (Kesco) of attending faults occurring in transformers at a short notice fell flat when the denizens of Khapra Mohal locality had to spend powerless night on Tuesday. The 400 KVA transformer installed in this locality went out of order and even after 16 hours of occurrence of the fault, the Kesco staff could not repair the same. The locals of Khapra Mohal locality informed that the fault in the transformer occured at around 10 pm on Tuesday and it was since then there was no electricity in the area. Even at the time of filling of this report there was no power in the area. The locals asserted that despite several complaints made, the Kesco staff did not turn up.The worst hit were the 'Rozedars' who had to open their fast in candle light. In the local Masjid of the area the 'Namaz' was offered in emergency lights. As there was no power, scarcity of water also prevailed.AKS Chauhan, Superintending Engineer and media spokesperson of Kesco said that the similar capacity transformer was not available in the warehouse room as a result of, which the damaged transformer could not be replaced. But when questioned when would the power be restored in Khapra Mohal locality, the Kesco official said that efforts were going on to do the needful.Meanwhile, not only Khapra Mohal locality, several other localities remained powerless for hours other than the rostering done by Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL) from Lucknow end. Such localities include Shankaracharya Nagar, Yashoda Nagar, Barra in Kanpur South, Kalyanpur, Panki etc to name a few.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15412163", "title": "Corrupt foreign babus face heat", "text": "NEW DELHI: Government will bring certain amendments in the bill, which seeks to criminalize the act of corruption by foreign public officials including diplomats, making it more stringent by including intangible and non-pecuniary advantages as forms of offence and prescribing a timeframe for investigations of such bribery cases in the proposed legislation.The amendments, which also include making the definition of non-citizens who come under the purview of the proposed law broader, will come up for approval before the Union Cabinet in its next meeting.Once the Cabinet gives its nod to these changes, the government will bring the amendments during the ongoing Monsoon session of Parliament.The pending bill covers both bribe giving and bribe taking by foreign officials as offence that would attract punishment of up to seven years along with fine. It also has provision for declaring the offences as \"extraditable\" so that India can seek extradition of corrupt foreign officials.Besides diplomats working for Embassies or High Commissions, officials working in international organizations like UN bodies come under the purview of the Bill \u2014 Prevention of Bribery of Foreign Public Officials and Officials of Public International Organizations Bill, 2011 \u2014 that was introduced in Lok Sabha in March, 2011.An official, privy to the proposed amendments, said that intangible and non-pecuniary favours would be included as forms of offence by making changes in the definition of undue advantage in the pending legislation that allows the government to strip diplomats involved in the corruption of their immunity.He said that the move to prescribe a timeframe for investigations would bring \"desired deterrent effect\" on wrongdoers. The proposed changes seek to specify a timeframe that can be extended, if necessary, for reasons to be recorded in writing, he added.These changes were recommended by the Parliamentary Standing Committee on Law and Justice which in its report earlier this year had expressed that the exclusion of intangible and non-pecuniary advantages from the scope of expression undue advantage would unnecessarily and unjustifiably narrow down the scope and coverage of the proposed law.For making the definition of non-citizen broader, it is proposed that the clause 1(2)(d) of the existing bill can be reformulated by adding \"who is not a citizen of India and has his principal place of business or permanent residence in India\" in the existing clause.India has in place a framework for combating corruption among public officials under the Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988, but the bribery of foreign public officials is not covered under it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15411781", "title": "Minibus crash leads to 11-hour power cut", "text": "PUNE: Many areas in Warje suffered a power cut lasting 11 hours after a minibus crashed into two feeder pillars on the NDA road around 2 am on Wednesday.The Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited has filed a complaint at the Warje police station in the matter.A statement issued by the distribution company said that a minibus crashed into two high and low tension feeder pillars which resulted in snapping of major supply lines to nine transformers. The areas that suffered a blackout include Tapovan, Brahmachaitanya, PMT society and Warje area. The distribution company suffered a damage to the tune of Rs 93,000, the statement said.The distribution company said that since a high tension supply line was broken, the affected areas could not be supplied power from another route. The repair works were completed by 1 pm and power supply was restored.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15412615", "title": "Shinde to consult CMs on NCTC", "text": "NEW DELHI: Hinting at his approach to deal with controversial matters, including the proposed anti-terror body NCTC, new Union home minister Sushilkumar Shinde will shortly write to all the CMs seeking their suggestions on how to deal with internal security challenges in a coordinated manner.An elaborate note to get states' view has been prepared even as Shinde recalled from the Cabinet Secretariat the revised plan of the National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC) for another round of review.Facing strong opposition from several CMs to the earlier proposal of the counter-terror body, the home ministry under then home minister P Chidambaram had prepared a revised plan for implementing the project and sent it to the Cabinet Secretariat for presentation before the Cabinet Committee on Security (CCS).The move to recall this revised draft by Shinde comes amid indication that the government is not going to operationalize the central anti-terror body in a hurry as officials, who had been pitching for it under Chidambaram, hinted that they now expect another round of consultations before sending it to the CCS.\"The note which is to be sent to states by Shinde, however, does not cover the contentious counter-terror body alone. The home minister intends to seek chief ministers' opinion on a whole gamut of issues concerning internal security,\" said a senior official.Recalling the plan of the country's premier anti-terror agency assumes significance in view of what Shinde had expressed immediately after assuming the charge on August 1.Asked whether he would go ahead with the plan to set up NCTC, he had said that he would first like to talk to the states. \"I am open. Let me talk to the states also. I have to talk and get cooperation from all. This country belongs to the states,\" he had said, adding there was a need to plug the gaps in ties between states and the Centre.\"The new home minister has to be briefed on this proposed body. So, the proposal has been brought back. It will be sent to CCS only after he examines it properly,\" a senior official said.The revised plan suggests that NCTC will be kept out of the ambit of the Intelligence Bureau and will be an independent entity directly reporting to the home ministry. Besides, the anti-terror body will conduct operations on its own only under exceptional circumstances or in rare cases.The revised plan was prepared after the Centre faced strong opposition to NCTC from chief ministers, including from UPA ally Mamata Banerjee. Others who opposed it include CMs like Naveen Patnaik (Odisha), J Jayalalithaa (Tamil Nadu) and Narendra Modi (Gujarat) among others. They alleged NCTC armed with such sweeping powers will hurt the federal structure of the country.Under the earlier plan for this body which was notified by the government in February, the Multi-Agency Centre and the operations wing of the Intelligence Bureau were to be subsumed into the NCTC having powers to arrest, search and seizures in terror-related operations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15412133", "title": "Mandatory clinical trials for herbal drugs soon", "text": "NEW DELHI: India, which has now jumped to the second spot after China as the leading exporter of herbal products, will soon make it mandatory for all new traditional medicines to undergo clinical trials before hitting the market.This will include only the new patented drugs and not the classical formulations that find mention in India's ancient texts, some of which are 5,000 years old.Till now, there has been no formal protocol on how traditional drugs should be tested for safety.Besides, the Drug Controller General of India (DCGI) has no expertise to handle herbal medicines.The department of AYUSH (Ayurveda, Unani, Siddha and Homeopathy) is now pushing a proposal to have two separate drug controller generals - one for allopathic medicine and another for traditional medicine.The Expenditure Finance Committee has also approved creation of Central Drug Controller for AYUSH drugs. There are around 10,000 ASU (Ayurveda, Siddha and Unani) drugs' manufacturing units in the country.Latest figure shows in 2010 exports of AYUSH and herbal products stood at $790 million as against $1,329 million for China.Secretary AYUSH Anil Kumar said on Wednesday, \"Till now, it was never felt necessary to check the standard of ASU drugs as most of them were part of ancient Indian texts with their benefits proven for hundreds of years. However, now we are going in for strict enforcement of quality and safety of herbal drugs. We will soon make it mandatory for all new patented herbal medicines to undergo human trials before they are introduced in the market.\"Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad recently said, \"To ensure the quality and standards of ASU medicines and effective enforcement of the provisions of the Drugs &amp; Cosmetic Act, the Ayurveda, Siddha and Unani Drugs Consultative Committee (ASUDCC) recommended creation of separate drug controllers for ASU drugs. It will facilitate the increased acceptability of Ayurveda, Unani, Siddha and Homoeopathy medicines within the country and abroad.\"Quality of India's herbal drugs has always been in question, especially in the Western countries. According to European Union's Traditional Herbal Medicinal Products Directive (THMPD), companies making herbal products will have to provide clinical data to demonstrate its safety through use of those products within the EU for a minimum of 30 or 15 years within the EU, and 30 years outside the Union.AYUSH, however, has asked the EU to change the clause into 30 years of use anywhere in the world or country of origin.According to data compiled by Pharmexcil from UN Comtrade, the export of India and China in 2010 was $790.56 million and $1329.72 million, respectively, out of total global export of $7592.08 million (for 165 countries). This pertains to export of medicinal plants, herbs and value-added products like extracts including essential oils, gums and resins.Kumar said the strength of AYUSH system lies in preventive and promotive healthcare, diseases and health conditions relating to women and children, non-communicable diseases, stress management, palliative care and rehabilitation.\"AYUSH has very little side-effect, has a soft environmental footprint and is engrained in local temperament. Its huge resource of hospitals beds (62,000), and health workers (7.85 lakhs) need to be efficiently utilized,\" Kumar added.The department is also looking at putting together a composite National Essential Drug List containing both allopathic and AYUSH medicines. Clinical management protocols or a \"Joint behavior change plan\" incorporating AYUSH-based lifestyle guidelines for adolescent health, geriatric care, mental health, non-communicable diseases, anemia and nutrition are also being developed.\"Standardization of classical formulations, AYUSH therapies and yoga practices are being given due focus,\" steering committee on health said.The department estimates that there are around a million village-based, traditional AYUSH community health workers who possess knowledge related to various streams like midwifery, primary healthcare and bone setting. There are also more than 100 million households that possess knowledge of home remedies, ethnic foods and nutrition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15410570", "title": "Heavy showers bring down rain deficit", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Eight of the state's 30 districts have received less than normal rainfall this monsoon even though heavy downpour in the last three days brought down the state's overall deficit rainfall from 11% to 4% on Tuesday. The state has received 635.8 mm rainfall so far this monsoon against a normal of 609.3 mm.According to records available with the met office here, rainfall deficit is highest in Balasore district (41%) followed by Deogarh (37%) and Bhadrak (32%). The other districts receiving deficient rains are Jagatsinghpur (30%), Jajpur (25%), Kendrapada (23%), Malkangiri and Gajapati (22% each).Deficient rainfall has affected agriculture in the state. Sources said kharif agriculture coverage in the state stood at 34 lakh so far compared to last year's 37 lakh.\"We are little behind in kharif coverage compared to last year. Deficient rainfall has affected agriculture to some extent in four districts - Balasore, Bhadrak, Kendrapada and Keonjhar. But we are still hopeful to meet the kharif target. We will get a clear picture by the end of August,\" director of agriculture and food production, R S Gopalan, said. He said transplantation has started in Balasore and Keonjhar after the recent rain caused by low pressure. The government has taken every step for smooth supply of seeds and fertilizer to farmers, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "athens", "code": "15410773", "title": "IM Debashish joint 2nd in World Junior Chess Championship", "text": "ATHENS: International Master Debashish Das continued his dream run at the World Junior Chess Championship as he beat GM Robin van Kampen of Holland in the sixth round on Wednesday.With his fifth victory in six games, IM Das elevated himself to joint second spot on five points out of a possible six and will next meet second seed Yu Yangyi of China. The Indian is now also looking at his maiden GM norm which is within striking distance.Alexander Ipatov of Turkey grabbed the sole lead defeating Nils Grandelius of Sweden . The Turk took his tally to 5.5 points and now enjoys a half point lead over nearest rivals including Debashish Das.Double GM norm holder Sahaj Grover missed out on his chances and played out a draw with German IM Matthias Bluebaum.Wei Yi of China fought back from a lost position and defeated Grandmaster-in-waiting M Shyam Sundar while Diptayan Ghosh could not match the skills of Antonios Pavlidis of Greece and went down fighting.GM Tal Baron of Israel spoiled the party of Nishant Malhotra who is playing the tournament of his life. In the sixth round too, Malhotra fought with the Grandmaster on an even keel and only a mistake in mutual time pressure proved costly for the youngster.Lower down, P Shyam Nikil scored his second successive victory at the expense of Scotland's Slement Sreeves, Anwesh Upadhyaya was held to a draw by Dmytro Kigel of Ukraine while National junior champion Aravindh Chithambaram outplayed Benjamin Arvola of Norway .With seven rounds still to come, there is a lot of hard work remains for the Indians apart from Debashish Das. Sahaj Grover is on four points while Shyam Nikil, Shyam Sundar, Diptayan Ghosh and Nishant Mahotra are on 3.5 points. Anwesh Upadhyaya and Aravindh Chithambaram have three points apiece.In the girls' section, Bhakti Kulkarni raised hopes after winning against Maria Nevioselaya of Belarus . On a good day for Indian girls, Pon N Krithika also won at the expense of Iselin-Amanda Lolici of Romania and Ivana Maria Furtado split the point with Italian girl Elisa Chiarion.The lead in this section is held by Irina Bulmaga of Romania on five points while Bhakti Kulkarni jumped to four points after her exploits in round six.IM Das played the Sicilian defence as black and faced initially troubles as Van Kampen was better prepared. The Dutch got a huge advantage in the middle game but misplayed it as the game progressed.It was around the end of first time control that Das found an aesthetic rook sacrifice to rip apart white's king position and soon Van Kampen was on the defensive.There were few more errors from both side but Das had huge psychological advantage at this point. Van Kampen also ended up commiting the last mistake in the endgame and resigned when Das threatened to march his pawn to glory.Important and Indian results round 6 (Indians unless specified): Yu Yangyi (Chn, 5) drew with Ter-Sahakyan Samvel (Arm, 5); Nils Grandelius (Swe, 4.5) lost to Alexander Ipatov (Tur, 5.5); Salem A R Saleh (Uae, 4.5) drew with Ding Liren (Chn, 4); Karen Grigoryan (Arm, 5) beat Yaroslav Zherebukh (Ukr, 4); Richard Rapport (Hun, 5) beat Jorge Cori (Per, 4); Andreas Heimann (4) lost to Aleksandr Shimanov (Rus, 5); Robin Van Kampen (Ned, 3.5) lost to Debashis Das (5); Sahaj Grover (4) drew with Matthias Bluebaum (Ger, 4); Zhou Yang-Fan (Aus, 4) drew with Conrad Holt (Eng, 4); Grigoriy Oparin (4.5) beat Rhys Ryan Griffiths (Irl, 3.5); Wei Yi (Chn, 4.5) beat M Shyam Sundar (3.5); Diptayan Ghosh (3.5) lost to Antonios Pavlidis (Gre, 4.5); Tal Baron (Isr, 4.5) beat Nishant Malhotra (3.5); Slement Sreeves (Sco, 2.5) lost to P Shyam Nikil (3.5); Anwesh Upadhyaya (3) drew with Dmytro Kigel (Ukr, 3); Aravindh Chithambaram (3) beat Benjamin Arvola (Nor, 2).Girls: Jovana Vojinovic (Mne, 4.5) drew with Anastasia Bodnaruk (Rus, 4.5); Aleksandra Goryachkina (Rus, 4.5) drew with Alina Kashlinskaya (Rus, 4.5); Irina Bulmaga (Rou, 5) beat Hanna-Marie Klek (Ger, 4); Klaudia Kulon (Pol, 4.5) drew with Guo Qi (Chn, 4.5); Arabidze Meri (Geo, 4) drew with Nastassia Ziaziulkina (Blr, 4); Irina Petrova (Ukr, 3.5) lost to Deysi Cori (Per, 4.5); Dominyka Batkovskyte (Ltu, 3.5) lost to Andrea Paula Rodriguez Rueda (Col, 4.5); Bhakti Kulkarni (4) beat Maria Nevioselaya (Blr, 3); Pon N Krithika (3) beat Iselin-Amanda Lolici (Rou, 2); Elisa Chiarion (Ita, 2.5) drew with Ivana Maria Furtado (2.5).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "15416674", "title": "US court issues summons for CM Badal for rights violations", "text": "JALANDHAR: A District Court of US has issued Summons for visiting Punjab Chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal, who is currently visiting US, on the charges of police custodial torture and shielding the Police officers, DGP Sumedh Saini and others who are responsible for the extra judicial killings and continuous human rights violations, on a lawsuit filed by Sikhs For Justice (SFJ), a human rights advocacy group and Shiromani Akali Dal SAD (Amritsar) and \"individual victims of police torture\".The summons for Badal have been issued by District Court for the Eastern District of Wisconsin on August 8 giving him 21 days to answer the charges of torture, practice of impunity to the police officers responsible for extrajudicial killings and continuous human rights violations of Sikhs in the State of Punjab in India.SFJ legal advisor Gurpatwant Singh Pannun informed that the lawsuit against Badal seeks jury trial and certification of 'Class\" consisting of individuals who have ever been tortured during Badal regime.The petition has alleged that during Badal's tenure (from 1997 to 2002 and from 2007 till date) there have been several hundred cases of extrajudicial killings, police tortures and human rights violations but not even a single police officer in charge and responsible for the extra judicial killings has been investigated or prosecuted by Badal administration.The petition has also pointed out Punjab DGP Sumedh Saini's appointment as Punjab DGP to buttress its allegations against Badal while holding that despite overwhelming evidence available against Saini for his role in torture and extrajudicial killings of Sikhs in Badal Government has promoted him instead of prosecuting him.It has also cited recent killings of Jaspal Singh in 2012, Sohan Singh in 2011, Shaminder Singh Shera in 2011 and Darshan Singh in 2009. Pannun said that Badal was not only protecting the past acts of police torture and extrajudicial killings committed between 1984-1997 but also continuing with blatant human rights violations and acts of torture by the police and other security forces under his command.Three activists of SAD (Amritsar) Jeet Singh, his wife Gurdeep Kaur and Jagtar Singh are also among the petitioners alleging that they were tortured in police custody at various times duirng Badal's regimes in Punjab.The lawsuit against Chief Minister of the State of Punjab Badal has been filed under Alien Tort Claims Act (ATCA) and The Torture Victim Protection Act (TVPA) based on the defendant authorized, commanded, or directed the unlawful acts of the security forces and Punjab Police operating under his command and authority.Justifying filing of the lawsuit Panun said that seeking relief under the ATCA and TVPA was motivated by an interest in seeking some form of justice for hundreds of victims who were killed extra judicially and have suffered torture during the tenure of Badal as Punjab CM. \"The lawsuit will raise awareness to the international community regarding the torture and extrajudicial killings of Sikhs in the state of Punjab, India by the security forces and will send a strong message to political leaders that they will not be able to visit United States without being answerable to the International laws and the Courts for their role in gross human rights violations.\" added attorney Pannun.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "on tuesday, amitabh bachchan's congratulatory tweet on indian boxer mc mary kom's win in the quarter finals at the olympics turned into bachchan-bashing online. bachchan, who has an active presence on his microblogging site, posted", "code": "15417048", "title": "Amitabh Bachchan\u2019s online geography blunder", "text": "On Tuesday, Amitabh Bachchan's congratulatory tweet on Indian boxer MC Mary Kom's win in the quarter finals at the Olympics turned into Bachchan-bashing online. Bachchan, who has an active presence on his microblogging site, posted: \"T 828 - Mary Kom !! wins her boxing bout, insured a Bronze! What a story ! A Mother of two from Assam, creates moment of pride for India !\" Even though Big B was quick to apologize, Big B's detractors were quicker to point out that Mary Kom belongs to Manipur, not Assam.Here's what the Twitterati had to say about the error:Seems like you celebrities have zero geographical knowledge about your own country. #sigh- Aveek BorahIts something people from entire NE have been facing since times. I remember an instance in Chennai when a telecom call center attendant asked me whether Assam is a part of India.- Nikhil DebbarmaThats what happens when you let a PR company tweet for you. -Rohn AbheekBig B shud not set an example like this...What will little Aaradhya learn? He should take Geography lessons. - Vijay Singh At least China nahi bola :D:D- Sunandita DasguptaPlease take Geography lessons Big B and all Bollywood celebs who can't differentiate Assam from Manipur and Nagaland from Tripura.- Vinay GuptaPerhaps because the \"COMPUTER MAHASHAY\" was not there in front of him. - Nagra Basumatary", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15412109", "title": "Infiltration bogey to dilute India's worst humanitarian crisis: Jamiat", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Jamiat Ulama-i-Hind (JuH), largest body of Muslim clerics, on Wednesday said some political parties were raising the bogey of infiltration from Bangladesh in riot-hit lower Assam to dilute the gravity of the \"worst humanitarian crisis in free India\".As fresh violence erupted in Assam, Muslim organizations led by JuH protested in Delhi against Assam riots, where 73 people were killed and about four lakh rendered homeless since July 18.\"Never before have so many people been displaced and living as refugees in camps in independent India. What is the government doing?\" asked Madani.Assam was rocked by riots several times in the past. \"Not just Muslims, linguistic minorities have been attacked and tortured in Assam in the past,\" said Madani.Slamming BJP for its attempts to divide Muslims and non-Muslims, Madani said, \"BJP does this every time Muslims are attacked. In Gujarat, they say Muslims are Pakistanis while in Assam the BJP labels them as Bangladeshi infiltrators. If Bangladeshi infiltrators have been coming in, what did L K Advani as Union home minister do to check it?\"Infiltration was definitely an issue in Assam. \"But, that can be raised in other forums. Why raise the infiltration issue when lakhs are suffering?\" asked Madani.He demanded the government expedite updating National Register of Citizens so that Indian Muslims are not harassed. In a 12-point charter of demands submitted to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , JuH demanded the Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC) in Assam be dissolved or non-Bodo communities included in it.They also demanded rehabilitation and compensation of all riot victims. \"The government must ensure they return home safely,\" said Madani. Victims of earlier bouts of violence, in 1993 and 1996, for instance, are still languishing in refugee camps. \"Their land and homes were usurped by Bodo chauvinists,\" the JuH spokesperson said.Muslim leaders demanded the Army and security forces seize illegal arms and ammunition from surrendered members of Bodoland Liberation Tigers (BLT), NDFB and other militant groups and also licenced arms from civilians.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15413195", "title": "Ex-journalist ready for another confession", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Former journalist and accused in the Sadiq Jamal Mehtar encounter case - Ketan Tirodkar expressed a wish to give a statement before the judicial magistrate under section 164 of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC).Once a statement is recorded under section 164 of CrPC, before a judicial magistrate by an accused, it amounts to a confession and cannot be taken back. If the statement is withdrawn, the accused shall be punished.In his application to the chief judicial magistrate of CBI court on July 25, Tirodkar stated, \"I am committed to stand by the CBI in their endeavour to find the truth and hence want to make a statement, to the magistrate, under section 164 of CrPC.\" He requested the court to facilitate the process. In this plea, he also expressed \"deep gratitude to the CBI team for gentle treatment\" during his custodial interrogation last month.The CBI court sought CBI's reply on the issue. However, when produced before the court on Wednesday, Tirodkar asked the court for more time stating that he wanted to consult his lawyer. The next hearing in this regard has been scheduled for August 22.Tirodkar was imprisoned on orders passed by the MCOCA court after he filed an affidavit in 2003 admitting to his involvement in handing over custody of the Bhavnagar youth to Gujarat police at the behest of Mumbai's encounter specialist Daya Nayak on January 11, 2003. He also filed an affidavit before the Gujarat high court in this regard.On the basis of his revelations, Sadiq's brother Shabbir Jamal sought a CBI probe, and the HC ordered so last year. The CBI kept summoning Tirodkar for over six months, and when he appeared before the HC, he was arrested in this case.Tirodkar did not even object to the CBI's remand application. He has maintained that he has been persevering since 2003 to secure the convictions of the culprits in this case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15412612", "title": "Jail's own farms to spur chapathi, chicken dish business", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: People returning with disappointed faces from the chapathi outlet at the Poojapura Central Prison is a common sight these days.The unit's most popular dish, the chicken curry, gets sold out in no time.The prison authorities have now come out with a solution to this problem. They have set up six new poultry farms on the premises of the Nettukaltheri Open Prison in the outskirts of the city. The poultry farms, each having a capacity to raise 500 chickens, has been set up under a government aid of Rs 4 lakh.Home minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan inaugurated the farms during the golden jubilee celebrations of the Open Prison on Wednesday.Prison superintendent B Pradeep said the sale of chapathis and chicken curry made at the Poojapura jail had witnessed a boom with the recent food poisoning scare.\"The launch of the two mobile units that sold chapathis and curries also resulted in the increase in sale. With the new poultry farms being set up, we expect to meet the demands of the customers within a few months,\" he said.However, he added that there won't be any reduction in the price of the chicken curry sold.The prison authorities had a week ago, hiked the price of the chicken curry from Rs 20 to Rs 25 as the Kerala Poultry Development Corporation (KEPCO) increased the price of the chicken.\"Earlier we used to get dressed chicken from KEPCO for Rs 119. After the price rise we are getting the same for Rs 135. But, the marginal increase in price we brought about is not sufficient to make up for the loss. It is here, the new poultry farms at Nettukaltheri will come to our aid,\" said the superintend.Besides the poultry farms, two check dams that will help improve irrigation within the prison premises, a medicinal plantation farm, a concrete bricks manufacturing unit, M-sand manufacturing unit and brick manufacturing unit were also inaugurated on Wednesday.Minister for water resources P J Joseph, minister for animal husbandry K P Mohanan, DGP (prisons) Alexander Jacob and Parassala MLA A T Joy attended the ceremony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15413221", "title": "High intensity rain continues to lash Dakshina Kannada", "text": "MANGALORE: High intensity rain lashed several parts of the Dakshina Kannada District on Wednesday causing flooding in low lying areas in many parts of the district.While, Moodbidri recorded 65 mm of rainfall at 1 pm, Panaje in Puttur taluk recorded 52 mm in 15 minutes between 3.15 and 3.30 pm. Sullia recorded 54 mm of rainfall in 15 minutes from 3.45 pm.Subrahmanya which witnessed nearly 20 hour of block due to submersion of a low water bridge connecting the religious place to Uppinangady on Tuesday, was free from trouble on Wednesday, but water was still one feet below the bridge. Rains were normal lacking the intensity which was seen on Tuesday. The region received widespread, heavy to very heavy rains.While Mangalore received the highest rainfall of 64.3 mm, Puttur taluk received the least of 48 mm. The rest of the taluks is as follows: Bajpe airport (59.1), Bantwal (61.2), Sullia (53) and Uppinangady in Belthangady taluk received 40 mm of rainfall. The water level in Nethravathi was 8.1 mts, danger level being 8.5 mts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15412425", "title": "TB screening must for Indians visiting UK after August 16", "text": "NEW DELHI: Visiting the United Kingdom (UK) for more than six months after August 16?If so, you will have to undergo screening for tuberculosis \u2014 the deadly air-borne disease that kills 1,000 Indians per day with one in six deaths reported from 15-49 age group.India is among an additional 67 countries to which pre-entry TB screening will be required.The list was prepared in conjunction with the World Health Organization's latest figures for high TB incidence and includes India's neighbouring countries like China, Bhutan, Afghanistan, Nepal and Burma . Malaysia, Indonesia, the Philippines and Hong Kong also figure in the list.A phased introduction of pre-entry TB screening will begin on August 16 for UK settlement visa applications in India. All settlement applications from this date will have to be accompanied by a TB clearance certificate.The screening requirement will be extended to applications for UK work visas (Tiers 1, 2 and 5 of the points based system) from September 10 and student visas (Tier 4) from November 1.The British government on Wednesday, however, made it clear that pre-entry TB screening is only required by individuals who are traveling to the UK for more than six months.Anyone who is going to the UK for six months or less \u2014 for example on business, family or tourist visas \u2014 is not required to undergo a pre-entry TB test.India holds the dubious distinction of being the world's TB capital.The UK Border Agency has established a wide network of approved TB screening facilities across India.Applicants who require pre-entry TB screening should contact a clinician on the list to arrange an appointment. The clinician will charge a fee of Rs 1,500, which will be borne by the applicant and it covers the required diagnostic tests.Most applicants will require only a physical examination and a chest x-ray. If the results show an individual is clear of TB, the clinic will issue a certificate, which must be submitted with the UK visa application.The certificate will be returned to the applicant after the visa application has been processed. When travelling to the UK, the certificate will have to be carried in hand luggage and presented if requested on arrival at the UK airport.Some applicants may require further TB tests, including the provision of sputum samples.Anyone who is tested positive for active TB will be referred to an approved treatment facility to receive the appropriate healthcare. Treatment for TB typically takes six months, following which the person would need to be screened again to show that s/he are free of TB before applying for a UK visa afresh.The WHO's recent international guideline for the control of TB in relation to air travel \u2014 tracing passengers who sat for longer than eight hours in rows adjacent to people with pulmonary TB \u2014 may be futile and exaggerated.A British scientist who reviewed evidence from 39 studies that looked at transmission of TB during commercial air travel found that there was little risk of TB transmission linked to air journeys.Ibrahim Abubakar from the UK, who chaired the European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control's (ECDC) working group on TB and air travel, after reviewing the studies involving more than 4,328 passengers from six countries found only two studies that reported realistic evidence of transmission.Dr Abubakar reported that tracing and screening air passengers and crew who might have been exposed to a person with TB was a highly inefficient resource-intensive process.The scientist said, \"Although an airline cabin is a closed confined space, the cumulative duration of exposure is relatively short compared with households or other modes of transport where individuals might travel on the same route daily.\"Officials of India's revised TB control programme say TB can spread only if an airplane stands still for over half-an-hour after the doors have been shut, which usually does not happen. However, even if a TB patient takes a long flight, s/he will not spread the TB bacteria to others because the air inside the flight is constantly being refreshed when the plane is moving. Experts say most planes now have high-efficiency air filtration designed to trap germs bigger than 0.3 nanometres, which means it is possible to trap the TB bacterium. The cabin air is renewed over 15 times in an hour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "15413868", "title": "Bo Xilai's wife goes on trial today, but Chinese not interested", "text": "BEIJING: Ousted Communist Party leader Bo Xilai's wife, Gu Kailai, would go on trial for allegedly murdering British businessman Neil Heywood on Thursday. Reports from Hefei city, where the intermediate people's court would hear the case, said the trail is expected to be swift because the government prosecutors have obtained a statement from Gu admitting that she poisoned Heywood.But people appeared to be least interested in the case. \"It is about big and powerful people. No one will ever know the truth. Why should I bother to find out,\" said Wu Fang, a teacher. Chinese censors have blocked any mention of the trail in the media and social networking sites like Weibo sites. The official Xinhua news agency and China Central Television made no mention of the case. The Communist Party is closely watching the politically sensitive case. The government moved the case to Hefei because it did not want Bo's influence in his home city of Chongqing to impact the prosecutors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "15411564", "title": "Gr\u00e9ater Noida master plan passed by NCRPB members", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: The Noida Extension land row has cleared one more hurdle after chief ministers of NOIDAneighbouring states, who are members of NCR Planning Board, approved the Greater Noida Master Plan 2021 on Wednesday. Uttar Pradesh chief minister, Akhilesh Yadav , urban development minister, Azam Khan, and the chief secretary have also signed the master plan and sent it to Delhi for approval by the planning board.Sources in NCRPB said there are 21 members in the board and almost half of them have signed on the master plan. \"There were two options to pass the master plan after approval by the technical committee. One was through calling a meeting of members of all participating states, while the second option was by issuing a circular. The NCRPB with the consent of its members decided to approve the master plan through a circular,\" said a senior planning board official.\"All three key persons in Uttar Pradesh, including chief minister Akhilesh Yadav, urban development minister Azam Khan and the chief secretary, have given their approval. Other chief ministers of participating states Delhi, Haryana and Rajasthan gave their consent on Wednesday to pass the master plan,\" the official added.Developers in the region said that they now see a ray of hope to resolve the long pending crisis. Ajnara India group director, Vinit Gupta, said, \"We hope that by August end we will be able to resume construction work on housing projects in Noida Extension.\"\"The Greater Noida master plan is very good as it includes an appropriate proportion of everything that makes an ideal city, ranging from greenery, industries, hospitality, etc. The idea of incorporating a provision of keeping 16% of the urbanizable area as a green belt will help make a better, greener and cleaner city for the next generation,\" said Supertech director, Mohit Arora.\"This decision will improve the image of Greater Noida and its nearby region. Due to the land row, the property market looked very bleak. Not only can homebuyers breathe a sigh of relief but also the entire real estate industry,\" said Orris infrastructures managing director, Amit Gupta.\"The decision taken today has also given farmers a reason to cheer as without the master plan being passed, they cannot get developed plots in lieu of their acquired land,\" Vinit Gupta added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15414060", "title": "Pakistan swelling nuclear arsenal to counter India, says US Congressional report", "text": "WASHINGTON: Primarily aimed at India, Pakistan is making qualitative and quantitative improvements to its nuclear arsenal and \"could increase the number of circumstances under which it would be willing to use nuclear weapons,\" a Congressional report has said.\"Pakistan appears to be increasing its fissile production capability and improving its delivery vehicles in order to hedge against possible increases in India's nuclear arsenal.\"Islamabad may also accelerate its current nuclear weapons efforts,\" the independent Congressional Research Service (CRS) said in a report.In addition to making qualitative and quantitative improvements to its nuclear arsenal, Pakistan could increase the number of circumstances under which it would be willing to use nuclear weapons, the report said.In its latest report, prepared for the US lawmakers, CRS said that Pakistan's nuclear weapons program is mainly aimed to address the threat perception it has from India and thus act as a deterrent from India.\"India has stated that it needs only a \"credible minimum deterrent\", but has never defined what it means by such a deterrent and has refused to sign the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty,\" it said, adding that Pakistani officials have stated that the government may need to increase significantly its nuclear arsenal in response to possible Indian plans to do the same.Besides lowering the threshold for using nuclear weapons, Pakistan may also consider fielding non-strategic nuclear weapons in order to increase the credibility of its nuclear deterrent versus Indian conventional military operations.Dated July 23, the CRS in its report said Pakistan's nuclear arsenal probably consists of approximately 90-110 nuclear warheads, although it could be larger.\"Islamabad is producing fissile material, adding to related production facilities, and deploying additional delivery vehicles,\" it said, adding these steps could enable Pakistan to undertake both quantitative and qualitative improvements to its nuclear arsenal.\"Whether and to what extent Pakistan's current expansion of its nuclear weapons-related facilities is a response to the 2008 US-India nuclear cooperation agreement is unclear.\"Islamabad does not have a public, detailed nuclear doctrine, but its 'minimum credible deterrent' is widely regarded as designed to dissuade India from taking military action against Pakistan,\" CRS said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15412015", "title": "Vicious politics over BTC violence", "text": "GUWAHATI: The spate of violence in Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC)-administered areas of western Assam has ignited vicious politics centred around identities and demography in its jurisdiction. Amid the prevailing social tension, BTC, created under Sixth Schedule of the Constitution in 2003 when the BJP-led NDA was in power at the Centre, has become a hotly debated political discourse in the state.Perfume baron and chief of All India United Democratic Front (AIUDF) Badruddin Ajmal has, in fact, stirred a political storm by demanding dissolution of BTC on the ground that this administrative structure was against the interest of non-Bodos, who are in majority in the area.Ajmal has been repeatedly raising the demand for scrapping BTC since the outbreak of ethnic clashes between Bodos and Muslims last month. He said he discussed the issue with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh during his visit to Kokrajhar on July 28 and later with former Union home minister P Chidambaram.\"The BTC treaty was not made in the interest of majority people. It is in record that only 29 per cent of the total population in BTC are Bodos. The majority 71 per cent comprises Muslims, Adivasis, Koch Rajbongshis and people of other non-Bodo communities. Since the last two decades, Bodoland has witnessed ethnic unrest and violence between Bodos and Muslims and Bodos and Adivasis, resulting in loss of life and property,\" Ajmal said. He has even gone to the extent of equating violence in BTC to \"Israel-Palestine riots.\"This demand by Ajmal has no doubt angered the ruling class in BTC, which blamed AIUDF chief of playing divisive politics. \"Blaming each other or BTC won't solve the problem. The BTC no doubt gave the legitimate rights to the tribals, but it has also provided equal rights and privileges to non-tribals living in the area. Let there be no divisive politics on the line of Bodos and non-Bodos,\" said BTC deputy chief Kampa Borgiary.But the BTC rulers have also raked up \"Bangladeshi infiltration\" front of Assam politics in the current ethnic violence. BJP and other constituents of Sangh Parivar have gone to the extent of dubbing the present conflict as a fallout of demographic aggression from the neighbouring country.Since the 2006 assembly elections, AIUDF has been championing the cause of Bengali-speaking Muslims in the state. This is reflected in AIUDF successfully wresting out crucial Muslim-dominated constituencies from the hands of Congress in successive elections.In the 2011 assembly polls, AIUDF swept 18 Bengali-speaking Muslim dominated constituencies, transforming the party into a major opposition force in Assam politics. Harassment of Bengali-speaking Muslims as Bangladeshis, branding of people from the community as \"doubtful\" voters by the government and frequent displacement of these people due to floods and erosion of the Brahmaputra has become the party's most powerful plank to take on Congress and win the trust of the minority community.The latest turmoil in BTC, which affected a large number of Muslims, has made the AIUDF a crucial force to set the course of future politics in Assam. In one way, AIUDF, by raising voices on behalf of six lakh-odd Muslims residing in BTC and mobilizing its volunteers and the influential Assam State Jamiat Ulama (ASJU) to help rioted affected people, has notched up its acceptance level as a political party within the community manifold.The popular perception among the violence-hit Muslims people is that the Congress government has failed to provide security even after it was not the first time the community suffered due to ethnic clashes in the state. In such a situation, the community is more likely to find it closer to AIUDF for espousing and highlighting their cause.\"With the emergence of AIUDF, the Muslims, especially in Lower Assam, have been moving away from the Congress. And the way the Congress government handled the BTC violence, the Muslims are further going to feel alienated from Congress. For long, there has been growing resentment among the Muslims in Lower Assam that the community suffered most under the Congress rule,\" said political analyst and president of Char Chapori Sahitya Parishad (CCSP) Hafiz Ahmed.The ongoing rehabilitation has also opened up another political battle. If the Bodoland People's Front (BPF)-ruled BTC has alleged that extra people from relief camps were being rehabilitated in BTC, AIUDF has raised the pitched that all Muslim riot victims displaced from BTC villages should be rehabilitated.However, chief minister Tarun Gogoi made it clear on Tuesday that credentials of inmates of relief camps would be verified for rehabilitation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15414225", "title": "Sector 43 to get 300-bed government hospital", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Chandigarh will soon have a 300-bed government hospital in Sector 43 to cater to the large population of the southern sectors.The project is in lieu of the multi-crore Medicity project, which was dumped after it ran into controversy two years ago following allegations of land being given at throwaway prices.A chunk of land has been finalized near Inter-state Bus Terminus ( ISBT) and the proposed sub-city centre in the area. The UT administration had constituted a committee to finalize its nitty-gritty soon after Medicity was scrapped.Having learnt a lesson from the past, UT has decided to run the hospital instead of going in for public-private partnership (PPP) model, the way Medicity was earlier planned.A budget provision for the hospital is expected to be made in the financial estimates for the next financial year.The ambitious Medicity project finalized by the then UT administrator, Gen (retd) S F Rodrigues, was to have several firsts, including a terminal care centre to provide palliative care to terminally ill patients. As of now, there is no such facility here for patients suffering from terminal diseases. The UT administration had received 20 expressions of interest for the project and a high-powered committee, led by the UT advisor, was to take a decision on the financial bids.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15411971", "title": "7,419 cusec water released from Khadakwasla dam", "text": "PUNE: The water level in the Mutha river, which flows through the city, rose significantly on Wednesday after the irrigation department released 7,419 cusecs water from Khadakwasla dam (1 cusec = 28.317 litres per second). This is the first time since June that the irrigation department has released water more than 7,000 cusecs.Last week, Khadakwasla dam reached its maximum capacity and since then authorities have been releasing water into the Mutha river and right bank canal.According to an irrigation department official, \"On Tuesday, 468 cusecs water was released in the river. On Wednesday morning this was raised to 1,712 cusecs and by 10am, 7,419 cusecs was released. In the evening, the flow went down to 856 cusecs.\" An official said that water was released to accommodate the inflow of rainwater into Khadakwasla and that it would be 'temporary'.In addition, 1,300 cusecs of water was released into the Mutha right bank canal. This water enables the Pune Municipal Corporation to lift additional water for the city and benefits smaller towns like Daund and Indapur.The water levels in the four dams that supply water to the city have registered a significant increase in the last 15 days. Last week, the collective water storage in the four dams had reached the city's annual drinking water quota of 14 TMC.On Wednesday evening, the collective storage had swelled to 17.91 TMC (61.45% of the total capacity). Panshet dam had 63.26% water, Varasgaon 57.38% and Temghar 49.78%. Of the four dams, Temghar received the highest rainfall (30 mm) on Wednesday. Panshet and Varasgaon received 19 mm and 17 mm respectively, while Khadakwasla recorded 8 mm rainfall. Temghar, Panshet and Varasgaon have recorded more than 1,400 mm rainfall since June.Water storage at Pavana dam, which supplies water to Pimpri-Chinchwad reached 5.21 TMC (63.31% of its total capacity) on Wednesday evening.Water storage in four damsDam Live storage Wednesday's rainfall (6am to 6pm)Rainfall since JuneTemghar 1.85 TMC (49.78%)30 mm1,681 mmVarasgaon7.35 TMC (57.38%)17 mm1,554 mmPanshet6.75 TMC (63.26%)19 mm1,430 mmKhadakwasla1.97 TMC (100%)8 mm330 mmTotal 17.91 TMC (61.45% of total capacity)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15416656", "title": "Tahmina and I won hearts: Vida Samadzai", "text": "Though she's has not been to her country since 1996, Vida Samadzai \u2014 Miss Afghanistan 2003 \u2014 got a chance to bond with her roots at the London Olympics. Vida was there to watch the 100-metre race that had Afghanistan's only female athlete, Tahmina Kohistani, in participation. Though Tahmina lost, Vida hosted a dinner in London for the Afghani team as a gesture of her support.Speaking from London, Vida said it was wonderful to meet Tahmina as it reminded her of the time she participated in the Miss Universe contest. As the first Afghani woman in an international beauty pageant since 1974, her appearance in a red bikini had sparked a controversy in her native country. \"Just like Tahmina, I won no medals. But we both won hearts. I saw how, despite Tahmina not winning, she hogged the limelight. It was the same when I had participated. People want to salute a person's courage to fight against the system,\" she says.Vida also went to the Olympics Village and is happy that the Afghan team has requested her to go to Afghanistan. \"I told them that I had heard I wasn't allowed in my country anymore. They said they will try and organize an official welcome for me. From what I gathered from them, things are slowly changing. Literacy levels have gone up. Today, Afghanistan has malls. But then, there are still people who don't want girls to be educated, don't want them to take up sports or music. I condemn this approach. Seen in that context, Tahmina has done a fantastic thing. Financial support was lacking. She didn't get proper training facilities. Braving landmines while clinging on to dreams is not easy. But what I fear is how she is going to handle life when she returns to Kabul,\" she says.Ask her why she has this apprehension and Vida says, \"When a girl from a Muslim country goes back after having done something that's frowned upon by conservatives, it's a challenge to stay there. After my contest, I didn't return to my country. I went to the US. Tahmina will return to Kabul. There are usually two kinds of reactions. While some will congratulate her, others will say she is a disgrace to the country and her religion. Dealing with that can be very tough. Tahmina is young, beautiful and has a mind of her own. I hope she can handle this situation properly. At the dinner table, she was the loudest in the group. Compared to her, the guys were shy!\"What surprised Vida the most was the interest in \" Bigg Boss\" among the Afghani team members! \"They knew every detail of the episodes. Even I couldn't recollect certain things they remembered vividly!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15413751", "title": "Man kills brother in tiff over borewell", "text": "CHENNAI: A 27-year-old man hacked his brother to death for damaging a borewell in the compound in which they lived in Perambur on Tuesday. Police said Kesavan, 31, picked up a fight with his brother Kutty for abusing his wife when she went to fetch water from the borewell.\"They lived in separate houses in the same compound,\" an investigating officer said. \"Kutty used water from the borewell in the backyard of Kesavan's house which he had sunk three years ago.\"When Kesavan's wife Saranya, 20, went to fetch water from the borewell, Kutty shouted at her. \"Saranya told her husband about the incident and he picked up a fight with Kutty on Tuesday afternoon,\" the officer said. \"Neighbours intervened and broke up the fight. Kesavan later broke the borewell.\"Kutty came home drunk that night and with the help of his friend Srinivasan forced their way into Kesavan's house and hacked him to death with sickles. Sembium police arrested Srinivasan and are searching for Kutty, who is on the run.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15411342", "title": "Tender finalised for liquor hologram", "text": "HYDERABAD: Tenders to affix holograms on liquor bottles, a move that has been dogged by controversy, were finally opened on Wednesday and the contract was awarded to Uflex that quoted 22 paise per label. The next price quoted was 27 paise per label by Color Process, another firm.The excise department last year embarked on a plan to affix holograms on liquor bottles in a bid to check duplication and adulteration, and tenders for the same were called subsequently. Among the eight consortiums that submitted tender applications, three - Gopson Group, Kantas Trackpack, and Alpha solutions - were disqualified in the first round of scrutiny of documents.In the second round Prithvi Ltd and Kumbhat Hologram were disqualified on account of their failed hologram samples, and in the final round the screening committee disqualified HolistiK India Ltd and OITC as they had the conflict of interest being partners in distillery business.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15411394", "title": "PAC members 'cold-shouldered' by irrigation department officials", "text": "HYDERABAD: The public accounts committee (PAC) headed by TDP MLA Revuri Prakash Reddy has reportedly decided to complain against senior irrigation department officials for being uncooperative. The committee, which met on Wednesday to review the implementation of various irrigation projects, could not conduct a satisfactory round-up as irrigation principal secretary Shailendra Kumar Joshi was absent for the meeting.According to sources, officials present at the meeting could not furnish data on various irrigation projects, especially the ones taken up as part of the Jalayagnam scheme. When repeatedly asked for clarifications on these projects, irrigation officials at the meeting said that the files were lying with the principal secretary.The upset members then suggested that speaker N Manohar and chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy be informed about the PAC's displeasure over the non-cooperation of irrigation department officials. Sources said that the chairman assured PAC members that he would take up the matter in the appropriate circles.Members expressed concern over what they called a lack of seriousness on the part of the state government about completing irrigation projects despite delays that are putting an enormous financial burden on the state. Etala Rajender, , said that the state government for Quoting the non-completion of the irrigation projects in the Telangana region like Kalvakurthi, Bhima, Gundla Kamma etc under the Jalayagnam program,Etala Rajender, the TRS floor leader, even went ahead to say that \"Jalayagnam has become Dhanyagnam, benefitting only corrupt officials and contractors\". He added that the project has so far been able to irrigate not even 700 acres despite the state spending crores of rupees behind it.Devineni Uma, the TDP member, and D Mallikarjun also alleged that estimates were being revised every year without fail even though it was yet to serve the purpose it was designed to.Members suggested that the government should examine whether additional burden imposed by delay in projects could be recovered from the defaulting contractors. The TDP members were unhappy that the Telugu Ganga Project, intended to provide drinking water to Chittoor, Tirupati, Nellore and Gudur towns, was yet to be completed although its cost has risen from an initial Rs 600 crore to Rs 5,000 crore. Meanwhile, the committee is scheduled to review the working of the education department on August 22 and 23 and TTD affairs on September 4 and 5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "15412291", "title": "Nilamber Pitamber University re-schedules July 18 exam", "text": "DALTONGANJ: Nilamber Pitamber University has announced the date and venue for the re-examination of the papers which it had cancelled on July 18 at two colleges in Garhwa district.Controller of examinations of the university LGSN Shahdeo said the new date of re-examination was fixed on August 13. The venue is Surat Pandey Degree College in Garhwa and timing is from 10am to 1pm.Shahdeo said the examinations at the two centres in Garhwa - Namdhari College and GNS Mahila College - were cancelled by the university's Examination Board in the wake of adverse comments from the judiciary.Following orders of Garhwa district principal and sessions judge S N Singh, a judicial officer had inspected the examination centres on that date at the two centres and found enough evidence that indicated use of unfair means by the candidates.Sources said although neither the judge nor the judicial officer, Vishwanath Oran, directed for any re-examination, the varsity authorities decided to cancel the examinations at the two centres.The judiciary had to step in after the judge received an anonymous letter that alleged largescale use of unfair means in the examination centres. The letter writer said he was writing his paper at one of the centre and applied for a transfer of his centre.NPU vice-chancellor Firoz Ahmad said, \"The decision to cancel the examination was to respect the findings of the judicial officer and also to reaffirm the university's resolution to have fair examinations.\"Sources said a team of university officials would camp at Surat Pandey Degree College in Garhwa on the day of re-examination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "julayi movie review", "code": "15417185", "title": "Julayi Telugu movie review highlights", "text": "Julayi movie review: Stylish star Allu Arjun's latest Telugu movie Julayi has finally hit the screens today after much delay, amidst high expectations. The film is a very important one for the trio - Allu Arjun, Ileana and Trivikram since it's been quite some time that they've delivered a hit at the box office. Let's cut across to some of the highlights of the Julayi movie review.Julai movie starts off in typical Trivikram-style narration - with Prakash Raj's voice over saying, \"Life aneydi highway...gelupu anedi one way...short cuts ki no way\"Allu Arjun makes a cool entry as Tanikella Bharani's son. He looks stylish in his urban happy-go-lucky avatar, roles that he has previously essayed in his movies like 'Happy' and 'Arya'.The bank robbery scene which was in the Dark Knight, has been shot with a few modificationsBrahmanandam and Rajendra Prasad who plays ACP Sitaram, tickle the funny bonesThe scenes involving Ileana and her parents Hema and Dharmavarapu Subramanyam evoke much laughterThe song \"Oh Madhu, Oh Madhu\" was beautifully shot with groovy dance moves by Allu ArjunA combo of witty conversations and great dialogues makes the movie a fun watch.\"Mee Intiki Mundho Gate\", an energetic song, which has Bunny imitating megastar Chiranjeevi, Pawan Kalyan NTR, ANR, Krishna, etc, is to watch out for.Audiences enjoyed the hilarious pelli-choopulu scene between Brahmanandam and Hema.Tanikella Bharani's thought-provoking dialogue on life and reality makes for a touching scene", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15411526", "title": "TDP chief N Chandrababu Naidu held for staging dharna", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Banjara Hills police arrested TDP chief N Chandrababu Naidu and his associates on Wednesday for staging a rasta roko at KBR park junction on Road Number 2, Banjara Hills.Naidu was protesting against the government's attitude on the fee reimbursement scheme.At about 6 pm, Naidu along with 200 supporters staged a rasta roko on the busy Road Number 2, Banjara Hills, near the TDP office. Due to the dharna, traffic came to a grinding halt for about a kilometre on all sides of the busy junction.As the traffic gridlock was quickly expanding, police arrested Naidu along with 100 of his supporters and shifted them to the Banjara Hills police station. They were later released on personal bond. Earlier during the day, activists of Telugu Nadu Students Federation (YNSF) tried to storm the minister's quarters to register their protest against the issue. However, the Banjara Hills police foiled their attempt and took 20 protesters into custody.Similarly in the morning, OU JAC representatives tried barging into the secretariat where the cabinet sub-committee meeting was happening to discuss the fee reimbursement issue. The Saifabad police quickly took 11 protesters into custody and dispersed the mob. Later in the evening, five Telangana Vidyarthi Parishad (TVP) activists entered the secretariat by securing passes in the guise of visiting some minister and started a protest in front of 'D' Block. They were immediately arrested by the police. All the arrested have been released in the evening on personal bonds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15415002", "title": "IG convenes meeting with intelligence wing officials", "text": "VARANASI: IG Zone, GL Meena directed his subordinates to strengthen intelligence wings as it is the best tool to prevent communal tension, Maoist and terrorist activities on Wednesday.The IG had convened the meeting with intelligence wing officials of the zone on Wednesday. However, due to arrival of DIG Range, A Satish Ganesh at his office with the SSP Varanasi and SPs of Ghazipur, Jaunpur and Chandauli districts, the meeting with intelligence officials was rescheduled on Thursday. During his meeting with DIG, SSP and SPs of Varansi Range, the IG made his priority to strengthen the intelligence units very clear.After the meeting, he told TOI, \"apart from communally sensitive districts, the zone also houses the districts where the presence of Maoist and terrorist modules can not be denied.\" He said these problems can be tackled by collecting intelligence inputs instead of swinging into action after any communal incident or the attacks by Maoists or terrorists. He asked the officials to prepare proper strategy and also implement it properly in this regard. Earlier, DIG Range, A Satish Ganesh held a crime review meeting of the range at his office. After instructing to maintain high alert in all the districts to avoid occurrence of any untoward incident on the occasions like Janmashtami, Alvida-ki-Namaz and Eid, he also reviewed preparations of the police. He fixed a fortnight's time to workout the pending cases of murder and loot. He also directed to open the history sheet of the identified members of the criminal gangs and ensure early rescue of eloped and kidnapped girls.This meeting was followed by a joint meeting of the officers of district administration, SSP and SPs chaired by divisional commissioner, CK Tiwari and DIG Range. The officials directed their subordinates to swing into action immediately after getting information about petty criminal incidents. The officials also reviewed the progress in vehicle-lifting cases and other crimes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15417213", "title": "Accused hurls footwear at judge", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Aparently upset over tardy progress of his trial, an under trial prisoner (UTP) on Wednesday allegedly hurled his footwear at a judge during the trial in courtroom in Puri, about 60 km from state capital. While the slipper brushed past the judge, the accused Chhabi Das was immediately taken into police custody. Though no FIR was lodged in this regard till evening, Puri Sp Anup Kumar Sahoo ordered an inquiry into it.\"I have asked the reserve inspector to inquire into the circumstances leading to the unfortunate incident,\" Sahoo told TOI. Das's lawyer confirmed the unpalatable incident, perhaps the first of its kind in Odisha judiciary. The incident occurred while the judge was quizzing Das, who was standing in the accused box. Nayagarh-based Das, who was arrested on charges of dacoity (under section 395 of IPC) nearly two years ago, lost his marble and threw the footwear at the judge. Though Das's motive was not known, his lawyer Niranjan Mohapatra attributed it to his client's mental illness.\"I was not present in court during the incident. I felt sorry after hearing it and apologized the judge on behalf of Das, who was mentally disturbed due to family problems,\" said Mohapatra, who was appointed as state defence counsel because of his client's inability to afford legal expenses. Sources said that Das was upset over the slow progress of his trial, which ultimately affected his family. He had even submitted a petition through the Puri jail to expedite his case, sources added. \"I spoke with him and he told that the villagers are harassing his family. This might have driven him to resort to shoe-hurling,\" Mohapatra said. Soon after the incident, Das was summoned before the judge for personal appearance where the accused pleaded for leniency, sources said. Lawyers expressed their shock over the incident, which rekindlec such shoe-hurling episodes in a few courtrooms, including the Apex court in the past.\"The state government should adopt adequate precautionary measures for the safety judges in courts and their residences. At present there is no protection given to judges in courtrooms. Police should properly frisk accused persons before producing them in courts,\" senior Orissa High Court lawyer Bibhu Prasad Tripathy said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15413595", "title": "Disease threat in Chetpet slums: Experts", "text": "CHENNAI: Drinking water supplied to the residents in the slums of Osankulam and Bhoopathy Nagar in Chetpet is unsafe and could increase the risk of water-borne diseases, experts have warned. Though the number of case of diarrhoea has come down in these areas, the threat of disease remains as the water continues to be contaminated, a National Institute of Epidemiology (NIE) report has said.In a six-page report submitted to the Corporation of Chennai, NIE epidemiologists said that though the incidence of diarrhoea had come down, the problem remained. \"Diarrhoea has come down because people aren't drinking that contaminated water. They use water supplied by tanker lorries or they buy water. When people go back to piped supply, it could be disastrous. Fixing the problem should be the prime focus,\" said one epidemiologist.Laboratory results of water samples drawn from Chetpet by public health department officials showed that they contained E coli. Officials with the directorate of public health said samples drawn from one hand pump in Janganathapuram and Osankulam were found to be contaminated with E coli. Water-borne diseases are usually caused when contaminated water is used for drinking, bathing or cooking. Contamination of drinking water can cause cholera, dysentery, leptospirosis or typhoid, said director of public health Dr RT Porkai Pandian. \"Garbage accumulation makes it more dangerous for disease like leptosprirosis,\" he said.The NIE report is a guarded secret in the Chennai Corporation. \"There is no water contamination or disease outbreak. We have no reason to scare people. We have told them to chlorinate water and boil it,\" said a senior health official, refusing to be quoted. City health officer P Kuganantham could not be contacted.Residents in the area said they had to dispose the first few pots of water as they were mixed with sewage. \"I used to buy water cans but I can't afford them anymore. We draw water from these pipes,\" said an auto driver N V Rajkumar.Studies on water safety in the city have shown that very few ensure that the water they drink is pure. \"We gave people some water filters and found that it did reduce incidence of diarrhoea among children,\" said a scientist from NIE. But when the study ended, people failed to replace the filters and went back to the old habit of drinking water from the taps.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "biharsharif", "code": "15411778", "title": "Nalanda University VC holds discussion with Nalanda DM", "text": "BIHARSHARIF: The vice chancellor of the upcoming Nalanda University, Gopa Sabarwal, discussed the ongoing construction work and other modalities with Nalanda DM Sanjay Kumar Agarwal on Wednesday evening.She said the modalities of the construction of the proposed university at Rajgir had been finalized and the academic session of the university will begin in 2014 after the building is complete in 2013 decided at the board meeting in Patna on July 18.A probationer, appointed to look into the planned work of the university, will function from the present university office located on the first floor of the Rajgir SDO's office. She added that in the first phase, two departments -- history and environment and ecology -- are proposed to be opened and the process of appointing 26 professors will be completed next year.The DM said the university's boundary wall will be completed in September and assured the visiting vice chancellor that the district administration is ready to extend any help sought by the university officials. He said if the university authorities required a separate building for the university, it would also be provided by the district administration as and when asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15413077", "title": "Money talks: Parrikar passes Rs 9,549.2 crore budget", "text": "PORVORIM: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Wednesday passed a budget of Rs 9,549.27 crore for the current financial year 2012-13.Speaking on the Goa Appropriation (No 2) bill, 2012, the chief minister said that during the demand for grants, there had been 80 demands from members for investigation into frauds and irregularities committed during earlier regimes.He said, \"I will not waste all my energy on such cases. I want to do positive work.\" He said that all the big scams would be investigated adding that some cases have already been given to authorities concerned for inquiry.Referring to action against bureaucrats, Parrikar said the big question is \"whether the officers who were forced to sign\" and oblige the political masters of the earlier regime, \"should be sent to the gallows\".On supplementary demands for grants amounting to 314.08 crore, Parrikar said of this amount, 264 crore will be spent only on keeping earlier the government's commitments - paying pending bills. These include paying bills of 113 crore of PWD, 22 crore for agriculture, 21 crore on panchayats.Opposition leader Pratapsingh Rane said the government must ensure that all the schemes are implemented during the current financial year. He added that there is more tom-toming of schemes than the actual implementation. Parrikar responded saying that adequate funds are provided for the schemes and expressed confidence of implementing the same.On Laadli Laxmi scheme, Parrikar said that the forms would be made available at all branches of three banks - SBI , Bank of India and HDFC-- besides with all MLAs.On the appropriation bill, Dabolim MLA Mauvin Godinho demanded that the chief minister take the demand for special status under article 371 to logical conclusion. He said that the government should ensure Goa doesn't experience a situation like Assam or any ill-feeling against their own countrymen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15413155", "title": "Villagers watch as new owners take over", "text": "BANGALORE: Three months ago, Sharadamma Ramanna, 65, passed away due to hypertension. She was worried that her sons would be unemployed after their land was acquired by the BDA.\"When I protested against police guarding my land, now called IAS Officers' Colony, police filed cases against me. This shocked my mother and she never recovered. My father's tombstone is in their colony now. When my mother passed away, I was not allowed to bury her body in our farmland. Is it justified to give IAS officers their sites when we haven't got our compensatory sites? While the officers are allowed to inspect their sites, we are not allowed to go anywhere near though it is our land,'' said JR Kumar, her son.For Shiva Premanandji, who runs Bharat Sevashram Sangha in Jakkur, the fear now is that the Sangha will lose 10 rooms of the ashram, meant for social service. \"The ashram is adjacent to the layout. BDA officials have orally asked me to give away a portion of our property where we have ten rooms for poor persons who come to Bangalore from other states for medical treatment,\" he told TOI.The space within the ashram will be used for providing an approach road to three sites within the Metropolitan Co-operative Housing Society (MCHS) layout. However, S Selva Kumar, secretary of MCHS, said the layout plan is undergoing certain changes and the allegations made are not true.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15411720", "title": "Aamir Khan to help solve Maharashtra water crisis?", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra government is now looking for support from reel life heroes to bail itself out of an unprecedented state-wide drought situation, with state water supply minister Laxman Dhoble approaching actor Aamir Khan for help with the issue.The ministry has requested the actor to take up the issue of pending projects with the government of India, including the ambitious plan to inter-link the rivers in Maharashtra. \"The plan to inter-link rivers for equal distribution of water has never really taken off due to the absence of funding. We have had a long discussion with him on several projects, including those being funded by the World Bank and the government of India,\" Dhoble said.During the two-hour long discussion with the actor, the ministry also offered to rope in Khan as the brand ambassador for water supply and sanitation, purpotedly to create awareness about several issues plaguing the sanitation scene in Maharashtra, such as the mixing of sewage in underground pipelines in urban and rural areas and open defecation.Several other important projects, such as those related to sanitation problems and recycling of water were also discussed with the popular actor. \"We were impressed by his understanding of the subject presented during one of the recent episodes of the TV show, Satyamev Jayate. His knowledge of projects in other states and countries is also phenomenal,\" Dhoble said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15410945", "title": "Indians are No. 2 online searchers for education", "text": "MUMBAI: A recent study by Google has found that Indians are second in the world, behind only the Americans, when it comes to searching online about educational institutions and courses. According to the survey, the details of which were released by the online search giant on Wednesday, over 60% Indian students use the internet to research on education.The study, covering the period from January 2011 to June 2012 and titled Students on the Web, revealed that education-related queries from India were growing at over 46% year-on-year and of the total questions asked online, 40% were for higher education courses. The use of mobiles to send queries has grown by 135% year on year, accounting for 22% of the total education-related searches.Rajan Anandan, VP and managing director of Google India, said, \"With over 60 million internet users in India being in the 18-35 age group, education-related search queries are exploding on Google. Our core objective behind compiling the study was to understand the impact internet is having on this young population with regard to education-related decision-making.\"Despite an array of courses available, Indian students seem to stick to the tried and tested ones, with IT/vocational (44%) courses inviting the maximum hits, followed by engineering (40%) and management (16%).\"Students opt for whatever assures them a good job. Engineering and IT are still the favourites as students start opting for bifocal subjects like computer science in junior college itself,\" said Suhas Pednekar, principal of Ramnarain Ruia College in Matunga. According to him, most students now go for a management course after graduation. \"Since our graduation courses are majorly theoretical with very little of skill-based subjects, students prefer doing an MBA after graduation,\" Pednekar explained.The study was compiled by combining Google search query patterns and an offline research by TNS Australia. According to the offline survey which was conducted in seven cities, including Mumbai, Delhi, Pune and Ahmedabad, 56% students said job placement was the most important criteria while researching/selecting institutes/courses. Faculty (49%), course content (48%), reputation of the institute (43%) and fees (41%) followed behind. The study also found that students research for 5-6 months on an average before zeroing in on a course and an institute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15413134", "title": "States not keen on FDI in retail", "text": "NEW DELHI: The UPA government's efforts to build a consensus on allowing foreign retailers in the multi-brand retail sector has met with poor response with only two Congress-ruled states and two Union Territories formally backing the move. The government wrote to all states in June seeking their support for implementing the decision to allow 51% FDI in the multi-brand retail sector.\"Till date, written communications, indicating support for FDI in multi-brand retail trade, have been received from Delhi, Manipur, Daman &amp; Diu and Dadra and Nagar Haveli,\" Jyotiraditya Scindia, minister of state for commerce and industry, told the Rajya Sabha in a written reply on Wednesday.The poor response from even Congress-ruled states comes as a setback for the government's efforts to open up the sector. It also adds muscle to the stiff opposition from BJP, Samajwadi Party, JD(U) and Communist parties to the move to allow foreign retailers such as Wal-Mart , Tesco and others in the lucrative multi-brand retail sector.Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav had teamed up with Left leaders and had shot off a letter to the Prime Minister urging him not to go ahead with the move to open up the sector. Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar has also opposed the move. Kumar has said the government needs to be cautious \"because at stake is the stability of vital pillars of our economy \u2014 retailing, agriculture and manufacturing\".The Samajwadi Party decision to support the UPA in the presidential elections had stirred hopes that some of the pending reforms could be pushed through once the polls were over.The ruling coalition is keen to get long pending economic reforms off the ground to signal its resolve to boost growth and sentiment. Commerce, industry and textiles minister Anand Sharma has held talks with several chief ministers to garner support for opening up the multi-brand retail sector, which is seen as a test case for pushing economic reforms.The government says that states would be given the option of allowing FDI in multi-brand retail. It was hoping that Congress-ruled states would declare overwhelming support for the move but the latest statement from the government shows that even these states are dragging their feet on the issue. Sharma says allowing FDI in retail will usher in huge benefits and create jobs. It will help build the supply chain, cold storages and benefit the farm sector. The government also says the move will help in efforts to reduce wastage of fruits, vegetables and other products and tame inflation. But opposition groups, traders and some allies of the government say that allowing FDI in the sector will hurt small stores and kirana shops and lead to massive job losses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15412308", "title": "Angry Sonia Gandhi forces Advani to withdraw barb at UPA", "text": "NEW DELHI: Shedding her usual reticence, Congress chief Sonia Gandhi on Wednesday spearheaded a sharp attack on L K Advani in Lok Sabha , forcing the BJP veteran to unconditionally withdraw his disparaging reference to UPA government that questioned its legitimacy.Sonia and Congress benches erupted in protests when Advani, initiating a discussion on the recent ethnic violence in lower Assam, suggested that the UPA had lost its legitimacy after the controversial trust vote necessitated by the Left's withdrawal of support over the Indo-US nuclear deal in 2008.The particular word used by Advani - later expunged by Speaker Meira Kumar - got Sonia's goat and she furiously gesticulated towards the BJP benches. Taking a cue from her, Congress MPs interrupted Advani and insisted that the reference be withdrawn, rejecting Advani's explanation that his attack was directed at UPA-I rather than the current dispensation.All the while Sonia made it clear to BJP benches that she was not willing to settle for anything less than an outright withdrawal of the remark, revealing an assertive side that is not usually visible. She has on occasions reacted to Opposition provocations, but on Wednesday showed sustained aggression till Advani bowed to the Speaker's advice and withdrew his barbed comment.With the uncharacteristic display of aggression, Sonia seemed to fill the void that President Pranab Mukherjee has left. As leader of the House, it would have been left to Mukherjee to take on the BJP leader by intervening and challenging the disparaging reference to the 2008 confidence vote and description of the subsequent UPA-II government as an illicit entity. She had appeared to be in charge also when she forced party MPs from Telangana to abort their plan to disrupt the House with their demand for statehood for the region.Advani had indeed referred to the \"next government\" but when he sought to clarify that he was speaking of the post-2008 trust vote situation, Congress MPs would have none of it. The newly-appointed leader of the House Sushil Shinde said, \"I think he should withdraw his words.\"Earlier, a stern-looking Sonia told party MPs from Telangana not to disrupt proceedings. After the T-block raised slogans, Sonia told the MPs that their behaviour is unacceptable, saying it gave the Opposition an opportunity to allege Congress is orchestrating sloganeering to stall Parliament.Mincing no words, she told the MPs that they should not embarrass the party. Her intervention helped the government avoid sniping from within at a time when dalit MPs were already staging a dharna led by Congress MP P L Punia to protest delay in reviving \"reservation in promotion\" for scheduled castes and scheduled tribes.Advani's digression into the 2008 events took the edge of the attack he was building up against the Congress over the Assam violence. He had begun by targeting the state and the Centre for allowing grabbing of government lands and colluding with \"foreign aggression\" in the form of influx of illegal Bangladeshi immigrants, when he strolled down the memory lane.This is the second time that he has given the Congress an opening in recent weeks. Earlier, he had suggested that that neither the BJP nor the Congress may be in a position to form the next government, drawing censure from his allies and jibes from the Congress.Shinde rebutted Advani's attempted clarifications that he was not referring to UPA II, saying, \"Yes, it means that...I think, he should withdraw his words.\"MoS planning Ashwini Kumar chipped in, saying, \"He should withdraw his words\" while Advani said, \"I am on a point of clarification... I am not referring to the 2009 elections. I am referring to the vote of confidence in the House. I am not referring to the 2009 elections but I am referring to the vote of confidence in the House.\"His clarifications were all but drowned in the din and after a while, Advani said, \"Yes, I have withdrawn. I have withdrawn and I have said that my references were to the confidence motion and not to the 2009 elections.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15412017", "title": "Five more test positive for swine flu", "text": "PUNE: Five more people tested positive for H1N1 influenza on Wednesday. \"Three of them were discharged after treatment but two are still being treated. Their condition is stable,\" said S T Pardeshi, medical officer of health, PMC.The condition of a 57-year-old man, who has been on ventilator support at Sahyadri Munot Hospital since August 4 continues to be critical, say Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) officials.The city has reported 11 positive cases and one death this month. Since April, 166 people have tested positive and 8 people have succumbed to the contagion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15412203", "title": "CIC: Give info on complaints against judges", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Information Commission (CIC) has asked the CBI to disclose information related to complaints against chief justices of the Supreme Court and High Court. In a separate order, the Commission has also asked the investigating agency to provide details of public officials accused of possessing disproportionate assets and whose sanction for prosecution is pending.The order was in response to multiple RTI applications filed by activist Subhash Agrawal.Agrawal had sought information related to complaints received against chief justices of the High Court and Supreme Court. This is likely to bring up cases related to former CJIs Y K Sabharwal and K G Balakrishnan.Giving CBI 10 days to comply chief information commissioner Satyananda Mishra said that the information should be given to the applicant.In another set of RTI applications, Agrawal wanted to know various details about all the cases registered by the CBI since 1980 against public servants for possessing assets disproportionate to their known sources of income, the sanctions sought by the CBI for prosecuting public servants under the Prevention of Corruption Act as well as the number of cases registered against public servants under the same Act.The CPIO had replied with the observation that it would be difficult to provide the information for a period of nearly 30 years as it would disproportionately divert the resources of the CBI. The appellate authority had endorsed the CPIO's decision.Mishra said the information should be given within 10 working days with all the available information across its various offices on the disproportionate assets cases for the period for which such data is centrally available. The CPIO was also directed to provide similar information, as available centrally, on all cases of sanctions sought against public servants for prosecution under the Prevention of Corruption Act and the details of all cases registered under that Act against public servants till date.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15412490", "title": "Governor's intervention sought for appointment of Lokayukta", "text": "JAIPUR: Taking a cue from the exercise of power by Gujarat governor Kamla in the appointment of Lokayukta in that state, a petitioner has demanded that the governor of Rajasthan too exercise her power in a similar fashion for the appointment of Lokayukta in the state, which has been lying vacant from May 1 this year.The petitioner, K M L Asthana, has requested the governor to prepare a panel of three retired high court judges and initiate the appointment process.The petition was submitted by Abhinav Sharma, counsel for Asthana, and was received by the governor's office on Tuesday. Earlier, Asthana had petitioned against the appointment of Justice N N Mathur commission. The said commission was formed by chief minister Ashok Gehlot in January 2009 for looking into charges of corruption against the Vasundhara Raje regime. The commission was dissolved by the high court and later the Supreme Court directed that all the alleged complaints shall be investigated by the Lokayukta.\"The post of Lokayukta cannot be left vacant as it has a vital role in cleaning administration. The post has been deliberately left vacant, sending a wrong message,\" the petitioner said.\"We have obtained information under RTI Act and it has highlighted the pathetic state of affairs of the Lokayukta office with no one in the chair and the complaints pouring in. The RTI reply shows that the post has been left vacant by the state government for most of the time since its inception, the longest being from November 27, 1999 to April 30, 2007. But such a post cannot be left vacant under the law,\" said Abhinav Sharma, advocate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15412165", "title": "Food festivals target Ranchi taste buds", "text": "RANCHI: The season of food fests is here again. From desi kebabs to delicious street food and from Chinese cuisine to Thai dishes, almost everything is available in city restaurants at an affordable rate and some are even coming up with food festivals to lure people with Eid, Janamashtami and Dussehra around the corner.Hotel Arya on Tuesday launched a biriyani festival and a kebab camp offering various desi dishes like mughlai, hyderabadi and tandoori. Food and beverages manager Vijay Raj said: \"The vegetarian dishes starts from Rs175 while others begin at Rs 185. The costliest item on the menu is the Tandoori Lobster, which is available for Rs 600. We are also offering various kinds of biriyanis like Hyderabadi Biriyani and Kuchchi Dum Biriyani.\"Street food, especially chaat, has always been Ranchi's favourite snack, but people have of late been avoiding them because of hygiene issues. That is set to change on August 10 when Hotel Golden Tulip launches its chaat festival. Sales manager Shabnam Khan said: \"We will serve 10 varieties of chaat to patrons and each will cost Rs 65 plus taxes. The five-day festival will be open from 3pm to 8pm. We assure that all the food will be prepared in a healthy and hygienic environment.\"And it's just Indian dishes making their presence felt at food festivals. Foreign cuisines, especially Thai and Chinese, are also available. Oriental Chinese Food festival at hotel BNR Chanakya is attracting die-hard foodies of the city. Sales and Beverages manager Dharambeer said: \"The food festival is a-la-carte and the dishes range from Rs 250 to Rs 850.\"The food junkies of the city are excited about the festivals and are craving for more. \"I have already been to the oriental food festival and will definitely visit the others. I hope that other restaurants also come up with fresh ideas so that I get to try more and more delicacies from various parts of the world,\" said Trisha, a student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "bhagalpur", "code": "15411803", "title": "Sahni admits his involvement in Assam scholar murder case", "text": "BHAGALPUR: Prime suspect Chattu Sahni, who was allegedly involved in the abduction and subsequently killing of Assam youth Pritam Bhattacharjee, was arrested by the police on August 7 evening at Khagaria. After arrest, Sahni was taken to Barauni railway police station in Begusarai district and was kept in police custody for interrogation, said sources.Sahni was also interrogated by the investigating teams besides senior officials of the state on Tuesday as well as on Wednesday about the Bhattacharjee murder case said sources. The prime suspect, while narrating the incident, has admitted his involvement in the murder before the police.The GRP and Naugachia police had zeroed down on Sahni, a native of Makhatakiya in Naugachia in Bhagalpur district, following interrogation of several suspects and on the basis of mobile tower location of Pritam at village Makhatakiya for a brief moment between his abduction on July 9 and July 15, when his body was recovered by the police. One of the close relatives of Sahni had also admitted before the police that he had come to seek shelter at his house after the crime.It may be recalled that Bhattacharjee, a resident of Silchar (Assam), traveling in Awadh-Assam Express train, went missing from Naugachia (Bhagalpur, Bihar) railway station on July 9. He was on way to Delhi to pursue research in Jawaharlal Nehru University (JNU).Pritam had some issue with a section of commuters inside the bogey of the train, which he had also mentioned to his family members on mobile. During the journey, some of the youths snatched his bag and got down from the train at Naugachia station. Pritam also got down from the train and chased the youths, which he mentioned to his family in Assam around 3.00 on July 9.He then went missing from Naugachia railway station premises and his mobile too was found to be switched off by the family after that. His body was recovered by the Naugachia police near railway overbridge under Katariya railway station on Barauni-Katihar railway section on July 15.Superintendent of railway police (SRP), Katihar, Sukan Paswan said on Wednesday, \"We have gathered evidence against Sahni besides his own confession.\" He was produced before a Khagaria court by the police and was forwarded to jail, said sources. According to sources, one more suspect has been nabbed in this connection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15410809", "title": "Work on Jharsuguda thermal units yet to take off", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Despite the state reeling under power crisis, work on the proposed third and fourth units of Ib Thermal Power Station (ITPS) in Jharsuguda district has not yet taken off.The state cabinet had in September, 2009, approved the expansion plan of ITPS, which is owned by the Odisha Power Generation Corporation (OPGC), envisaging generation of 1320 (660 x 2) MW in 2013, in addition to the existing 420 (210 x 2) MW.Subsequently in May, 2010, the president and CEO of AES Corporation Paul Hanrahan, following a meeting with chief minister Naveen Patnaik here, announced construction activities for the two units would begin before March, 2011. (In OPGC, AES owns 49% share with management control while the rest of the stakes is with the Odisha government).However, construction work is yet to commence and, if sources in OPGC are to be believed, it is unlikely to start within a year.Which means the project, on the anvil since about a decade, cannot be commissioned, even if all goes well, before five years because construction would take between 42 and 44 months, sources said. Power generated from the proposed two units would be evenly shared between OPGC and state-owned Gridco, official sources said, regretting the government's lack of enthusiasm to concretize the project though the state was experiencing load shedding because of power shortage.Admitting the delay, OPGC managing director K Venkatachalam said: \"We were pushed back by two years because of the 'no go' categorization of coal blocks (Manoharpur and dip side of Manoharpur) allotted for the project. The coal blocks came under the 'go' category in June, 2011, and we are trying to push the project.\"Venkatachalam said both the Power Finance Corporation and the Rural Electrification Corporation have sanctioned loans from the expansion project, for which an estimated Rs 12,000 crore would be spent. In 2009, the project cost was calculated at Rs 10,500 crore, but because of time overrun it has escalated, sources said.The MD said the company has recently invited price bids for boiler-turbine-generator (BTG) package. \"We are optimistic about the project and ready to go for financial closure once the forest clearances is in place,\" he added.Official sources said the state government is yet to recommend to the Centre for mining lease of the coal block allotted to the project though the proposal is pending before it for over four years. \"The state government has recommended to the Centre the forest diversion proposal for the coal block. But it is still to forward the forest clearance proposal for the railway line to be laid linking the mine with the plant as part of the project,\" a government source disclosed.P K Jena, who recently assumed charge as energy secretary for the second time, told TOI: \"The government is keen on OPGC's expansion and would certainly expedite things so that the two units come up as early as possible.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15411565", "title": "2 die as bike hits manhole and collides with dumper", "text": "MUMBAI: Two youths lost their lives after their bike got stuck in an open manhole and they collided with a parked dumper on Wednesday.The incident occurred at Sangharsh Nagar, Chandivli. According to the Saki Naka police, the victims, Johnathan (20) and Kunal Ulalkar (21), were declared dead on arrival at Rajawadi Hospital.\"They were thrown off the bike and hit a dumper. The two were taken to the hospital by a passerby,\" said an officer from Saki Naka police station.The BMC disaster management cell did not have any information about the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15412259", "title": "Focus on export of finished products, Arjun Munda tells traders", "text": "RANCHI: Chief minister Arjun Munda on Wednesday urged the business community to maximize export of finished products and discourage export of raw material.\"We have been one of the major exporters but it is mainly of raw. We should change this and concentrate on export of finished products,\" Munda said after inaugurating the local office of the Federation of Indian Export Organizations (FIEO). This is the forth office of the FIEO in eastern India. Director general and chief executive officer of FIEO Ajay Sahai was also present.The chief minister also urged organizations like the FIEO and those involved in trade and commerce at local level to come forward with suggestions to enhance export from the state. \"Everyone should come forward in drafting the state's export policy and I promise that state government will provide all help,\" said Munda.State industry secretary A P Singh urged the businessmen and representatives of companies to take advantage of growing demand of organic products especially organic food materials in the US, Europe and east Asian counties.\"There is a huge demand for organic products and Jharkhand being one of the best producers of organic food and tasar silk has immense potential,\" said Singh.He said the state industry department was also working on a proposal to set up a special economic zone (SEZ) for information technology (IT). \"We have started ground work on setting up of IT SEZ and hope that things will be finalized by end of this year,\" he added.Additional director general of foreign trade D K Singh asked the participants present at a workshop on export promotion to take advantage of e-bay system. Singh dwelt at length on the benefits of retail export especially when there is a huge demand of Indian products globally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "15412113", "title": "Onlear Kom: The force behind Mary's punch", "text": "IMPHAL: Though Manipuri boxer MC Mary Kom lost her Olympics semi-final bout to Great Britain's Nicola Adams on Wednesday, she has become a global boxing icon by winning a bronze medal at the prestigious event. But the person behind the achievements of the five-time-world champion is none other than her husband, Onlear, who backed her solidly all throughout.Though there is a saying that \"behind every man's success, there is a woman\", in Mary's case, it can be simply said - \"behind a woman's success, there is also a man\".Onlear is a husband, counsellor, friend and guide of Mary as he takes care of Mary's work, as well as the boxing academy, established by her. \"I quit my NGO and set aside my earlier dream to get a white-collar job only see Mary on top of the world. I'm more or less another hand of Mary in her boxing carrier,\" Onlear told TOI just before Mary's semi-final bout on Wednesday against Great Britain's Nicola Adams. Mary lost the four-round bout 6 points to 11 to the world number two.Though Mary, along with her mother M Akham Kom, reached London ahead of the beginning of the Summer Olympics, Onlear landed there on Saturday as he had to complete certain work of Mary Kom Boxing Academy in Imphal, which the five-time world champion had opened, to groom young talents.Over 30 young boxers of Manipur are undergoing training at the academy christened Mary Kom Boxing Academy located at her Langol Games village's residential complex in Imphal. \"Though Onlear ran a community development NGO, he quit it only to push forward Mary to success,\" said Jimmy Levon, secretary of the academy.\"Onlear never made Mary disturbed by anything during her tough times. When any trainee fell sick, especially at night, Onlear immediately took him to hospital, leaving Mary to get her sound sleep,\" added Jimmy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15414240", "title": "Second night food street in rate hurdle", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The fate of second night food street in Sector 48 hangs in the balance, as the project is yet to be allotted for construction. Though the municipal corporation engineering wing has proposed to increase the construction cost of the project by about Rs 5 lakh, its higher officials are yet to approve it. Only after their nod, another tender will be floated to allot the construction work.After failing to get a positive response from bidders, the wing mulled increasing the basic price of the project (that is its construction cost) from Rs 24 lakh to Rs 29 lakh a few weeks ago. A file pertaining to it was sent to its senior officers for consideration. But the matter is still pending with them.MC executive engineer Vishal Gupta said, \"We plan to enhance the basic price to attract bidders. Senior officers will soon take a decision on it.\"Conceptualized in 2009, the project could not take off because of its \"nonviable financial rates\". Though its tenders were floated more than six times, no contractor showed interest. The then mayor, Kamlesh, had laid its foundation stone in November 2009.According to the plan, the project will come up on 3,600 square feet. Of this, 300 square feet will be covered area and the remaining 3,300 square feet will have open sitting space and parking. It will come up on the lines of the Sector 14 night food street.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15413201", "title": "Sadiq encounter: Tirodkar changes his version", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Prime witness-turned-accused in Sadiq Jamal Mehtar encounter case, Ketan Tirodkar has now slightly changed his version about his involvement in handing over the custody of the Bhavnagar youth to Gujarat police.In his bail plea filed before additional chief judicial magistrate, the former journalist claimed that Sadiq was handed over to Gujarat police by him at the behest of Mumbai's encounter specialist Daya Nayak. He even cited his affidavit, filed before the Maharashtra Control of Organised Crime Act (MCOCA) court, saying \"handing over Sadiq Jamal to Gujarat police by me at the behest of PSI Daya Nayak on January 11, 2003\".However, in his affidavit before the Gujarat high court, Tirodkar had stated that he was present at the spot, where Nayak handed over Sadiq's custody to Gujarat police. At that time he had claimed to have been a mute spectator in the entire episode, though he admitted that it was he who introduced the Mehtar to Nayak.Besides, Tirodkar also stated that he had spent three years in jail in connection with this case. Also among 10 cases he was arrested in, the charges of murder and conspiracy were leveled only in connection with Sadiq's encounter. He mentioned that he was released on bail in this casein 2008 and questioned how could he be arrested twice for the same offence.Tirodkar has also stated that he was requested by advocate Mukul Sinha, who represents Sadiq's brother Shabbir Jamal, to reiterate in an affidavit before Gujarat HC what he had filed before the MCOCA court.Tirodkar filed the bail plea last month, but on Wednesday he requested the court to be allowed to withdraw it so that he could file it before the sessions court. The magistrate permitted him to withdraw the application.Sadiq was killed on January 13, 2003, near Galaxy Cinema in Naroda area of the city in an encounter involving the police crime branch. After his death, cops dubbed him as a Lashkar-e-Taiba operative out to kill Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi for the 2002 riots reprisal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15412545", "title": "Scheme to give Nashik 43 ambulances", "text": "NASHIK: Under the joint plan of the state and Central governments to improve medical infrastructure during emergencies, Nashik district is scheduled to get 43 state-of-the-art ambulances to be stationed at Rural Hospitals, tehsil headquarters and the Civil Hospital.The State and Central government sponsored state-wide Emergency Medical Services (EMS) is based on the Golden Hour concept according to which the patient suffering a medical emergency will be shifted to the nearest hospital absolutely free of cost.\"Under the scheme the district will soon have 43 ambulances equipped with the paramedical staff for free round-the-clock service with costs being borne by the State and Cenre,\" collector Vilas Patil said.Nashik city has two major highways (Mumbai-Agra national highway and Nashik-Pune highway) and both are witness to growing vehicular traffic which has led to a consequent increase in mishaps and fatalities. .\"With around 50 per cent of the district being a tribal area, the issue of emergency medical attention is a difficult need to fulfil , \" a district official who hailed the EMS move observed.The fleet of ambulances is part of the plan that has sanctioneda 937 ambulances and a centre in Pune which will monitor emergency calls and vehicle dispatches of ambulances. Nearly 3,000 doctors will be required to man the ambulances.The state is considering using 108 as the emergency number, currently used in Rajasthan, Andhra Pradesh and Gujarat, where such services have already started.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15411097", "title": "75% of sex determination cases in Maharashtra stuck in court", "text": "MUMBAI: Maharashtra's frightening child sex ratio reflects unmistakably in its court figures. For most of the last 10 years, the number of cases related to foetal sex determination that reached court fluctuated below 50. In 2011, however, the tally hit a high of 179. More worryingly, nearly 75% of the total cases filed in the last decade are yet to conclude.Data with the state health department shows that between 2002 and June 2012, 342 cases under the Pre-Conception and Pre-Natal Diagnostic Techniques (PCPNDT) Act were filed in courts. Of these, 248 are pending till today. Of the remaining 94, the prosecution achieved convictions in just 42 cases.\"The public health minister has taken good measures to save the girl child. But government initiatives will not yield results unless there is a faster and better rate of conviction,\" said Congress MLA Praniti Shinde, a member of the state PCPNDT committee.She asserted that fast track courts and good lawyers are imperative to create a deterrent to doctors assisting in sex determination and possibly female foeticide.According to provisional Census 2011 figures, Maharashtra has an abysmal child sex ratio of 883 girls per 1,000 boys. The ratio, calculated for children aged up to 6 years, stands well below the national average of 914 girls per 1,000 boys and is lower than those of states like Bihar and UP.The pendency of PCPNDT cases in Maharashtra, figures show, has worsened in the last three years. From 2002 to 2009, the pendency share was less than 50%, barring in 2003 when it reached 66%. From 2009 though, it has never been below 80%. In 2011, in fact, 167 of the total 179 cases\u2014or 93%\u2014did not reach conclusion. Of the 12 cases that were decided, four ended in acquittal. This is not inconsistent with Maharashtra's overall track record; even the home department, on average, manages to secure convictions in 9% of the cases every year.\"The PCPNDT Act was passed to regulate and prevent misuse of diagnostic techniques. Though strong on paper, it does not serve as a deterrent in reality, as the health department's statistics reveal,\" said A L Sharada, programme director of NGO Population First.The state is not entirely blameless. Since 1995, when the PCPNDT Act took effect, the state PCPNDT committee has convened just 12 times. Eight of the meetings came in the last two and a half years as the issue of female foeticide got increasingly highlighted. The intensified attention led to more official measures, which explains the spike in the number of PCPNDT cases reaching court in 2011.Public health minister Suresh Shetty admitted the need for faster disposal of cases and a higher conviction rate to check the declining child sex ratio in Maharashtra.\"We have asked the law and judiciary department to appoint good lawyers. Besides this, the legal department has been instructed to coordinate better with the health and home department to ensure that doctors found guilty of sex determination get convicted in court,\" he said. \"To build a strong case against errant doctors, the government may even rope in good private lawyers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15413464", "title": "Gorwa residents terrorized by monkey attacks", "text": "VADODARA: Residents of Gorwa, located on the outskirts of the city, are a terrorized lot these days.An adult monkey has been attacking the locals and injuring them when they move out of their homes for last few days. The simian creature has injured some grown ups and also bitten a kid. It usually attacks pedestrians walking in isolated areas. The forest officials have been notified about the monkey but they are yet to catch him.Last week, the forest officials managed to trap a monkey that was suspected to be the culprit behind the attacks. However, the attacks continued even after the catch. \"We suspected that there was another monkey that is attacking people. We have made several teams and sent them in different residential colonies to trap the monkey,\" said a forest official.The forest officials have kept traps in some residential colonies and are hoping to nab the monkey soon. However, those residing in the area are a panicked lot. Whenever they sight a monkey, locals rush to hit it with sticks and stones. Also, there is lot of rumour mongering in the locality. The forest officials also had to call in police as the mobs used to interfere in their operation for nabbing the monkey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "bhiwani", "code": "15413434", "title": "Haryana: Village snaps ties with another over eve teasing", "text": "BHIWANI: Annoyed over continuing incidents of eve teasing, residents of Alampur village of Bhiwani district have snapped ties with neighbouring Thilod village, which had failed to take action against youths involved in such acts.Alampur villagers have also stopped children from attending school located in Thilod. Police have intervened in the dispute between the villages and have deployed cops along the boundary line between the villages. Police on Tuesday also registered two cases against some youths of Thilod village and had promised to nab the accused soon.Residents of Alampur village are however adamant about not sending their children to school and not having any relation with Thilod residents until the accused youths are arrested and Thilod panchayat gives an assurance against recurrence of such incidents.Alampur sarpanch Raju Singh said that youths of Thilod village indulge in eve teasing in buses on way to the school from their village. \"These incidents had been taking place for a long time. We had urged Thilod panchayat to take steps to rein in such rogue elements, but in vain. Again on Tuesday, a girl was molested by a youth, when she was going to school, after which we approached Thilod panchayat to take action against the accused youth,\" he said.\"In another incident, a youth of Alampur village was assaulted by some boys of Thilod village. Fed up with such incidents, the villagers held an emergency meeting on Tuesday evening and decided not to send their children to two private schools located in Thilod village. Around 150 students, half of them girls, have been enrolled in these schools. We will neither allow any resident of Thilod enter our village nor will send our children to the school in Thilod village, until police nab the accused in the two cases and we get an assurance from Thilod residents\", Singh told TOI over phone on Wednesday.Tosham SHO Mauji Ram, who visited the village on Wednesday, along with administration officials, said that police teams have started investigations into the two criminal cases registered against youths of Thilod village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15412788", "title": "HC orders CBI probe into land acquisition in Bathinda", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Punjab and Haryana high court on Wednesday directed the CBI to probe into a recent land acquisition at Mandi Khurd in Bathinda that allegedly benefitted businessmen close to chief minister Prakash Singh Badal's family.The HC ordered the CBI to complete the probe within a month. The order came after Mandi Khurd-resident Jarnail Singh filed a petition against the acquisition for a waste management plant. Singh in his petition alleged that three businessmen, including Yadwinder Singh who is close to revenue minister Bikram Singh Majithia, brother-in-law of deputy chief minister Sukhbir Singh Badal, benefitted by around Rs 5.63 crore through the acquisition and resulted in losses in crores to the state exchequer.The petition stated that the government could have used around 36 acres of land it had in Bathinda for the plant. But the government instead acquired land in Mandi Khurd just to benefit the businessmen, the petition alleged.Majithia is the state president of ruling Shiromani Akali Dal's youth wing, while Yadwinder is its Ludhiana unit head.The petition alleged that the businessmen knew that around 36 acres of land was to be acquired in Mandi Khurd for the plant and bought this land at cheaper rates. The businessmen got heavily compensated by the government when it acquired the land in February 2011, states the petition. It said a survey of the land in Mundi Khurd was conducted a year earlier.Most of this land had been purchased by Yadwinder Singh and two other politically influential families on February 18 and 23, 2010 for 1.59 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15413061", "title": "His radical art works will add vigour to Biennale", "text": "KOCHI: His tonsured head, salt and pepper beard, and deep-set eyes gives him a stoic look of a seer. But contrary to this perception, the Florida-born and Kabul-based Amanullah Mojadidi is an artist who is radical in his works that rhyme with themes such as jihad, bling, hypocrisy, and the lives of everyday Afghanis.Amanullah or Aman is one of the artists participating in Kochi-Muziris Biennale 2012 likely to be held this year-end and is in city to understand its political landscape.As part of his tour, he has already visited Muziris and understood its rich cultural history.\"Of what I understand, the obsession here as in any other place is about politics of land and territory. Muziris and its rich cultural history, show just that. Fort Kochi, a colony for the Dutch, Portuguese and then later the English, is also an example of this politics. When you try and understand this you realize how history and generations are moulded. It is on this notion that I would like to explore further for my works in connection with the Kochi Biennale,\" said Aman.One of his works, a photograph in a series named the 'Jihadi gangster' shows him as the subject of the photograph, a jihadi indulging in 'taboos' like liquor and a woman in short dress.\"Recently I heard that this photograph was seen hanging in a cabin of an orthodox Kabul parliamentarian. Don't know whether he relates to it or has a good sense of humour but nevertheless it was great to know that the message is getting across,\" said the artist, whose work was banned from public exhibition in Afghanistan.Though he wouldn't want to be confined to one geographical identity his connect with India is evident in his tattoos. \"I was born a Muslim, grew up to be an agnostic and now I am a full-fledged atheist. But I freely borrow ideas from eastern philosophies. Bhagavad Gita was most definitely an inspiration. My tattoos are four words of Sanskrit which means suffering, desire, destruction and control. These words encapsulate our daily life, if you think about it,\" said the artist who will be in Kochi for few more days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15413484", "title": "BTech student's body found on railway tracks", "text": "LUCKNOW: Body of an 18-year-old BTech girl student was found on the rail tracks in Chinhat on Wednesday.Police claimed the girl died after being hit by a train.The deceased was identified as Anuradha Singh, a native of Azamgarh, and residing at Sri Girls' Hostel at Vinamra Khand in Gomtinagar. Anuradha was a student of BTech II at Amity University here.At around 10.30am on Wednesday, gateman of Malhaur railway station Nitin Kumar informed the Chinhat police that a girl's body was lying between Malhaur and Safedabad railway stations.The police rushed to the spot and started investigation into the matter. The police started search of the belongings of the girl and found that she was residing at a girls' hostel in Vinamra Khand. The police contacted Jyoti Saxena, the caretaker of the hostel, who rushed to the spot and identified the victim as Anuradha Singh.The police ruled out any foul play and said it was an accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15413718", "title": "Resurgent H1N1 virus strikes Mumbai harder in August", "text": "MUMBAI: The dreaded H1N1 virus, which lay dormant for about a year, is back in the city . While there were only six positive cases and no deaths due to the disease in 2011, this year four died in the Mumbai Metropolitan Region (MMR) till August 8.There was also a \"suspected\" H1N1-related death in the city on Monday, when a 74-year-old woman from Malad died in Kasturba Hospital. While the woman was initially receiving treatment in a private nursing home, she was referred to Kasturba when she tested positive for H1N1. However, civic authorities claim her death was not a result of being affected by the virus.\"The clinical diagnosis said she died of many other problems but swine flu ,\" said Mangala Gomare, head of epidemiology, from the BMC. The clinical diagnosis, as mentioned in the cause of death by the doctor treating the woman, was septic shock (medical condition as a result of severe infection and sepsis ). \"She already suffered from chronic renal failure, hypertension and diabetes. So apart from septic shock, acute renal failure and pneumonia were also mentioned in the cause of death. H1N1, however, was not included in these,\" said Gomare.According to sources at Kasturba Hospital, the woman was already suffering from multiple organ failure and acute respiratory distress syndrome when she was brought to the hospital. Though the woman's death is not counted as an H1N1 death, the sheer numbers suffering from the disease speak volumes.According to the civic officials, six more people tested positive on Wednesday, taking the total number of positive cases this year to 256. A 26-year-old man from Jogeshwari, a 45-year-old from Vikhroli, a 15-year-old girl from Powai, a 34-year-old man from Andheri, a 42-year-old woman and a 33-year-old man\u2014both from Powai \u2014 tested positive for the disease. \"All patients are stable. Apart from the man from Jogeshwari, who has been admitted to a private hospital, all the others are being given Tamiflu on an out-patient department basis,\" said Gomare.While the number of cases are definitely higher compared to last year, there has also been an increase over the previous months. In June for example, 35 Mumbaikars tested positive for H1N1. In July, the number increased morethan four times with151 people testing positive. Worse, 43 people tested positive in the first week of August alone, more than all of June.Dr Abhay Chowdhary, of the Haffkine Institute in Parel, said the monsoon is the season for the influenza virus. \"The virus gets activated during monsoon and winter months. Thus, it is no surprise that H1N1 cases are on an increase. H1N1 has now become like the other seasonal flu,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15414281", "title": "Two Delhi cops arrested for abduction", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two Delhi Police constables have been arrested for abducting an executive engineer of the Uttar Pradesh Jal Nigam for Rs 30 lakh ransom. The duo from the crime branch and two of their aides posed as CBI sleuths and picked up the engineer from his Bijnor home, saying he would be questioned in Lucknow.Tracking cellphone communications , police arrested the four, but were shocked to find their own colleagues among the accused. The policemen have been identified as Ajit Singh and Mukesh Yadav. Police have recovered an illegal weapon and fake CBI identity cards.The kidnapping took place on Tuesday after the engineer, Sushil Bansal, was approached by a gang of four people posing as CBI sleuths, SP Kriti Inder Singh said. Acting on a tip-off , the Rampur police arrested the kidnappers from NH-24 and rescued Kumar. However, the identity of the accused shocked the UP police.The accused crime branch constables have been identified as Ajit Singh and Mukesh Yadav. The duo was assisted by Harinder Yadav and Baldev Singh. Ajit is with the Special Unit and was going to be transferred to the Special Investigation Unit. Mukesh also works with the Special Unit. The gang had initially demanded Rs 1 crore as ransom, but the cops finally settled for Rs 30 lakh.Sources said that Ajit was the chief planner, and an illegal weapon and 16 rounds of cartridges have been recovered from him. Fake CBI IDs have also been found. Delhi Police has initiated a departmental inquiry into the matter but it is yet to find out if the constables had sought official leave or had gone to Bijnor on the pretext of carrying out a raid.Additional director general of police (crime) Jagmohan Yadav, said that the Bijnor police received a complaint that Sushil had been kidnapped by four unidentified men from his residence in Kotwali police circle. The complainant, a colleague of Bansal, told cops that the victim had called him a few minutes ago and asked him to arrange for Rs 20 lakh for his safe release. He provided them the cellphone number from which Bansal had called him up, Yadav said.The complainant also told police that Bansal's mobile was snatched before he could finish the conversation. He then called up Bansal's residence only to be informed that four CBI 'sleuths' had picked him up from his house saying that a corruption case was pending against him. The men had said that they were taking him to the agency's Lucknow office for questioning.Going by the complainant's account, cops were somewhat confident that Bansal would be somewhere close by. Details of the cellphone from which Bansal made the call to his colleague helped police officials trace the location of the suspects and the victim on the Moradabad-Bareilly-Rampur highway. Subsequently , the Bijnor police informed their Rampur counterparts providing them the description of the four-wheeler in which Bansal was taken away.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "15412321", "title": "Sikhs in Sindri hold prayers to pay tribute to victims of Wisconsin gurdwara shooting", "text": "SINDRI: The shooting at a US gurdwara in which six persons were killed earlier this week has shaken members of the Sikh community as well as others in this fertilizer township.An all-community prayer meeting was organized at the local gurudwara on Wednesday to pay tribute to the deceased in the indiscriminate firing.Several speakers expressed concern over the increase in hate crimes against the Sikh community. Criticizing the incident and the indifferent attitude of the US government in dealing with such incidents, the meeting demanded the US not only to take stern action against the culprit, but also ensure safety and security of all communities and all Indians,Gurudwara Pradhan Balwinder Singh, Gurucharan Singh, Dilwar Singh, Jagdeo Singh, Harender Singh, ward councilor Dinesh Singh, Gaus Mohammed, Akhtar Alam., Mufazuddin Ansari, Omkar Singh, B K Prasad, Anjan Mukherjee were among those present at the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15413781", "title": "EC to probe into allegations against former acting vice chancellor", "text": "INDORE: The governor of the state has directed the executive council of Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya (DAVV) to investigate the allegations against the former acting vice chancellor Dr Rajkamal. He was surrounded in various controversies during his tenure. Recently, a complaint was lodged against him by one Ajay Chordia with the governor alleging that Dr Rajkamal sidelined nearly 55 others and appointed Dr Rajendra Singh as chairman of the CET coordination committee. Allegations were also raised against him for Wipro automation project, which was meant to make varsity paperless and confirming two faculty members in school of computer science against the rules of All India Council for Technical Education. There were more than 10 allegations that were put against Dr Rajkamal for his works.Now, a committee will probe the allegations and submit its report to the members of executive council of the varsity. The EC will then give its recommendations and submit the report to the governor house. Meanwhile, a meeting of executive council meeting has been planned for Thursday, in which nine agendas will be put before the members of the council.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "15412129", "title": "31 dead as bus falls into gorge in Meghalaya", "text": "SHILLONG: In one of the worst road tragedies in the northeast and the country in general in recent times, at least 31 passengers were killed when the bus in which they were travelling plunged into a deep gorge in East Jaintia Hills district of Meghalaya early on Wednesday.\"The night super bus, run by the Sherowali Travels, had a capacity for 35 passengers only. But it was carrying much more people which is the primary reason for the tragedy,\" said a police official. The accident took place at 4.45 am at the landslide-prone village of Tamseng in the Sonapur area, near the Meghalaya-Assam boundary.\"So far we have managed to retrieve 31 dead persons' bodies including those of children and women,\" district superintendent of police M K Dkhar told TOI. He said as many as 27 persons who were critically injured were shifted to the nearby Community Health Centre at Khliehriat, the district headquarters. Some of the injured were also rushed to Silchar, headquarters of Cachar district in neighbouring Assam.The bus, which was on its way to Agartala, started from Guwahati last evening, police said. The driver also died in the accident. Police did not rule out drunken driving to be the cause of the accident.With the onset of monsoon, the crucial highway, which is the lifeline for several NE states, gets frequently blocked due to heavy landslides. Police have set up helplines - 9435651794, 09436162213 and 9435026076 - for establishing contact with the families of the deceased and those injured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15413307", "title": "70-year-old catches robber after hot chase", "text": "MYSORE: When even many youngsters baulk at the thought of intervening to prevent crime, this senior citizen in Mysore didn't think twice before giving hot chase to a chain-snatcher.V Balasubramanyam, a 70-year-old industrialist, caught the robber after a brief chase with the help of public.Balasubramanyam told TOI that he was making tea for his brother and himself at his residence on Veene Shamanna Street in Agrahara after his morning walk when he heard some noise.Initially, he thought it to be a family dispute and he didn't pay heed to it. But when he heard a cry for help, he rushed out to see a youth trying to snatch a woman's gold chain. Immediately he rushed to her help and the youth took to his heels. Unaware of the consequences, \"I gave him a chase and with help of public I nabbed the youth on M G Road, 150m away from the crime spot\".Police have appreciated his bravery and are considering him for a reward. Mysore has witnessed about 95 chain snatchings so far this year. The arrest of the youth on Wednesday has brought a sigh of relief to the cops.Balasubramanyam claims he had requested the city's top cop to curb triple riding of motorbikes following a meeting with Mysore Chamber of Commerce and Industries in March this year. He said he was pained by the frequent chain-snatching crimes in the city. The industrialist says people seem insensitive to it because they think neither they nor their family members are victims.Balasubramanyam's practice of going for a morning walk of 5km every day is keeping him fit and probably this may have motivated the senior citizen to nab the chain-snatcher. The industrialist has also won third prize in Chamundi Hill climbing competition in January this year.Balasubramanyam is a multi-faceted personality. He is running a factory for three-and-half decades. He is also chairman (sub community) of MCCI, Mysore traffic police warden, police helpline senior counselor, police citizen committee member and president of Vipra Balaga.His wife Gayathri was away in Bangalore on Wednesday. Balasubramanyam is great grandson of Veene Shamanna and the street on which he lives is named after his great grandfather.Police commissioner K L Sudheer said the youth, Milan (20), who allegedly attempted to rob, has been handed over to police by public after beating him black and blue. According to preliminary investigations, the victim is a homemaker, Manjula of Uththanahalli. She was on her way to meet one Kalingappa when the incident happened around 7.20am. She held on to her chain until Balasubramanyam rushed to her help.Milan, son of Javarappa, is a college dropout from Hassan. He has sustained injuries all over his body. Krishna Raja police are investigating, said the commissioner adding that they will take the youth into custody to know his involvement in any other crimes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15413029", "title": "Salcete block development officer pulls up eight panchayat", "text": "MARGAO: Pulling up eight panchayats in Salcete for failing to hold a gram sabha meeting in violation of the Goa Panchayat Raj Act 1994, Salcete the block development officer, Uday Prabhudesai, issued notices to the panchayats on Wednesday and ordered them to hold a gram sabha on Sunday (August 12).\"Eight panchayats namely, Navelim, Sarzora, Davorlim- Dicarpale, Telaulim , Carmona, Cavelossim ,Paroda and Guirdolim did not hold gram sabha in the month of July,\" said Prabhudesai ,while pointing out that according to the Act, gram sabhas have to ideally hold four ordinary gram sabha meetings in January, April, July and October.None of the newly formed panchayat bodies have held gram sabhas since they were elected to power.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15417722", "title": "Assam violence brings illegal migration back in focus", "text": "GUWAHATI: The continuing violence in lower Assam has once again brought to the fore the illegal migration and its impact on the socio-economic situation in the state, which had witnessed prolonged unrest on the explosive issue back in the 80s.Seventy-seven people have lost their lives in the sporadic clashes between Bodos and Muslims in BTAD and Dhubri districts in the last fortnight as Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi described the situation as akin to a volcano.Several Bodo organizations as well as some political parties maintain that the violence was the result of unabated influx of immigrants from neighbouring Bangladesh.Muslims along with another section of political parties, however, counter it by claiming that the affected people were not immigrants, but only indigenous members of the community.\"The continuing influx has created pressure on land and this has not only threatened the identity of the indigenous Bodos, but has created lingering tension between them and the immigrants, culminating in the recent violence,\"President of EX-Bodoland Liberation Tigers (BLT) Welfare Associaton Jonomohan Muchahary pointed out.\"The ongoing tension in BTAD is a fight between indigenous people and illegal immigrants. The Bodos are the original residents of the BTAD and their leadership has to be accepted by the others living in the area,\" Chairperson of Bodo Justice Women's Forum (BJWF) Anjali Daimary said.Political parties like the BJP, too, blamed illegal migration for the recent clashes with its leader L K Advani urging the Centre to treat the situation as a foreigners' issue and not as a Bodo versus Muslim issue.Several organisations like the Assam Public Works (APW) have claimed that out of the 28 districts in Assam, 11 districts have become minority-dominated and these will be substantiated once the 2011 census reports, religion wise, are published by the census authorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15414611", "title": "Gurdwara firing: Ludiana prays for victims", "text": "LUDHIANA: Offering prayers for those killed in the firing at a Wisconsin gurdwara late Sunday morning, a candlelight vigil was organized at Gurdwara Guru Singh Sabha, Sarabha Nagar, on Wednesday.Gurdev Nagar resident Harjinder Singh Kukreja, who put together the vigil, said, \"We gathered at the gurdwara and were joined by members of the shrine committee. We prayed for peace to the departed souls and lit candles near Nishan Sahib.\"Randeep Singh Baweja of Gurdev Nagar, who is a businessman and also an American citizen, said, \"We feel for innocent people who were killed in the incident and I pray that nothing like this happens again. May their souls rest in peace.\"Raman Singh, a 20 year-old-resident of Sargodha Colony, said, \"I was really disturbed after the incident and am feeling lighter after offering prayers at the gurdwara. Love and peace must prevail in the world and this is the philosophy of Indian culture and the Sikh religion.\"Resonating that sentiment, Sarabha Nagar's Gaurav Vig said, \"Indians are peaceful by nature and we have always talked about love and harmony. Guru Nanak Dev spread and carried this message of Bhakti to so many places. At the time when gurdwaras are opening even in places like Dubai, this act in US is really a slap on the face of humanity. I pray no such incident is ever repeated.\"Talking to TOI, president of Gurdwara Guru Singh Sabha Jatinder Singh Sandhu said, \"No religious place should ever be attacked as people not only pray for the community there, but for entire humanity. It is really painful that innocent people saying prayers were killed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15411719", "title": "HC orders for FIR against KSDSU VC, others", "text": "PATNA: A single bench of Patna high court presided by Justice A K Tripathi, on Wednesday, ordered for lodging an FIR against the vice-chancellor, registrar and examination controller of Kameshwar Singh Darbhanga Sanskrit University ( KSDSU).The court took cognisance of a state vigilance investigation bureau report stating that the university had withheld the results of 19 genuine students of Bachelor in Ayurvedic Medicine and Surgery (BAMS) course of Gaya Ayurvedic College after declaring them fake.Justice Tripathi had earlier directed the bureau to probe the allegations of the writ petitioners, Mrityunjaya Kumar and others that they were genuine BAMS final year students of the university.The court will monitor the probe against the VC, registrar and the examination controller, Justice Tripathi added.Petitioner's counsel Shambhu Nath submitted that due to highhandedness by the university officials, the results of the petitioners were not published which jeopardized their career prospects.JPNAIIMS: The Patna high court on Wednesday directed the owner of contractor firm, B L Kashyap and Sons, which was awarded the contract for construction of super speciality hospital building of Jayaprakash Narayan All India Institute of Medical Sciences (JPNAIIMS), Patna, to appear before it on August 22 and explain why contempt proceedings be not initiated against him for violating the court order for completing the construction of the hospital building within scheduled time.State government standing counsel, Shashi Bhushan Kumar, pointed out that the Union government, through its counsel Vinay Kumar Pandey, has already submitted that the contractor was given Rs 132 crore in advance for construction of the hospital building.The Patna district magistrate on Wednesday submitted his report before the court that the contractor was awarded contract of Rs 248.7 crore for completing the construction work before September, 2012. The construction work entailed completion of hospital block, OPD block, Ayush and PMR block, trauma block, seven ancillary buildings housing boiler, mortuary, gas plant room, an incinerator etc. But only about 45% work has been completed so far, the report said.PMC commissioner: A single bench of Justice Navaniti Prasad Singh directed the Patna municipal commissioner to appear before it in a contempt case on Thursday to explain why the payment of salary arrears of a retired supervisor of PMC Ramesh Prasad Gupta was not made.Petitioner's counsel Rakesh Narayan Singh submitted that the high court had ordered payment of arrears of salary of the petitioner on July 29, 2009, which has not yet been paid by the PMC. The counsel said due to non-payment of his arrears the petitioner had to borrow money for solemnizing marriage of his daughter and now he was under pressure to pay back the loan amount.Order reserved: A single bench of Justice V N Sinha reserved the order on a writ petition of H S Himkar, who accused the officials of Rajivnagar police station, Patna, of trespassing into his house in Nepalinagar locality during night recently. Himkar submitted that he was subjected to police highhandedness.BCI chairman: Chairman of Bar Council of India (BCI), Manan Kumar Mishra, on Wednesday opposed the recent proposal of the central government to form a judicial commission having the prime minister, leader of the opposition in the Lok Sabha and some other ministers, for appointment of judges. Mishra appealed to the Union minister of law and justice not to disturb the collegium system. He urged the Union law minister to enhance the retirement age of high court judges from 62 to 65 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15413685", "title": "Health department showers 'ashirwad' on Gujarat's children", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The state health department has come up with the 'Ashirwad' scheme to cover schoolgoing and non-schoolgoing children. The scheme is part of the Child Health Guarantee Plan ( CHGP) and children suffering from anemia would be offered Ironpholic tablets for their health.Nodal officer (Ashirwad) and additional CMO, Dr OP Bhaskar told TOI: \"Under the first phase of the scheme 2012-13, we would be covering children aged between 6 and 16 years studying in government primary, junior and high schools for all medical facilities.He added under the second phase of scheme, children studying in government aided schools, vocational schools, labour department and social welfare department run schools, orphanages, madrassa and juvenile homes would be covered.Dr Bhaskar pointed out that under the third phase, non-school going children would be covered. Health check up of such children aged between one and six years would be conducted with the help of aanganwari workers at aanganwari schools. And, children age above six years would be identified and covered with the help of ASHAs. Children residing at construction site, brick kiln centers, banjare ghumantu species would be covered.Additional CMO, National Rural Health Mission, Dr Chandan Lal told TOI: \"Medical teams comprising a doctor, a nursing staff and a paramedical staff would be assigned the task of medical check-up of children. These medical teams would be conducting screening, investigation, referral and treatment of school going and non schoolgoing children.Dr Lal said that \"ASHAs and ANMs are assigned to check institutional deliveries and infants/children health programmes time to time under the integrated child protection programme (ICPP) and children of rural areas aged between 2 and 16 years are also covered under Bal Swasthya Guarantee Yojana.As it is known that children aged between 2 and 16 years usually reside at their homes in rural areas, medical teams have been constituted to cover all the children in all 20 blocks of the district.Deputy CMO, Dr Vivek Srivastava maintained \"assistance of teachers would be taken in conducting medical check- up of school going children and they would also be offered D-verming tablets.He added that for the better coordination of scheme, the help of other government departments including Basic Siksha Adhikari, Additional Basic Siksha Adhikari, Disrict Inspector of school, District Coordinator ( Sarva Siksha Abhiyan) and Director Mid-Day Meal Plan has been sought to make the scheme a mega success.Meanwhile, Chief Medical Officer, Dr. Padmakar Singh said \" we have planned to take assistance from Indian Medical Association and Indian Academy of Pediatrics\". He added that health officials would be further coordinating principals of schools to chalk out strategies for the scheme before its implementation\".Deputy CMO, Dr. SP Singh told TOI \" we would be ensuring that medical teams should visit schools areas twice in a month for the proper medical check up of children. He added that there is proposal to maintain \" health card\" of each and every child.Meanwhile, Dr. Bhaskar out that \" we are chalking out microplanning of entire project at block level and efforts are underway to identify the schools block wise and enrollment of school children at the earliest. He hoped that list of schools and enrollment of school children would be done till August 10\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-09"}
