{"city": "kochi", "code": "15453320", "title": "Centre finalizes nominees to director board of Kochi Metro Rail Limited", "text": "KOCHI: The Centre has finalized the names of its five nominees to the director board of Kochi Metro Rail Limited while the state will approve its names in the ensuing Cabinet session.Sudhir Krishna, secretary of the ministry of urban development (MUD), said that the ministry had already communicated the names of the nominees to the state, and that the KMRL board would meet after the state finalized its nominees. The state can nominate five members including the managing director of the board.As per the communication from the Centre, Sudhir will be the ex-officio chairman of the KMRL Board, while S K Lohia, officer on special duty (Urban Transport) and ex-officio joint secretary at MUD will be a member. Jitendra Thyagi, director (works) in the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation, D D Pahuja, director (Rolling Stock, Signalling and Electrical) at the Bangalore Metro Rail Corporation and A K Gupta, additional member (works) from the Railway Board are the other three nominees. According to sources in the government, the state nominees to KMRL would also be officials and not politicians. Some sections in the government had wanted the KMRL board to be similar to the Cochin International Airport Limited Board, wherein the political executive could find representation. But the state received enough hints from the Centre that this would be difficultto give berth to the political executive in the KMRL Board. This is the case in Delhi and Bangalore Metro as well.However, transport minister Aryadan Muhammed parried a direct question in this regard. \"The names of the state nominees will be announced as soon as the next Cabinet meeting approves it. It will be unfair on my part to comment on it before that.At present, there are ministers in the KMRL Board. But this need not be the case in the reconstituted board.\" Sudhir added that no date had been fixed for the maiden meeting of the reconstituted board. \"Once the state finalizes their names, we will fix a date. The roadmap for executing the project will also be finalized soon,\" he said.There will be a high-powered committee to monitor the execution of Kochi Metro and the cabinet secretary and the state chief secretary will be among its members.The coverage of the empowered group of ministers in charge of the Delhi Metro project would be extended to Kochi Metro also. According to sources in the Centre, the chief minister would be made a permanent invitee to it.The Centre has finalised the names of its five nominees to the director board of Kochi Metro Rail Limited (KMRL) while the state will approve its names in the ensuing Cabinet session.Sudhir Krishna, secretary of the Ministry of Urban Development (MUD), told TOI here from New Delhi over telephone that the Ministry had already communicated the names of the Central nominees to the State government, and the KMRL board would meet after the state finalises its nominees.As per the communication from the Centre Sudhir will be the ex-officio chairman of the KMRL Board, while S K Lohia, Officer on Special Duty (Urban Transport) and ex-officio Joint Secretary at the MUD will be a member.Jitendra Thyagi, Director (Works) in the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC), D D Pahuja, Director (Rolling Stock, Signalling and Electrical) at the Bangalore Metro Rail Corporation Limited and A K Gupta, Additional Member (Works) from the Railway Board will be the other three nominees of the Centre to the KMRL board.Sources in the Kerala government said just like the representatives from the Central government, the state nominees to the KMRL would also be officials, and not politicians.Some sections in the Kerala government had wanted a KMRL board to be similar to the board of the Cochin International Airport Limited (CIAL) where the political executive could find representation. But the state government is reported to have received enough hints from the Centre that it would be difficult to give berth to the political executive in the KMRL Board. Ministers or other political executives do not find representation in the directors boards of the metro rail companies in Delhi or Bangalore.However, the Kerala Minister Aryadan Muhammed who is in charge of the Railways in the state parried a direct question in this regard. The names of the state government nominees would be announced as soon as the next Cabinet meeting approved it. It would not be fair on my part to comment on it before the Cabinet approves it. Currently there are Ministers in the KMRL Board. But this need not be the case in the reconstituted board. '''The State can nominate five members to the KMRL board including the managing director.Sudhir said no date had been fixed for the maiden meeting of the reconstituted KMRL director board. The State government has to finalise their names and then we would a fix a date for the meeting. The roadmap for executing the project would also be finalised soon,'' he said.There will be a high power committee to monitor the execution the Kochi metro rail project and Cabinet Secretary and the state chief secretary will be among its members. The coverage of empowered group of ministers (EGOM) in charge of the Delhi metro project would be extended to Kochi metro project as well and the Chief Minister would be made a permanent invitee to it, central government sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15459088", "title": "Dannii Minogue alters eating habits with age", "text": "Dannii Minogue has revealed that she has started eating more carbs since turning 40 as she believes it will help her face stay youthful.The 'Australia's Got Talent' judge, who reached the milestone age last October, admitted that she has changed her eating habits to include more bread, rice and pasta.\"It's all about eating carbs in your forties. Not so great for the figure, but you have to for your face,\" Contactmusic quoted her as telling Glamour magazine.Meanwhile she is also very thrilled that her Project D clothing line, which she co-founded with best friend Tabitha Somerset Webb, is growing further.The crooner is pretty excited about what the future holds for the firm.\"I love the business side of it and I'm learning all the time. But it's so time-consuming. We're re-branding at the moment, so we've got lots of exciting stuff on the cards,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15453651", "title": "Cops nab four vehicle-lifters", "text": "KANPUR: The police on Saturday arrested four youths including an MBA degree holder and an under-graduate for allegedly stealing two-wheelers in various parts of the state besides neighbouring Madhya Pradesh .DIG, Amitabh Yash said that the arrested were identified as Ajay Chaurasiya and Akshay Pratap Singh of Raebareli, Ketan Shukla and Rajat Chaurasiya, both natives of Mohanlalganj Lucknow. \"They were nabbed during checking on Ganga Barrage area late on Friday night,\" he said.The police have recovered three stolen motorcycles and a mobile phone from their possession.Station Officer Bidhnoo Gyanendra Singh informed that Ajay had done his MBA from a local management institute while Akshay Pratap is pursuing BSc from a degree college in Nawabganj area of Gonda district. During interrogation Ajay said that he had committed crime as he was running short of money for treatment of his critically ill daughter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15453556", "title": "Police patrol restores peace in Jharkhand", "text": "RANCHI: Peace prevailed largely across the city on Saturday after Friday's clashes between two groups. A large number of police personnel were deployed at Albert Ekka Chowk, Church Road, Daily Market and other places where violence was reported on Friday. The areas were under thick police cover for the Dahi Handi programme organized to celebrate Janmashtami on Friday night and the event was celebrated peacefully. Kotwali DSP Surendra Singh Pal was at Albert Ekka Chowk since Saturday morning to ensure that no untoward incident takes place.Shopkeepers whose establishments were damaged in Friday's violence also organized a rally demanding compensation and immediate arrest of those responsible. One of them, Jaipal Soni, said: \"Our shops have been badly damaged without any fault of ours. Violence is not the way to protest against anything. We want the police to arrest those responsible immediately.\" A group had forced all shops in these areas to shut down. A shopkeeper in H B Road said: \"The bandh supporters told us to down shutters or our shops would be ransacked. We complied with their diktat out of fear and to avoid any confrontation.\"Almost all shops in HB Road, Albert Ekka Chowk, Church Road, and Daily Market were closed from 10am to 1pm on Saturday and they only opened after the police started patrolling the area. The presence of security personnel, however, could not instill confidence in everybody and many preferred not to open their shops. Ranchi SP (City) Vipul Shukla also patrolled the affected areas and assured the shopkeepers of security.Meanwhile, a group of shopkeepers visited the Daily Market police station and demanded the arrest of the perpetrators of Friday's violence. \"I have asked them to file a case against those involved in vandalism. No case has been filed so far. Only after a case is filed that we can arrest the culprits,\" said the SP. He, however, added that the police would file a case on its own if the shopkeepers refused to do it.The police are identifying the culprits on the basis of photographs published in newspapers. On Friday afternoon, a group took out a rally and all of a sudden started ransacking shops situated at main road . The rally, as the agitators claimed, was organized in support of Buddhist's vigilantes attack on a bus that killed nine Muslims in Myanmar recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "15453429", "title": "Pinarayi Vijayan takes a dig at CPI", "text": "KANNUR: CPM state secretary Pinarayi Vijayan, who here on Saturday expressed extreme displeasure as well as pain over the lack of support for the party from its allies, especially the CPI, said one of party's 'best friends' was now encouraging its rivals.\"A friend is supposed to stand by you in tough times; but our best friend is of a peculiar type,\" he said. Pinarayi was speaking after inaugurating the 8th state conference of Anganwadi Workers and Helpers Association affiliated to the CITU.\"Even though it was party workers like P Manoj and Aneeshraj who had been killed, our rivals have been branding CPM as the party of killers. And at such a time, instead of standing by the party, which is being targeted by the right-wing parties and media, our 'best friend' says they \"are not a party of killers', Pinarayi said.Following the arrest of P Jayarajan when police were targeting party workers, a CPM leader called a CPI leader and sought his party's cooperation for a joint protest, but that was rejected, said Pinarayi. He said the CPM would go ahead with its plans without taking into account the attitude of such parties.Meanwhile, CPI state secretary Pannyan Raveendran has said that no party has the right to say that its orders should be obeyed by other parties in the alliance. He was speaking to reporters in Thrissur on Saturday.Alleging that the UDF government was bent on implicating CPM leaders in fake cases, Pinarayi said the case against P Jayarajan in the Shukkoormurder case under section 118 IPC was an example for this. The director general of prosecution came to the high court to argue against Jayarajan's bail plea, which underscores the UDF government's agenda, he added.Pinarayi also alleged that Oommen Chandy was protecting the real estate mafia and that was why he was not saying anything about the statements being made by chief whip P C George on the Nelliampathy issue despite strong opposition from even some of his party MLAs.He also said the contributory pension scheme was not in the interest of the state, the employees or the people in general. The end result would be the government stopping even the family pension, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15454092", "title": "Digital governance scheme gathers steam", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: When Amudala Janakiram got his residence certificate on September 6 last year, the Gopalpur notified area council chairman was among the first in Odisha to get a digitally signed certificate completely processed online.\"When we issued the e-certificate to Janakiram, most government employees were cynical about the feasibility of the e-governance initiative,\" said a senior officer associated with implementation of the e-district programme in Ganjam district.The programme has since gathered momentum and the southern Odisha district has been providing five certificates, namely, caste, residence, solvency, income and legal heir, to people after processing those online. \"We have covered all 199 revenue inspector circles in the district. Manual processing of the said five certificates is almost negligible,\" said Ganjam collector Krishan Kumar.Ganjam and Mayurbhanj were the two districts where pilot implementation of the ambitious e-district programme has been launched. \"Though the programme has been there for about four years, implementation work has taken off since the past two months,\" an officer noted. The results have started showing: nearly 20,000 processed online have been delivered to applicants.\"We are happy with the progress and are targeting to roll out the facility to all 30 districts within three months,\" a senior revenue department officer said.Under the programme, covered by the Union government's National e-Governance Plan (NeGP), the state government has identified 25 services that can be provided to citizens through online processing within fixed deadlines. While five services have begun in the initial phase, work is current on to provide other services like certified copies of record of rights (pattas), birth and death certificates, sources said.However, official sources said they are unsure on how long it would take to deliver all 25 services. \"With the state government expected to table the Right to Public Services Bill in the ensuing monsoon session of Assembly slated from August 28, the pressure is on the administration to put in place the required infrastructure and trained manpower to deliver various services on time,\" an officer.Sources said the revenue department is keen to go-ahead with its targets and expand the facility to all 317 tahasils in the state by November 15, but the information technology and other administrative departments are not prepared to expand e-district programme to all districts. \"The pilot projects in Ganjam and Mayurbhanj are scheduled to end in March, 2013. We intend to roll out all 25 services in these two districts before scaling up the programme to other places,\" a senior IT department officer said, adding, \"We would need around 8500 common services centres (CSCs), from where citizens can avail the services. Presently 3800 CSCs have connectivity, but only 2200 are functioning. Unless we have the CSCs it makes little sense to expand to all districts,\" the officer noted. Moreover, the statewide area network ( SWAN) and state service delivery gateway have to be in place, the officer added.Secretary, IT, Madhusudan Padhee did not give a deadline, saying: \"We are on the job to create the necessary IT infrastructure. Various other departments shall have to also play their parts before the e-district programme can be comprehensively extended to all parts of the state.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "amritsar/islamabad", "code": "15454205", "title": "100 Pak Hindus cross over to India", "text": "AMRITSAR/ISLAMABAD: Over 100 Pakistani Hindu pilgrims arrived in India via Attari border near Amritsar on Saturday a day after almost as many had crossed over. The fresh batch is part of a 223-member group that had initially been detained a day earlier amid concerns in Pakistan that they intended to seek asylum in India due to persecution they face.The concerns had forced Pakistan President Asif Ali Zardari to constitute a three-member committee of parliamentarians that would visit Sindh, where a majority of Pakistani Hindus live, to express solidarity with the community and reassure them of their security. The committee has been asked to submit a report to the president.The pilgrims have 33-day visas to visit Amritsar, Indore, Haridwar, Rishikesh and Delhi. Many were seen carrying excessive baggage that included pillows, bed sheets, flour and cereals as well. The mood among pilgrims was mixed as some said they would return while others want to stay back.Raj Singh, a pilgrim from Jacobabad in Sindh that has witnessed several kidnapping and forced conversions, maintained that they live \"peacefully in Pakistan'' and that all pilgrims will go back. \"We have no intentions to stay back.\" But he added that India should offer citizenship to Pakistani Hindus.He explained the reasons for carrying excess luggage, saying they are here for about a month and needed everything. Another pilgrim, Amar, said at least 100 among them would stay back as fundamentalists target them, kidnap girls and boys for ransom. Fellow pilgrim Gobhu Mal said the situation was bad in upper Sindh but not in Halam where he lives. Jetha Nand, a resident of Kot Ghulam in Mirpur Khas district, said he has never seen anything happening against Hindus in his area. \"The government gives us good protection.\" But a woman pilgrim said kidnapping and forcible conversions are common in Sindh and other districts of Pakistan bordering Afghanistan . \"But we have to live with the situation and keep our mouth shut.\" She said many people wanted to stay back and were just looking for the right time.They were allowed to cross after they assured officials of their return to Pakistan.\"The departing families had assured authorities that they are going for annual pilgrimage and no one intends to emigrate,\" said Santosh Puri, a spokesperson for the pilgrims. Recently, a number of Hindu girls have converted to marry Muslims. But it has been difficult to ascertain whether conversions were voluntary or under duress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15454459", "title": "Auto unions threaten to go on strike", "text": "PATNA: Commuters can expect some tough times ahead. A section of the autorickshaw drivers union has threatened to go on strike on August 24.The Patna District Autorickshaw Drivers Union and Patna Autorickshaw Chalak Sangh's joint action committee here on Saturday threatened to go on strike if the state government failed to concede their five-point demand. The general secretary of the union, Raj Kumar Jha, and its secretary Navin Kumar Mishra on Saturday met the DIG (central range), Sunil Kumar, and submitted a copy of their demands. \"The DIG has assured our representatives to resolve the issues after August 15,\" Jha said.Over 24,000 autorickshaws ply on city roads everyday. The autorickshaw union leaders have been demanding disciplinary action against cops who rained lathis on drivers. The two unions have also demanded adequate compensation to injured autorickshaw drivers. The leaders also demanded of the administration to withdraw the case lodged against their union secretary Navin Kumar Mishra.Appealing to the concerned authorities to stop targeting auto drivers, the union representatives also urged the police and the district administration to demarcate areas for autos at railway stations, bus depots and other public places. Their most important demand is to stop seizure of autos and dumping them at traffic police station despite availability of relevant documents. They also urged to revoke the SP (traffic) orders of declaring possession of photocopies of original document as illegal and stop imposing a fine of Rs 1,200.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15454938", "title": "We will party harder now, say victims of moral policing attack", "text": "MANGALORE: The partying spirit has not ebbed in Vijay Kumar and Gurudath Kamath, who faced wrath of moral police at Morning Mist Home-Stay here on July 28. Rather than allow that incident get the better of them, the duo, who are into event management, asserted on Saturday they would party harder at Vijay's next birthday.Interacting with the media for the first time since the attack by a mob of Hindu Jagarana Vedike activists, the duo said they were at the home-stay at Padil to celebrate Vijay and his friend Rekha's (name changed) birthday. \"While Rekha's birthday was held first in the afternoon, me and my friends were preparing to celebrate mine later. It was to involve only men,\" Vijay said. Rekha's birthday party involved 10 people excluding Vijay and Gurudath, who were there initially.Vijay said that after cutting Rekha's birthday cake and sharing it, he left the venue around 3.30pm and returned at 6.30pm. Meanwhile, two of Rekha's friends had left the venue, leaving eight of them - five girls and three boys - at the venue. Three other friends of Vijay and Gurudath joined them. There were 13 revellers at Morning Mist when the attackers started assaulting them. Two of them saved themselves by locking themselves in toilets, Vijay said. The attackers took away three gold chains, two cellphones, two wallets containing around Rs 4,500 in all. The loss could be upwards of Rs 2 lakh, Gurudath said, adding they fought back after the initial shock.Observing that police had arrested most of those involved in the incident, Vijay Kumar said there are many others who should be caught. \"The probe should be done by CBI and the case should be heard by a fast-track court,\" the duo said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "15454858", "title": "We disowned him for his thuggish ways: Pallavi killer\u2019s dad", "text": "SRINAGAR: Mumbai lawyer Pallavi Purkayastha's killer, Sajjad Mughal, had left home in Salamabad near the Line of Control in Jammu and Kashmir's Baramulla district five years back after his family had disowned him for his \"thuggish ways''.Sajjad's father, Aziz Mughal, said they were clueless about his whereabouts till Sajjad contacted them a year later to tell that he was going to Singapore for a job. He later called them to tell them that he had returned to Mumbai after a two-year stay abroad.Aziz described his 22-year-old eldest son as a \"ruffian from the beginning'' who never helped him support his family of seven. He said Sajjad, a school dropout, used to roam around in their locality, do \"all bad things'', and pick up fights.\"He dropped out of school despite my pleas against it,'' continued his father. Aziz said Sajjad had left home with a truck driver and after sometime told him that he worked with some \"Sheriff Khan Company'' in Mumbai.A neighbour broke the story about the 25-year-old's murder to the family that does not have a TV and ekes out a living from Aziz's meager salary as porter at the India-Pakistan trade post along the LoC.The father said Sajjad never sent them any money but used to call them once in a while. \"His cell phone has been switched off for some time,\" he said. Sources said the local police had questioned Aziz after the news of the murder can out.A senior police officer said Sajjad may have got his passport fraudulently if he has indeed travelled to Singapore. The regional passport office sources said Sajjad was not issued a passport from Srinagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15455366", "title": "'We had to bring our excreta and urine back from Antarctica'", "text": "No man rules this land mass which is 58 times bigger than the United Kingdom , holds 70% of world's freshwater reserves, probably has the secrets of the history of the world hidden in its bosom and which is protected by approximately 500 kms of frozen ocean. Antarctica or the South Pole may not be a home to any man, but it is the dream laboratory for many academicians of the world.Nagpur University's Kirtikumar Randive, assistant professor of geology (Sr), was one lucky person as he got selected to participate in the 31st Indian Scientific Expedition to Antarctica recently. Here, he shares his experience with TOI.Excerpts from an interview...Q. How did this expedition to Antarctica come about? What were its objectives?A. The National Centre for Antarctic and Ocean Research (NCAOR), Ministry of Earth Sciences (MOES), Goa is the nodal agency for facilitating research in Antarctica. They invite project proposals from the scientific and research organizations and other individual researchers who have to submit a research proposal. After a thorough scrutiny by experts, a list of tentative candidates is announced. My project was related to Lamprophyre, a type of rock which is found in the Indian subcontinent as well as Antarctica. The aim of my research is to throw more light on the formation of modern continents from the erstwhile Gondwanaland.Q. Is only academic qualification enough to earn a place in the Antarctic expedition?A. Certainly not. Apart from being academically qualified, one has to be physically and mentally fit too. A series of health check-ups and psychological tests are conducted after our proposals are selected. After clearing all the tests, we underwent a 15-day training camp in Uttarakhand conducted by the Indo-Tibetan Border Police for ice and snow acclimatization. In this expedition, the psychological well-being of a person is as important as his or her physical fitness. The conditions in Antarctica are harsh and we have very limited contact with the rest of the world, and in such circumstances having a sound mind with a positive attitude is very crucial.Q. What was your impression of Antarctica?A. It was completely overwhelming. It's a cold desert and there is absolutely nothing as far as the horizon. The magnificence of this vast land mass covered with snow was awe inspiring. But it was as dangerous too. As there was nearly no obstruction and the scattering of light is less, there are a lot of illusions.Q. Where did you live? What were the living conditions like? Were there any special rules to follow?A. Our team was of 31 out of which 12 were scientists while the others were technicians. We lived in the Indian research station Matiri in East Antarctica. It has all the facilities which are needed for living and conducting research activities comfortably. There are ample rations for all and facilities like musical instruments, books and film CD's for our entertainment. One very important thing while living there is to take care that the environment is not disturbed, which is why we have to bring our excreta back to India. Solid waste is burned and the ash is brought back, while urine is brought back in containers. This might sound dirty, but it is of utmost importance that Antarctica doesn't bear the brunt of human inhabitation.Q. There are so many countries maintaining stations in Antarctica, how is it working there? What are the diplomatic relations like?A. Working in Antarctica exposes one to the different works which scientists from all over the world and also their way of work. Also, all the countries are bound by the Antarctic Treaty which decreed that no nation may stake claim in any part of Antarctica and that cooperation be achieved for international scientific development. Also, any kind of exploration for oil was also banned. But like everywhere else, the powerful countries want to maintain their monopoly in research field too and it requires a lot of diplomatic tussle in order to start and station in Antarctica. It is a place of geopolitical significance where India has maintained a successful presence.Q. What is the significance of Antarctica?A. Antarctica is practically a natural laboratory. Here, the ice is as old as 1000 years which can help us to uncover new facts about the climate changes in the past, which in turn will help us predict the course of climate in the future. It is nearly an undisturbed environment from where we can learn a lot about earth's past. Also, it is important because 90% of world's ice is in Antarctica. If it were to melt, the massacre it will create cannot be imagined.Q. Any special memories?A. The whole trip was memorable. We went in the summer months and thus the sun shone nearly throughout our stay. It was only once that it set and we saw the moon only for 4 minutes. Cyclones constantly hit Antarctica. They are very violent, but when it is right on top of us there is an eerie calm which settles, that was one of the most amazing experiences I had, it even snowed in that period. Also, I was lucky to host the Republic Day celebrations of the Indian station, which remains the proudest moment of my expedition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15454534", "title": "Science minister gets rain statistics mixed up?", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Did Ashwani Kumar, minister of state for science and technology, get his rain statistics mixed up?The minister on Saturday showed unwarranted optimism about monsoon being able to beat the widely held prognosis of being deficient this year, claiming that the country has received 90% rainfall \u2014 a mere 6% short of the normal figure. \"The latest figures that we have got tell us that there have been 90% rains, while 96% is normal. 90% is less than normal and there is deficiency, but by August end, the range of deficiency will be considerably narrowed,\" a PTI report quoted him.Significantly, the figures are in stark contrast with the Indian Meteorological Department website which shows the monsoon to be deficient by 17%.However, Kumar, who was speaking at the PGI's Research Weekend, banked on rains in various parts of the country over the past few days and said the situation has improved although \"we are still overall deficient\". \"Though it will still be deficient, but not to the extent what it looked 15 days back,\" the minister said.When contacted by TOI about the statistics he doled out, the minister said he had been misquoted by the news agency. \"I had said that 90% was the projection and not the position as of today. I was trying to say that by the time the monsoon ends, towards August end, the gap would have been bridged. We would still be short but in some parts of the country the monsoon is as expected and there are some places it is in excess.\"Offering an explanation, Kumar said, \"One cannot predict for sure about rains as nature is in command here.\"However, Met department had predicted 96% rains of the long-term average, with an error of plus or minus 4%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15454905", "title": "Dance and theatre meet for a cause", "text": "NEW DELHI: Much is said about female foeticide, but rarely through performance. But Behati Ganga, a show staged in the capital on Saturday evening, was an endeavor to highlight the issue using the medium of contemporary dance.Sangeeta Sharma, founder-director of Anveshana Dance Theatre not only conceived the show but says it's her tribute to womanhood. \"I believe in activism through performance, because it entertains and provokes at the same time. It also helps connect with people,\" she says.The show, part of an event that was dedicated to the girl child, was organized by Delhi Gynecologist Forum, Wellbeing of Women India, and Gulshan Homz and depicts the relationship between a mother and her unborn girl child in the midst of societal pressure. Through the use of suggestive props \u2014 a womb, large hoops, sheets of fabric, and a large mask with eyes that represents the society \u2014 poetry, music, and the soothing sound of water, it shows the conflict between the internal and external world.The unborn child senses she is unwelcome in the outside world, and would rather remain safe in her mother's heart, but also wants to evolve as a free being. The mother, on the other hand, is trapped by societal pressure.\"I likened a woman to a flowing river. There can be a tsunami when a river is blocked, and I want to show what can happen if society represses women,\" says Sharma, who plays the role of the mother.Sharma first presented the show in 2005, and has since performed it with her team nationally and internationally, in both urban and rural areas. At the end, the audience is left guessing whether the mother chooses to give birth to her girl child. \"I have to leave that decision to the society,\" she adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15454993", "title": "Youngsters urged to step out of their comfort zone", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A National Entrepreneurship Summit 2012 was organized by Rayat Bahra Group in collaboration with TIE - Chandigarh Chapter and PHD Chamber of Commerce on Saturday.Stressing that the country has become the largest customer-centric market in the world, Vishal Jain, CEO of the company, pointed out that new trends were emerging in the region for business. He, however, asked youngsters to step out of their comfort zones to utilize these opportunities.More than 120 entrepreneurs from North India took part in this event inaugurated by Bhawna Garg, special secretary, Science, Technology and Environment, Punjab.The event saw discussions on how start-ups can support the industry in going to their next level, designing new products and services, identifying shortcomings and improving them. It also stressed how the industry can help young start-ups in terms of providing business opportunities through various MOUs and agreements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15458207", "title": "Delighted that our one-lines get applause: Sajid-Farhad", "text": "If the 'Hinglish' of Ajay Devgn in 'Bol Bachchan' or the crocodile biting John Abraham in 'Housefull 2' could tickle the funny bone of the audience, then that's the USP of brothers Sajid and Farhad Samji, who have become Bollywood's bankable movie writers.The goofy lines in films like 'Bol Bachchan', 'Housefull 2', 'Ready', 'Golmaal Returns', 'Golmaal 3' may not sound logical, but Sajid and Farhad are happy that they have been appreciated by the audience.\"We are happy with the reception that we have got from the industry. To see our punch lines getting the applause...one-liners getting whistles from masses is a great thing. We are delighted we have reached here. We hope to receive the love and affection that writers Salim-Javed got,\" the duo told PTI.\"People used to go to watch films that were written by Salim-Javed. We hope it happens with us as well,\" they said.For the duo, it all started towards the end of 80s when the Mumbai-based Samji family moved to Bangalore. There Farhad's knack of writing parodies and songs won him praise from family and friends.In 1999, both the brothers set off for Bollywood and decided to team up and write lyrics. For this, they returned to Mumbai.Their struggle began as they tried to find a foothold in B-town. The duo used to carry a plastic bucket and sticks to give instant demos of their songs to directors or actors with bucket-drumming.\"We wrote all sorts of songs, only the 'tapori' ones were appreciated,\" Sajid said.Their meeting with Salman Khan earned them their first break, who fixed up a meeting with director David Dhawan .In 2002, the duo got their first break in David's film 'Hum Kisise Kum Nahin' with song 'Munna Mobile Pappu Pager'.Their next big break came in the form of Raju Hirani's 'Munnabhai MBBS' in which Farhad co-wrote the song 'M Bole To' with Rahat Indori.Their major writing assignment came when Ram Gopal Verma offered them to write the screenplay and dialogues for Mohit Ahlawat-starrer ' Shiva' (2006). \"This was our first writing assignment and since then there was no looking back,\" Farhad said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15461154", "title": "Mumbai govt should act upon the advisory of union ministries on cellphone towers", "text": "MUMBAI: In an important advisory issued this week, the union environment ministry has stated that new cellphone towers should not be constructed within a radius of one kilometre of existing towers, in view of the electro magnetic radiation (EMR) threat they imbue. But more significantly it has advised local governments to undertake a review of existing towers and relocate or remove ones that pose a threat. It has also recommended an urgent refining of safe standards of exposure.The guidelines follow the report of an expert committee which was set up to study the possible impact of communication towers on wildlife including birds and bees. \"The review of the available scientific information by the Expert Committee in the report indicates that the EMR interfere with the biological systems,\" states the advisory.India has an estimated four lakh cellphone towers currently and is likely to get another lakh by the year 2014. There have been many protests across cities over the unfeterred proliferation of cellphone towers, with some reaching local courts. In Mumbai for instance, some residents have recently formed a group, Indians for Safe Environment to protest against the radiation-related health hazards of these towers.\"Regular auditing and monitoring of EMR should be conducted in urban localities, ducational/hospital/industrial/residential/recreational premises and especially around the protected areas and ecologically sensitive areas,\" states the ministry's advisory, clearing adding that \"problematic towers from an EMR point of view should be got suitably relocated or removed\".What is important now is that local governments pro-actively work upon the ministry's diktats and they don't fall into a vacuum. An inter-ministerial committee had for instance, in December advised that cellphone tower radiation be brought down to one-tenth its existing levels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15455227", "title": "TDP to campaign for SC categorization", "text": "HYDERABAD: Telugu Desam Party (TDP) president N Chandrababu Naidu announced on Saturday that his party would launch a campaign for a constitutional amendment to bring into effect the SC categorization.If implemented, the new classification will favour the Madigas, who are prevalent in the Telangana region, over the Malas.After a politburo meeting, Naidu said that his party is committed to the earlier stand of SC categorization.\"Even the Usha Mehra Commission in 2008 recommended the categorization. I hope the Mala community will understand why such a decision was taken by the TDP\" he said.Naidu stated that the TDP will write a letter to the Centre seeking the necessary amendments in the constitution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "15455531", "title": "Mother jumps to death from running train with 2 kids", "text": "GONDIA: A woman from Chandrapur committed suicide by jumping off from a running train along with her two children near village Gumadhawda in Tirora tehsil on Saturday.Puja Kudawale, 30, was travelling in Chandrapur bound Azad Hind Express along with her husband Vijay Rajput and children, son Harsh, 10, and one-year-old daughter Palak. Reportedly, Puja was having an argument with Vijay since the last two days. While travelling, she chose to stand near the door and took the plunge around 3pm along with the kids when the train was near village Gumadhawda in Tirora tehsil.Although they did not come under the wheels of the train, the impact of the fall was such that Puja and her children succumbed to serious injuries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "perambalur", "code": "15453785", "title": "Man cheats youth of Rs 6 lakh offering job", "text": "PERAMBALUR: Police arrested a man after he cheated a youth of Rs six lakh on the promise of getting him a permanent job in the department of elementary education. Police also seized incriminating documents against him on Saturday.P Senthil Kumar (31) of Kurumbalur, was arrested by Perambalur police for cheating K Tamil Annal from the same village. Inspector J Sarfuddin said the accused was a native of Siruvachur in Perambalur district and had married one Umarani from Kurumbalur a few years ago. Although he was unemployed, he made his family believe he was working as a superintendent in the department of elementary education in Perambalur by using a fake identity card. At this juncture, he sought Rs 6 lakh from Tamil Annal and promised to get him a job as an office assistant in the education department. The victim's family paid the whole amount and in May, Senthil Kumar gave him an \"appointment order\" for the job. But when Tamil Annal reported for duty the next day, he was shocked when officials told him it was a fake document. Even after repeated attempts to get his money back, Senthil refused to repay the amount.Eventually, Tamil Annal lodged a complaint with the Perambalur police on Friday after which the police secured Senthil at his residence. \"Initial investigations revealed he had also deceived his wife by promising her a job in the education department. He prepared the fake appointment order at a DTP centre in the Perambalur bus stand and we have seized a computer from the centre. We have also confiscated some incriminating documents and rubber stamps from his residence. Further investigations will reveal whether he indulged in any other cheating,\" inspector Sarfuddin said.A case was registered against the accused under seven sections and he was remanded in judicial custody in Trichy Central Prison on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15455106", "title": "Will party harder now, victims of moral policing attack say", "text": "MANGALORE: The partying spirit has not ebbed in Vijay Kumar and Gurudath Kamath, who faced wrath of moral police at Morning Mist Home-Stay here on July 28. Rather than allow that incident get the better of them, the duo, who are into event management, asserted on Saturday they would party harder at Vijay's next birthday.Interacting with the media for the first time since the attack by a mob of Hindu Jagarana Vedike activists, the duo said they were at the home-stay at Padil to celebrate Vijay and his friend Rekha's (name changed) birthday. \"While Rekha's birthday was held first in the afternoon, me and my friends were preparing to celebrate mine later. It was to involve only men,\" Vijay said. Rekha's birthday party involved 10 people excluding Vijay and Gurudath, who were there initially.Vijay said that after cutting Rekha's birthday cake and sharing it, he left the venue around 3.30pm and returned at 6.30pm. In the meantime, two of Rekha's friends had left the venue, leaving eight of them - five girls and three boys - at the venue. Three other friends of Vijay and Gurudath joined them. There were 13 revellers at Morning Mist when the attackers barged in and starting assaulting them.Two of them saved themselves by locking themselves in toilets, Vijay said.The attackers took away three gold chains, two cellphones, two wallets containing around Rs 4,500 in all. The loss could be upwards of Rs 2 lakh, Gurudath said, adding they decided to fight back after the initial shock, for they had done no wrong.Observing that police had arrested most of those involved in the incident, Vijay Kumar said there are many others who should be caught.\"In fairness of things, investigation of the case should be handed over to the CBI and that the case should be heard by a fast-track court,\" the duo demanded. They are in touch with the parents of three of the five girl victims and all are determined to take the case to its logical end.He made a journey from page 3 to page 1\"I was on page 3 (of Mangalore Times) on the day of the incident, and the next morning was on page 1 (of all of newspapers, including TOI)\" is how Vijay Kumar sees the lighter side of the trauma that he underwent.\"I had proudly shown the article featuring me and Gurudath to my mother, and was ecstatic about it,\" Vijay said, adding that he did not imagine that he would hit national headlines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15453399", "title": "'Poaching threat to Gujarat lions in Madhya Pradesh'", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Gujarat government has reiterated it stand that some of Gir's lions can't be shifted to Madhya Pradesh because of rampant poaching in the neighbouring state. In the written submissions to the Supreme Court on Thursday after the final arguments were completed, the Modi government has said Madhya Pradesh has been unable to protect the tigers from poaching in Kanha and asked if it can be trusted with the safety of Gujarat's pride.At the root of the fraternal fight between two BJP-ruled states is wildlife experts' concern that the concentration of the Asiatic lions in Gir at one site makes them vulnerable to extinction by epidemic of the kind that has been the cause of decimation of several other species. The Shivraj Singh Chauhan government reacted to the fear by offering to take the lions to MP's Kuno National Park that had been prepared to host tigers.While the offer may have been motivated simply by the desire to boost MP's tourism potential, the Gujarat government sees it as a potential threat to its unique branding around the world as the sole sanctuary of the Asiatic lions in wild.\"At the time when Madhya Pradesh was filing affidavits in this court supporting direction for translocation, the tiger population in Madhya Pradesh was being decimated. Tigers were being poached regularly and the Madhya Pradesh forest officers and wild life staff were grossly negligent in protecting tigers,\" the Gujarat government has told the Supreme Court which is seized of a petition seeking safety of lions.In an affidavit filed by Modi government's counsel, Hemantika Wahi, Gujarat has cited the finding of a special investigation team (SIT) report in 2009 to say \"MP has no institutional capacity to protect existing tiger population which was being poached at several locations.\"\"The tiger population at Panna in Madhya Pradesh was around 25 in 2002. In seven years, the tiger population at Panna in April 2009 was 'zero',\" the Gujarat government said as it sought to impress upon the Supreme Court that safety of the species must be considered paramount before implementing translocation project.In Gujarat, the lions have been thriving - their population has risen from 180 in 1974 to 411 in 2010. The area of Gir's protected habitat has also expanded from 1,412 square km in 1974 to 10,500 square kilometers in 2010, argued the Gujarat government.While \"deplorable track record of MP\" in protecting tigers as its chief objection, the Narendra Modi government has objected to MP's proposal by arguing that comprehensive scientific studies have not been carried on to assess whether Kuno can be the alternative location. It has called for a detailed assessment with the regard to availability of prey, suitability of conditions and other scientific and technical aspects ought to be carried out before the final call is taken.It said the SIT report of 2009 recorded a finding that the maximum decline in the tiger population occurred between 2003 and 2005 which continued till 2008 and quoted section 12 of the Wild Life Act, which mandated that translocation may be done to \"an alternative suitable habitat\".The Gujarat government said, \"The notion of suitable habitat in the context of big cats includes a safe habitat where big cats are not poached. Given the recent record of the state of Madhya Pradesh were poaching has been rampant, no mandatory directions for translocation ought to be passed until a satisfactory track record over a number of years is proved by Madhya Pradesh.\"\"The facts on record establish the deplorable track record of Madhya Pradesh and it is too early to gauge whether there has been a systemic improvement and institutional change that would ensure the protection of big cats in Madhya Pradesh,\" the Modi government said.It said the \"self-certification\" of the Chauhan government that \"all is well\" in its protected areas was insufficient basis for the Supreme Court to decide whether there had been real improvement in protection given to big cats in the wild from poaching.Scotching apprehensions of those advocating translocation on the ground of wiping out of the lion population because of some unforeseen disease if they were kept concentrated in one area, the Modi government said world's leading international wildlife body - International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) - had termed the Asiatic lion population as healthy.\"IUCN has noted that the current population of the Asiatic lions though vulnerable is 'a large, healthy population, and a recent population and habitat viability analysis workshop in India (Walker 1994) predicted 0 per cent chance of extinction over the next 100 years, based on their population model',\" it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15455591", "title": "Independence Day to be observed as 'health day'", "text": "NAGPUR: District administration in Naxal-affected Gadchiroli is set to celebrate the Independence Day as 'health day' whereas the rebels, as usual, are expected to oppose the occasion. With its multilayered strategy on improving health care and related services, the district administration wants to set a benchmark of citizen-oriented schemes.The project of extending the trauma centre at district general hospital at Gadchiroli, which has to often cater to injured jawans returning from encounters with Naxals, would be inaugurated on the occasion of I-day along with the laying of the foundation stone of a 'dharamshala' or charitable accommodation in the same premises for the patients' kin who come from remote areas. In view the high infant mortality rate, the stabilizing unit for new born care unit is also set to be expanded now.Gadchiroli district collector Abhishek Krishna informed that five primary health centres (PHC), having their own premises, would be inaugurated too. \"Each primary health centres cater to around 20-22 villages,\" he said. The PHC would be coming up at Bodli (Gadchiroli), Mahagaon (Aheri), Torsa (Etapalli), Dewulgaon (Kurkheda) and Markanda (Chamorshi). \"One in Arewada in Bhamragarh and another one have been sanctioned under special provisions,\" said Krishna. Each PHC, where two medical officers would be present, will cost Rs2.50 crore.It is learnt that only 32 out of the 45 sanctioned PHC operate from own premises. \"Work on nine such PHCs is underway for which sanction came in 2004-05 but the construction could not be taken up,\" said the collector.Around 12 health sub-centres, which function at the village level, would be also inaugurated during this period. With this, the number of such units across the district would go up to 375. \"These sub-centres are crucial for deliveries, prenatal and postnatal cares,\" said Krishna adding that the district administration has plans to complete all sub-centre projects by March 2013 and PHCs in December 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "varzaqan (iran)", "code": "15457610", "title": "Rescuers dig for survivors after twin quakes kill 250 in Iran", "text": "VARZAQAN (IRAN): Grieving women wailed over dozens of bodies of dead relatives and men armed with shovels dug frantically for survivors today, in the wake of twin earthquakes in northwest Iran that killed at least 250 people and injured 2,000.AFP journalists in the disaster zone, northeast of the city of Tabriz, saw rescuers working desperately in the rubble of shattered villages whose mud and concrete brick dwellings had collapsed in the strong temblors that struck yesterday.The bodies, many of which were of women and children, were grouped together. Men nearby took turns to dig graves for them.Every now and then, the earth trembled from one of more than 55 aftershocks that had continued through the night, jarring the nerves of survivors and exhausted emergency workers.The quakes came within 11 minutes of each other, yesterday afternoon, as many in the region were at home observing Ramadan fasting.Tehran University's seismological centre put the first at a magnitude of 6.2 and 11 minutes later the second, a strong aftershock, at 6.0.The US Geological Survey, which monitors seismic activity worldwide, ranked them as more powerful, at 6.4 and 6.3 on the moment magnitude scale, respectively.The epicentre was 10 kilometres underground some 60 kilometres northeast of Tabriz, close to the towns of Ahar and Varzaqan.While Tabriz, with its more solid buildings, escaped relatively unscathed, some 60 villages in the region were decimated, half a dozen of them completely flattened.\"The number of dead has reached 250 and the number of injured has topped 2,000 people,\" Khalil Saie, the head of the regional natural disasters centre, was quoted as saying by the ISNA news agency.Earlier he had said that \"all the deaths are from rural areas.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15455433", "title": "Deccan Chronicle Holdings promoters asked to reveal their stake, assets", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Debts Recovery Tribunal, Hyderabad, has ordered the promoters of Deccan Chronicle Holdings Ltd (DCHL) to furnish the present position of the shares held by them in the company and disclose details of their personal assets.The interim order was issued by Irshad Hussain, presiding officer of the DRT, on August 7 in response to a petition filed by IDFC Ltd against DCHL promoters after they defaulted on repayments.The DRT directive is expected to finally throw some light on the actual shares pledged by the DCHL promoters and may help clear up the mystery behind the spate of belated disclosures about DCHL promoter stake pledges being made by various banks and institutions to the stock exchanges since July 27 this year.Though the DCHL promoters hold a 73.83% stake in the company as per shareholding data available with the stock exchanges for the quarter ended June 30, 2012, Future Capital Holdings informed the bourses that DCHL promoters had pledged 54% of that stake with them.Also, Religare Finvest has said that 14.46% stake was pledged with them and, on Friday, ICICI Bank declared that 28.71% of the DCHL stake was pledged with them. This adds up to over 97% of the total equity and is in excess of the percentage known to be under their control.The tribunal has also asked the three DCHL promoters \u2014 T Venkattram Reddy, T Vinayak Ravi Reddy and PK Iyer \u2014 to maintain status quo in respect of the company's shares till the next date of hearing on September 17, 2012.IDFC in its petition has sought recovery of Rs 120.20 crore along with the 18% interest per annum from the date of filing of the petition till the date of realisation of the amount from the DCHL promoters.In fact, during the hearing, the IDFC counsel said that as there was persistent default, IDFC had sold some of the securities pledged by the DCHL promoters and realised around Rs 6.08 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "hisar", "code": "15456122", "title": "Murder at Jambheshwar varsity: Engineering student shows no remorse", "text": "HISAR: Chetan Sheoran, a first year BTech student from the Army Institute of Technology, Pune, who was arrested on Friday for stabbing to death a 19-year-old girl outside Hisar's Guru Jambheshwar University (GJU) campus, was on Saturday remanded in judicial custody for 14 days.Police said 19-year-old Chetan showed no remorse after killing Varsha Yadava, who was his classmate in 2011 at a coaching class for engineering entrance exam at Kota. According to police, Varsha and Chetan were in a relationship and after getting admission in AIT, he left for Pune while the girl joined BPharm at GJU.Vipin Kadian, SHO of Hisar city police station, said Chetan reached his home at Rohtak from Pune on Wednesday and left for Hisar to meet Varsha. He couldn't meet her on that day but they met on Thursday afternoon and had an argument over their affair. He waited one more day at Hisar and on Friday afternoon he stabbed Varsha in front of the GJU gate. Police said Varsha had been avoiding Chetan, son of an ex-serviceman from Rohtak, for the past two months following differences with him.\"He was arrested from the spot and the weapon was also recovered. During questioning or when his cousin and relatives came to meet him at the police station, he did not show any remorse for his act,'' Kadian said.Varsha's father is with the BSF and they live in the BSF quarters. However, following her admission in the university, she was staying in the hostel.Chetan had tried to flee the spot after the murder on Friday but people standing nearby had overpowered him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15454709", "title": "BJP-ruled states in big cat fight", "text": "NEW DELHI: The question of relocating the lions of Gujarat to Madhya Pradesh has triggered a war of words between the two BJP-ruled states. Stung by the Madhya Pradesh government's offer to house some of the Asiatic lions which are now confined to the grasslands of Gir National Park, the Narendra Modi regime has hit back by asking whether the former that has failed to protect its tigers from poaching in Kanha could be trusted with the safety of Gujarat's pride.At the root of the fraternal fight is wildlife experts' concern that the concentration of the Asiatic lions at one site makes them vulnerable to extinction by epidemic of the kind that has been the cause of decimation of several other species. The Shivraj Singh Chauhan government reacted to the fear by offering to take the lions to MP's Kuno National Park that had been prepared to host tigers.While the offer may have been motivated simply by the desire to boost MP's tourism potential, the Gujarat government sees it as a potential threat to its unique branding around the world as the sole sanctuary of Asiatic lions in the wild.\"At the time when Madhya Pradesh was filing affidavits in this court supporting direction for translocation, the tiger population in Madhya Pradesh was being decimated. Tigers were being poached regularly and the Madhya Pradesh forest officers and wildlife staff were grossly negligent in protecting tigers,\" the Gujarat government has told the Supreme Court, which is seized of a petition seeking the safety of the lions.Gujarat in SC: No proof that Kuno suitable habitatOpposing the Madhya Pradesh government's offer to house Gir lions following fears of extinction due to sole concentration in Gujarat, the Narendra Modi government said in an affidavit to the Supreme Court that comprehensive scientific studies had not been carried on to assess whether MP's Kuno national park could be the alternative location.Gujarat has called for a detailed assessment with the regard to availability of prey, suitability of conditions and other scientific and technical aspects ought to be carried out before the final call is taken.In the affidavit filed by the Modi government's counsel, Hemantika Wahi, Gujarat cited the finding of a special investigation team (SIT) report in 2009 to say \"MP has no institutional capacity to protect existing tiger population which was being poached at several locations.\"\"The tiger population at Panna in Madhya Pradesh was around 25 in 2002. In seven years, the tiger population at Panna in April 2009 was 'zero',\" the Gujarat government said as it sought to impress upon the SC that safety of the species must be considered paramount before implementing translocation project.In Gujarat, the lions have been thriving \u2014 their population has risen from 180 in 1974 to 411 in 2010. The area of Gir's protected habitat has also expanded from 1,412 square km in 1974 to 10,500 square kilometers in 2010, argued the Gujarat government.The Gujarat government said, \"The notion of suitable habitat in the context of big cats includes a safe habitat where big cats are not poached. Given the recent record of the state of Madhya Pradesh were poaching has been rampant, no mandatory directions for translocation ought to be passed until a satisfactory track record over a number of years is proved by MP.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15455284", "title": "Siddaramaiah's birthday treat to three jail inmates", "text": "MYSORE: The birthday celebrations of opposition leader Siddaramaiah on August 12 will be special for three prisoners who are languishing at the Central Prison.Umesh and Manjunath, both from Kallahalli in Hassan and Raju from Pandavapura in Mandya are housed at the jail despite completing their term as they have not paid the fine amount.The Congress leader's supporters will pay the amount and get them released. According to former president of Mysore taluk panchayat Manjula Manjunath, the supporters will contribute Rs 28,000 to help the three inmates who cannot afford the money.Member of the Mysore taluk panchayat said 700 women inmates of the jail will be given saris to mark the occasion while sweets will be distributed to all the 1,500 inmates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15455589", "title": "Wockhardt's revised bldg plan rejected", "text": "NAGPUR: The trouble for Wockhardt Hospital on North Ambazari Road has increased following rejection of its revised plan submitted with the town planning department of the Nagpur Municipal Corporation.In April, the Dharampeth zone had served a notice to the Maharashtra Rashtrabhasha Sabha for not adhering to the sanctioned building plans while constructing multi-storey Wockhardt Hospital on its land near Shankar Nagar Square. Rashtrabhasha Sabha had given a major portion of the land on lease to the hospital.The zone had directed the sabha to demolish illegal construction carried out on over 1,000 sq metres within a month else action would be initiated against it and the hospital.However, soon after the hospital approached the town planning department to get the revised plan sanctioned. But it rejected the application, confirmed Dharampeth zone officials.In fact, Shantaram Patil, one of the trustees of the sabha, had taken objection to the submission of the revised building plan. On May 22, Patil submitted a letter to the then municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal and raised an objection.In his letter, Patil pointed out that instead of demolishing the unauthorized construction, efforts were being made by the parties concerned to regularize illegal construction by way of submitting revised plan with the use of balance floor space index (FSI)-0.86 to the extent of about 38,000 sq ft. \"However, the sanctioning of the proposed revised plan with the use of balance FSI would be illegal and I have objection to the approval of the plan,\" Patil said.The senior officer clarified that after the monsoon, the hospital would have to demolish unauthorized construction of around 1095.79 sq metres under section 53 of Maharashtra Regional Town Planning Act.As per sanctioned plan, the five-storey hospital should have parking place on the ground floor. In reality, the hospital's lobby and reception occupy ground floor. Besides, illegal construction has been carried out in front of the hospital for accommodating or creating space for parking of vehicles.Similarly, illegal construction was found on fourth and fifth floors too. On the fourth floor, the hospital carried out illegal construction of around 102 sq metres on the south and east sides. On the fifth floor, the entire 120 sq mtr temporary tin construction was illegal.President of a city-based NGO - Citizen's Forum for Equality - Madhukar Kukde has also served legal notices to nine respondents, including office-bearers of Rashtrabhasha Sabha and urban development ministry over allegedly converting a public utility land admeasuring 44,221 square feet for unlawful monetary gains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15453513", "title": "Army sends flood relief team to Madhya Pradesh", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Red Eagle Division of the Army has rushed a rescue and relief team to the flood-affected areas of Raisen district of Madhya Pradesh on the request of civil administration. Civil authorities had requested Army assistance as inclement weather and release of water from Tawa dam has left hundreds of people marooned in the area.Defence PRO, Allahabad, Group Captain Amit Mahajan said a 125-men column led by five officers and troops of Red Eagle Division has been sent to flood-hit areas. The rescue and relief column comprised troops of engineer regiment well trained in swimming and carrying out rescue and relief tasks in flood affected areas along with requisite equipment, medical team and other support elements of army. The column is fully equipped with boats, life jackets, medicines, emergency lights, generators etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15460843", "title": "Environment ministry invites entries for Rajiv Gandhi National Awards", "text": "PUNE: The ministry of environment and forests has invited entries for the `Rajiv Gandhi National Awards Scheme for Original Book Writing on Gyan-Vigyan' for the year 2011-12.The book may be on any stream of modern technology or science, or other contemporary subjects such as liberalisation, globalisation, consumerism, human rights, and pollution control.Under the scheme, books published during April 1, 2011 to March 31, 2012 are acceptable. Any citizen of India can take part in the award scheme. The book should have an analytical review of the subject it deals with. The book should contain at least 100 pages. If the evaluation committee arrives at the conclusion that none of the books, sent as entries, are suitable for the award, its decision in this regard will be considered as final.In case, a book selected for the award is written by more than one author, award money will be distributed among them equally. Books which have already received any other award, will not be considered in this scheme.The entries can be sent to deputy director (implementation), Implementation-2, department of official language, ministry of Home Affairs, B Wing, 4th floor, NDCC-2 Building, Jai Singh Road, New Delhi - 110001. More details will be available on ``http://www.rajbhasha.gov.in.'' , a press release stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "barnala", "code": "15461509", "title": "Punjab farmers to disrupt rail traffic for drought relief", "text": "BARNALA: Concerned over leaving out Punjab in providing drought relief, stopping of auctions of farmers' lands, unable to repay agricultural loans, the 17 Punjab farmer-labourer organizations have decided to disrupt rail traffic across the state on September 5. The farmer organizations will disrupt the rail traffic for 3 hours on that day.Farmer organization BKU Ugrahan general secretary Sukhdev Singh Kokri said the UPA government has vehemently ignored the Punjab farmers while announcing the package for drought hit states and the Punjab' SAD-BJP government has miserably failed to seriously pursue the matter. The precarious situation on the farming count has forced the 17 organizations to go in for direct action of disrupting rail traffic. Earlier on Tuesday the farm organization had staged dharnas at DC office across the state on the same issue drought relief. The farmer organization demanding Punjab be declared as drought hit along with other states asked the union government to allocate Rs. 1000 crore to the state as drought relief, said Kokri.Farm organization BKU Ekta president Buta Singh Burjgill said \"by excluding Punjab from the list of drought hit states the UPA has meted out sheer injustice with Punjab farmers, who having just 2% of landholding contribute about 40% food grains in the national pool\". He said the Punjab farmers too need to be compensated with 50 percent subsidy on diesel as is being done in other drought hit states.The organizations also have demanded the compensation of Rs 25,000 per acre to farmers who are flatting the sown paddy and asked the state government to ensure 16 hour uninterrupted power supply to the agriculture sector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15455266", "title": "Margao hospital introduces dialysis unit", "text": "MARGAO: Stating that the existing dialysis unit facilities at Goa medical college, Hospicio, Margao, and Canacona primary health centre were not enough to meet the state's requirements, health minister Laxmikant Parsekar inaugurated a 20-bed dialysis unit at Apollo Victor Hospital, Margao, on Saturday.\"Sixteen per cent of Goans are diabetic patients and every sixth person in Goa has diabetes. This is a very serious issue,\" said Parsekar, while stating that he was happy that Victor Apollo Hospitals joined hands with the government to tackle the problem.Parsekar further announced that there would be dialysis units at both the new district hospitals and Goa medical college had successfully conducted three kidney transplant operations. He added that Goa probably did not have many donors and thus only three such operations had taken place.Shital Lengade, consultant nephrologist at Apollo Victor Hospitals, urged the government to do more and follow practices in other states such as Chennai to get more donors.He went on to praise the government for being the only one in the country that funded dialysis treatment at such private hospitals through the universal medical scheme. Pointing out how the treatment was expensive and was a continuous process requiring numerous visits to the dialysis units, Lengade said the universal mediclaim scheme helped a tremendous amount of Goans to get such medical assistance.Medical director at Apollo Victor Hospitals, Robert D'Costa, said that the way forward included setting up a kidney transplant facility at the hospital. Parsekar replied the government can consider such a proposal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15453825", "title": "Two techies feared drowned in Bhusi dam", "text": "PUNE: Two software engineers from Pune are feared drowned in the reservoir of Bhushi dam on Saturday evening.Assistant police inspector V S Pujari of the Paud police station said that Varun Kumar Mishra (25) of Lohegaon and Jayantsingh Thakursingh Bhist (25) of Sangvi along with six others had gone to Mulshi for a picnic. Varun Mishra is from Bihar and Bhist is from Uttaranchal.The group reached the dam around 5 pm. No one knew how to swim except Mishra and Bhist, who entered the water to swim. Around 6 pm, when the group members did not see Mishra and Bhist, they panicked and alerted the police, said Pujari.Police searched for them till 9 pm but in vain. Pujari said the search was discontinued due to darkness. They will use boats on Sunday to look for them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15455077", "title": "NGO misusing order on BRT: Govt tells high court", "text": "NEW DELHI: Under pressure before Delhi high court to defend its controversial BRT corridor, the Delhi government has now trained its gun at the senior citizen who wants it scrapped.The government has accused NGO Nyay Bhoomi and its president B B Sharan of \"distorting and misinterpreting\" orders of HC.In its reply against a show-cause notice for contempt, the government's transport department has also blamed Sharan of \"habitually adding to or altering\" orders of the court passed from time to time during the hearings on the PIL.Arguing that it has not invited contempt of court, the government said it has obeyed instructions of the court and already thrown open the bus lane of the corridor to mixed traffic after the court passed an interim order in this regard.\"The petitioner (Sharan) has repeatedly and deliberately misinterpreted orders of HC and acted in a most irresponsible manner. He has at his whims and fancies sought to extend the scope of directions given by HC and even resorted to taking law in his hands,\" said the reply filed by the government where it urged the court not to pay any heed to Sharan's demand for contempt of court proceedings against it.Sharan had sought contempt proceedings, arguing that despite orders, the government had been cagey in facilitating flow of mixed traffic in the reserved lanes. He had argued that there were no signboards stating that usage of bus lane will no longer invite challans, nor the signals had been changed to make it easier for private vehicles to manoeuvre key crossings. The NGO maintained that commuters still avoid using the bus lane leading to choked BRT even though the Central Road Research Institute (CRRI) found in its trial run that mixed usage yielded better benefits.HC had then issued notice to the state government to explain its stand. The government's reply, which will be taken up by HC next week, also accuses Sharan of routinely writing to authorities and making \"fanciful interpretation of court orders\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "15453487", "title": "'Jism 2' posters stir obscenity controversy in Jamshedpur", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: After the district administration took suo moto action against cinema hall owners for putting up \"obscene\" posters of Pooja Bhat's film, \"Jism 2\", in public places, theatre owners hit back saying there was no \"specified publicity zone\" and so they had stuck the publicity material all over the city.The district administration was forced to take action after objectionable posters of the film appeared not only in all over the city, but also near schools and colleges. \"I had to take suo motu action after posters of Jism 2 appeared in public places,\" said magistrate, M M Prasad.\"Film posters and banners of obscene nature should never be displayed in public places, particularly near educational institutions and the local administration should take note,\" said Sayali Pathak, a Jamshedpur Women's College student and a resident of Kadma. \"We have nothing against the content of the film but against its publicity material,\" said a functionary of the Jharkhand Human Rights' Organization. \"Is there any specified zone for pasting film posters? We would rather appeal to the administration to provide us a dedicated place where we can put up posters,\" said Amit Agarwal, owner of Gaushala Talkies.Initially, Jism 2 ran at Gaushala and is currently running in Payal Cinema. \"Any publicity material demands maximum attention. If we put up posters in places where people don't get to see them, the very purpose of publicity gets defeated,\" said a cinema hall owner. He also said at a time when the industry is passing through tough times in the Steel City, the administration should come forward to support and cooperate with hall owners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15455289", "title": "Government City College loses its sheen", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Government City College, one of the oldest and most prestigious educational institutions in the city, is only a shadow of its illustrious past. The current state of its facade only highlights the government indifference to contributions of the noted institution.A prime example of Indo-Islamic style of architecture, the City College building was constructed in 1921 during the time of the last Nizam Mir Osman Ali Khan on the banks of Musi facing a large open ground, now the Quli Qutub Shah stadium. The college was affiliated to the Osmania University until 2004 when it was granted autonomous status.While mushrooming of private degree colleges took the sheen away from the institution, it is still associated with quality education, a fact testified by its A-grade accreditation by UGC's National Assessment and Accreditation Council (Naac).However, ex-students of the college say its use for movie shoots has ruined the exterior as the building has been painted over without any regards to its historical architecture. The present color with a red hue is not its original color. Also, portions of the walls have chipped off at many places, prominently on the rear of the building, revealing the stone-mortar.Conservation architects say in 2005 a city based heritage conservation firm was asked to prepare a proposal worth Rs 25 lakh for repairs by erstwhile Huda. The proposal was submitted to government of India for assistance from the Centre but it did not materialize. The building has received no attention in its 90-year lifetime, they added.Interestingly the inspection for Naac accreditation for the college, that assigns some importance to infrastructure and building maintenance, concluded on Saturday. The college had applied for re-accreditation in 2011 after its earlier accreditation expired in 2010 and a three day Naac inspection was carried out.Principal, C S N Sharma expressed certainty that the college will retain its accreditation. \"The focus of the Naac team was mainly on the degree college which has close to 300 students. We have satisfied it on all fronts,\" he said. When asked about the deteriorating college building, Sharma said though its condition is one of the criteria for the accreditation, the college officials cannot carry out repair works as it is listed by HMDA as a heritage structure. He said apart from a coating of water trapping material on the roof which was paid for from UGC funds, the roads and buildings department which is in charge of its maintenance, has not done anything for its upkeep.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "15453457", "title": "Misuse of sim cards by Naxalites worries cops", "text": "DALTONGANJ: The blatant misuse of sim cards is aiding and abetting extremism in Palamu areas.DIG of Palamu range Parvin K Singh said some extremists had 20 sim cards at their disposal. \"The easy access of sim cards is to be checked,\" he said.Citing an example, he said one such sim card was examined and it proved to be of a non-existing person! The identity and address proofs along with the photograph were found fake. In another case, the person in whose name the SIM was issued said he had never owned a mobile phone and the extremists used his identity and address for their benefit.The DIG held a meeting on Saturday with the sim vendors at Betla, 27 km from Daltonganj. Briefing newsmen after the meeting, he said the unchecked and unverified sale of sim cards must be stopped with all firmness. \"The distributors of sim cards of all service providers have been asked to submit a list of their retailers operative in Latehar, Garhwa and Palamu districts.\"August 26 has been fixed for a meeting of three district police chiefs - A T Mathew of Palamu, Michael Raj of Garhwa and K Gardesi of Latehar - with the retailers in their districts.The DIG took strong exception to the pre-activated sim cards being given to buyers immediately without ascertaining the identity of its users.Pulling one such service provider which has promised 4 sim cards and free talk, the DIG said it was time the service providers should gauge the inherent danger of such a SIM being given in plenty.He wanted bulk sale of sim cards to be curtailed and every retailer to be pro-active if one buys five or more cards at one point of time. \"Every purchaser of a sim card must give alternative phone number to the seller of the sim.\"The DIG threatened to initiate legal action against the distributor/retailer if they did not cooperate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15455169", "title": "Tribunal to hear all green cases", "text": "NEW DELHI: All cases on environmental issues \u2014 save those related to wildlife \u2014 will be transferred to the National Green Tribunal (NGT), which is not fully operational even more than a year after it was set up.The tribunal, functioning out of a Delhi guesthouse and severely short of manpower and infrastructure, could soon be flooded with additional cases as the Supreme Court has ordered that all environmental cases pending before high courts and future litigation be moved to the NGT.Justice Swatanter Kumar's decision will enhance the profile of National Green Tribunal (NGT), when it is awaiting the appointment of a new judge as the chairperson. The earlier chairperson, Justice L S Panta, had resigned a few months ago.The tribunal has already dealt with some high-profile cases such as Posco Integrated Steel Plant in Odisha, but its wide-ranging impact can be felt when all ongoing and new cases across the country are put before the tribunal, consisting of judicial and expert members. NGT has been largely dealing with cases challenging green and forest clearances given to various projects.The Supreme Court itself continues to hear many cases on environment, with the centrally empowered committee on forest-related cases advising the apex court on a large number of pending public interest litigations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15455420", "title": "Mind over matter: Dip into your past to make present perfect", "text": "HYDERABAD: Psychiatrists have now started tapping into memories of past life to treat cases of anxiety and help people figure out convoluted relationship issues which they are grappling with in their current lives. The cause of that nagging neck pain that refuses to go even with traction is now being analysed with a peep into a person's 'pichla janam'. Call it faith healing or simply a fad but some psychiatrists say they are using past life regression to unravel some knotty mental and even physical health issues.These observations were made by both psychiatrists and past life regression therapists who attended the Past Life Regression Convention which was held in the city earlier this month. The event was attended by over 80 delegates from India and abroad.While popular medicine does not subscribe to past life regression dismissing it as garbed hypnosis, practitioners of the method believe that regression works better than hypnosis. \"Phobias and fears cannot be treated through conventional methods. Thus many psychiatrists are taking to regression to treat such cases,\" said Dr Newton Kondaveti, founder-president of the Association for Regression and Reincarnation Research (ARRR), the convention's organisers.Until recently, psychiatrists depended on hypnosis but have now started using regression with some of their patients. \"This is the psychiatry of tomorrow. Psychiatry was so far about reducing symptoms. But why not treat the cause,\" said Andy Tomlinson, a UK-based practitioner. He said that with past life regression, the root cause or the emotional cause behind a chronic illness can be traced.Dr Leena Behrani, a Mumbai-based psychiatrist and a delegate at the convention, said that while past life regression cannot be applied to all cases, it does work for some of those who suffer from anxiety, depression and phobias. \"There are cases of, say, neck pain not easing with traction although remarkably the X-ray doesn't show anything amiss. Regression has helped in such cases,\" Behrani said. Speaking about how regression works Newton said that people cling to memories of both their past and present lives. \"We create our own reality, thoughts, belief systems. The more we cling to the past, the more it repeats itself,\" Newton said, \"regression helps in letting go of those memories\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15453792", "title": "Gangapur police station to be Nashik police headquarters", "text": "NASHIK: The taluka police station on Gangapur Road near KTHM college will soon make way for the city police commissionerate.On Monday, the taluka station will move to a plot opposite the Mela bus stand on Sharanpur Road, where an office of the city traffic branch currently functions.While the issue of moving the commissionerate has been long pending, the director general's office has instructued the rural police to work on moving the taluka police station immediately.Senior police inspector Ramesh Nikam of the taluka police station confirmed that the police station would be operational at its new location from Monday.While talks of moving he commissionerate to the Gangapur Road location had been going on for seven to eight months, the construction of the police headquarters was unable to begin since the taluka station had not been moved. But with the move now underway, the city police commissionerate will soon have a new address.The Nashik police commissionerate was formed in 1990 and the office was shifted on a land leased from a Christian Missionary. Over two years back, the lease contract had concluded but with no place to shift the office, the commissionerate had been functioning at the old place.It was finally decided to shift base to Gangapur Road. Officials said that once the taluka police station is vacated, construction of the commissioner building ccould begin at the earliest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15455301", "title": "Verla-Canca VP made to pay Right To Information applicant Rs 8,000", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa state information commission (GSIC) has recently ordered the village panchayat of Verla-Canca, Bardez, to pay a sum of 8,000 to a resident as compensation for failing to furnish her information under the Right To Information (RTI) Act. The amount is to be paid from the funds of the village panchayat.The commission further observed that 'harassment of an information seeker by public authority is not permissible under RTI. Besides, it is socially abhorring as it causes stress and strain to the appellant'.The commission also noted that 'compensating the appellant for the loss and detriment suffered by her' will have a telling effect as it may improve the work culture in maintaining proper records, changing the outlook and facilitating furnishing of information.The penalty follows an RTI application by Sangeeta Pednekar of Canca in August 2007. After Pednekar appealed, the GSIC issued an order on June 12, 2008. It ordered the public information officer of the village panchayat of Verla-Canca to reconstruct the records of the grant of the two separate house nos. 477/A and 477/B in the names of Anant Shetgaonker and Suhas N Shetgaonkar from house tax register as well as transfer of house tax files.But the panchayat secretary failed to comply with the order. Later developments prompted Pednekar to file a writ petition in the high court of Bombay at Goa, which passed a judgment in her favour. Armed with the high court order, Pednekar again approached the GSIC.After hearing the arguments from both sides, the information commission noted that Pednekar 'suffered detriment on account of failure to provide the information' which 'caused mental and physical harassment' to her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15458518", "title": "Minister to act in Jagapathi Babu\u2019s film", "text": "Jagapathi Babu's new film, under the direction of Nandam Harischandra Rao is being shot in Hyderabad. This action entertainer currently progressing briskly and the unit held a press conference to share the details.Speaking on this occasion, Erasu Prathap Reddy, Andhra Pradesh's Law Minister is playing a key role, which would be one of the highlights in the movie. Posani Krishna Murali, Sayaji Shinde, R K, Rao Ramesh, Sonia and Kathi Karthika are in the supporting cast. Music is scored by M M Sri Lekha. Minister Erasu Prathap Reddy, Kota Srinivasa Rao and Posani Krishna Murali have attended this event.The untitled film, which will be hitting the screens in September 2012, is jointly produced by Jitta Surendra Reddy and A B Srinivas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15455402", "title": "Azad Maidan protest: Cops face flak for \u2018intelligence failure\u2019, firing", "text": "MUMBAI: The swiftness and ease with which protestors went on a rampage across the busy Mahapalika Marg near CST on Saturday reflects not just intelligence failure, but the city police's inability to gauge the mood of the protest, experts told TOI. The city police is also facing intense scrutiny for opening fire on protestors, in which one man was shot in the head. Another protester died in the stampede.According to police manual , cops should first use lathi charge to disperse a mob. If this does not work, they should use tear gas and only open fire as a last resort, and that too below the belly. It is the officer-in-charge who takes this decision.An inquiry has been launched to find out who ordered the firing and whether it was the last resort. A high level meeting was called by commissioner Arup Patnaik at the police headquarters in Crawford Market to pin the onus. Despite repeated attempts to reach him, Patnaik remained unavailable for comment. A senior police official told TOI, \"When the mob went berserk and started pelting stones at the cops and attacking the media, the police had no option but to order lathi charge and fire.''Defending the city police, home minister R R Patil told TOI, \"Despite the large number of protestors, the police acted swiftly. The cops dispersed the protestors and brought the situation under control. This shows that they were well-prepared .\" He rushed back to Mumbai from Sangli late Saturday evening and urged citizens to cooperate with the police in maintaining law and order.A senior home department official, though, said the police should have done their homework, rather than depend on information provided by organizers about the expected turnout.Sources said that officers of the special branch had intimated Patnaik about the expected numbers.A former senior IPS official said the Mumbai police shouldn't have given permission for the protest rally, given the sensitive nature of the Assam violence, which is being debated in Parliament. Echoing identical views, state BJP president Sudhir Mungantiwar slammed the Mumbai police for its failure to contain the violence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15456017", "title": "Six injured as ceiling of house collapses", "text": "COIMBATORE: At least six people, including a two-year-old boy, were injured when a portion of cement and concrete plaster from the a ceiling of a house collapsed late Friday evening.The incident occurred when the injured were doing their school lessons with the toddler. Fortunately, none of the victims were severely injured. The incident occurred in a house constructed by the Tamil Nadu Housing Board more than two decades ago as part of the Housing Unit project at VOC Nagar near Saravanampatti.A sub-inspector with the dog training squad of the city police was residing in the house as a tenant along with his wife and two daughters, who were also injured in the mishap.Sub-inspector, city police dog training squad, A Soundarrajan said, \"My wife was sitting with my younger daughter and my cousin's two-year-old son. She was helping our neighbour's children with their school lessons when the mishap occurred.\"The injured were identified as Jebakani (42), S Anita (20), S Saral (18), James (8), Kannan (8) and Edwin (2). Jebakani is Sounderrajan's wife while Anita and Saral are his two daughters. James and Ediwn were their relatives who had come to visit the family and were staying at the house when the mishap occurred.Jebakani and her daughters were admitted to Police Hospital, while the remaining were given first-aid and sent back to their homes. Sounderrajan has been staying as a tenant at the house since last year.\"The condition of most of the housing board homes constructed in the area is in a pathetic state. The construction and the quality of materials used are also substandard,\" said Victor Henry , house owner.All three injured persons are expected to be discharged from hospital on Monday. Saravanampatti police have registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15461022", "title": "Traffic improvement measures needed, says citizens group", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Nagrik Vahatuk Vyaaspeeth, a citizens group working on the issue of public transport in the city, has urged district collector Vikas Deshmukh to take measures for improving public transport in the city.The citizens group said that the traffic and transportation problems in the city are worsening day by day. The national and state leaders as well as the civic administration needs to look at solving traffic issues on priority.The government authorities, the group said, should look into the issues of shortage of manpower of the traffic branch.The citizens group said that earlier when the Regional Transport Authority was functional, the authority had taken number of decisions for improving traffic conditions. Some of these decisions include share-a-rickshaw scheme, complaint boards for autorickshaws, shifting of terminals for private tourist bus operators, banning trucks in city limits during day time and helpline for bus commuters. The group has pointed out that various organisations have been working for improving traffic issues in the city. These organisations should be invited for meetings organised by the district collector, who is also the chairman of the district transport committee.The city, with a population of 35 lakh, needs good public transport. All round efforts should be made for improving the traffic and transportation conditions, the Vyaaspeeth said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "pune ", "code": "15461126", "title": "Transport employees threaten stir", "text": "PUNE : The Maharashtra State Transport Employees Union has warned that it will initiate a severe agitation if the state government does not consider its demands including the finalization of the wage agreement.General secretary of the union, Hanumant Tate said that the state bus corporation is facing financial losses because of lack of adequate number of buses to meet the demands of the passengers. The Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation is facing a financial burden of Rs 100 crore every year for payment of toll charges. The state government has not sanctioned dues amounting to Rs 1689 crore to the corporation. The state government is delaying the finalization of the wage agreement by citing the reason of the poor financial situation.Tate said that the government was supposed to reach a new wage agreement with the majority employees union within six months. The wage agreement, he said, will be applicable from April 1, 2012 to March 31, 2016. Meetings with the employees union regarding the wage agreement are being held at present, he said. The employees union held a meeting last month in Pune to discuss the issue of wage agreement and other demands. Tate said that the union will start an agitation if the government does not consider its demands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15455596", "title": "Shoe comes right back to the foot", "text": "Dangariya village in eastern Rajasthan's Karauli district is still separated from the nearest city by 80 kilometers of a long, deserted road. And 65 years after independence, electricity is yet to reach this area. But that didn't stop an internet petition on caste discrimination in the village from finding its way to the district magistrate's office, triggering a change that brought down centuries of prejudice.Last month, an NGO put out an online petition on a shameful custom that forced married dalit women passing by the houses of upper caste families to take off their footwear and carry it in their hands. The campaign was accompanied by a video that actually showed a few of them removing their slippers as they crossed the dwellings of the sawarna community. In no time, the plea gathered close to 5,000 signatures.\"If we walk by wearing our slippers, our husbands are taunted in the village meetings,\" said one of the women in the video that was first put up on the internet two years ago. It got more views in recent months after the petition. The campaign had a success rare for the online world. Bishnu Mallick, the district magistrate of Karauli, was sent a copy of the petition. In a meeting that was held on July 20, the magistrate familiarized villagers with the law that punishes castebased discrimination, and got a sub-divisional magistrate to monitor the area for future violations. But once the sarkari machinery left, fear set in.Now, villagers from both sides of the caste divide are afraid to discuss the matter with outsiders. Skirting the issue, they grow defensive, even hostile. Those from the Dalit community, who agree to speak, refuse to divulge their names. Initially, there is an outright refusal that the custom of removing footwear ever existed at all. But persistence yields problematic qualifiers . \"We ask them to wear their slippers if they're carrying them in their hands. This custom has been around since our grandparents' time,\" says Kailash Sharma of the sawarna community in the village.The villagers, though, seem quite oblivious of the efforts of the outside world to change things for them. Those spoken to knew nothing of the online petition or the website \u2014 change.org \u2014 that hosted it. The video and the administrative intervention notwithstanding, Dalits in the village almost seem to have internalized and accepted caste interactions as they take place. Saubhagyawati (name changed on request), a farm-worker , adds her own two matter-offact cents. \"If someone of authority sits on a chair, won't we sit on the floor?\" she asks. Ram Shahe Meena feels there is merit in the argument that Dalit women observed the ritual of their own volition. \"Would women go into a temple wearing slippers? Baat maryada ki hai (It's about boundaries),\" explains Meena, beginning to get agitated. In other words, the problem is not just that of caste discrimination, but also of gender.There is no recorded mobilization of Dalits in Dangariya, which explains the fear. \"Amongst Dalits in north-eastern Rajasthan, the Bairvals are very vocal. In the west, it's the same with the Meghwans. These areas have had mobilization on the ground. Dalits who depend on the 'upper' castes for their livelihood are usually afraid to speak up. In the last 20 years, we've heard of fewer instances of such discrimination, particularly in Bhilwada ,\" says Bhanwar Meghwanshi, an activist working on caste issues in Rajasthan.Three kilometers from Dangariya, in Karnpur village, the communities don't have any set customs for \"showing respect\" , although different groups of castes have different ghaats to draw water from. In Amreti , reports resident Karan Bairval, the custom of walking barefoot applies to all women, regardless of caste. Ram Lakhan Miyan, who works at a shop in Karnpur, says people have lately become more cautious in inter-caste interactions. \"Nobody has tried going to a ghaat that another community uses, but I doubt there will be resistance now if they do. The Bairvals (a scheduled caste) though are still scared of the Brahmins in our village,\" he explains. Mallick attributes the fear and hostility to the attention that the village has received in the past few days from the local media. \"They might be having trouble understanding the interest in something like this. It is likely that they feel threatened and feel that the scale of the problem is bigger than they imagined,\" he says.A click in the right direction has brought national attention to a small village . There are more that could benefit from getting caught in the web.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15454775", "title": "Common fare card launched", "text": "NEW DELHI: Travel on Delhi Metro and its feeder buses just became more easier. With the launch of common mobility card 'More Delhi' on Saturday, commuters can use it in DTC buses and taxis across the capital in the coming months.'More Delhi' card aims at making travel in Delhi cashless and can be used by commuters for travel on Metro trains and select feeder buses to start with. In the next six months, the card can be used on DTC buses, taxis and parking lots in the city.Existing Smart Card users can also travel on feeder buses using their contact-less cards, which automatically becomes a smart card. \"Eventually, we will be selling 'More Cards' and not 'Smart Cards',\" Delhi Metro chief Mangu Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "panaji/margao", "code": "15455299", "title": "Nine disqualified from Goa university student elections", "text": "PANAJI/MARGAO: Goa university (GU) has received a record number of 60 applications this year for the elections of faculty representatives, who in turn elect the executive committee of the university students' council and its chairperson.Some students, however, raised a hue and cry on Saturday demanding cancellation of the elections after they were disqualified for not being eligible for the elections as per the varsity rules.Notifications issued by the university on Saturday show that of these 60, nine students were disqualified from participating in the elections for not fitting into the university rules for varied reasons. Some students were found to be overage and surpassing the age of 22 set for candidates. In other cases, students were disqualified as they were not fulfilling the essential criteria of being elected class representatives first for being eligible as candidates for the post of faculty representatives.In yet another case, students from a south Goa college were disqualified after it was found that their institute had electronic voting for the elections of class representatives, which violated the processes recommended by the university. The university had also received complaints from some students from the institute that their rights to a secret ballot were violated.A group of independent students have submitted a memorandum to the Registrar, GU on Saturday demanding postponement of the August 13 GU student council elections crying foul over the disqualification of a group of elected university representatives. The students, who met Fatorda MLA Vijai Sardesai on Saturday, have expressed their shock over the manner in which they were disqualified at the eleventh hour and they claim that they weren't at fault.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15459795", "title": "Jagathy to return home in two months", "text": "It's been a rather tough few months for Mollywood filmstar Jagathy Sreekumar, not to mention for his family, the film industry, as well as his innumerable fans who are constantly following up on his recovery.Sharing with us a piece of good news is Jagathy's son Rajkumar, who says his dad is expected to be out of the hospital in the next two months.\"His right leg which was paralysed after the accident has completely recovered and he has begun to walk, albeit with some help. His right arm is yet to recover fully, but the doctors have said that if he continues to recover at this rate, he would be well enough to be discharged from the hospital within two months,\" says Rajkumar. \"He is also able to identify people \u2014 his colleagues and old friends by name. The doctors have said he has completely recovered his memory and there is no retrieval issue which could have been a problem after such a traumatic experience. They say it's just one of the many good signs he is showing on his path to a swift recovery,\" he adds.Actor Mukesh, who had visited the ace comedian at the Vellore hospital last week, too says that Jagathy is showing good signs of recovery. \"Jagathy was undergoing an intense physiotherapy session when I visited. While you could see that he was in pain, the Malayali doctors who were working with him said only someone with a strong will power could recover this fast,\" he says.Mukesh also informs that Jagathy had no problem identifying him and even smiled when he heard his voice. The family was also happy to hear him speak finally. \"We talk to him and try to ask him questions, as per the doctors' suggestion \u2014 it's an attempt to jog his memory. We had asked him his name one night to which he had replied in his old, clear voice, 'I am Jagathy',\" says Rajkumar.Post his discharge from the hospital, Jagathy is expected to undergo ayurvedic treatments in Kerala for a couple of months. \"If things go well, he should be back on the big screen by mid next year too,\" says the hopeful son.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15453781", "title": "KIMS hospital to set up sewage treatment plant", "text": "HUBLI: KIMS hospital, one of the biggest government-run hospitals in north Karnataka will soon have its own state-of-the-art sewage treatment plant (STP) in its campus.Dr. Vasanta Kamat, director, KIMS, said that new plant will start functioning by the end of the month. \"Once the plant starts functioning, treated water will be used for cleaning, gardening and various other purposes except for drinking and for surgeries,'' she added.She said the new plant has been set up according to the guidelines of the Karnataka State Pollution Control Board. \"The work on the new plant is on and it will be completed within a fortnight,'' she added.Explaining the salient features of the new plant, Vasanta said the SWP plant treats waste water up to four times before it is put into reuse in the hospital.This will ensure that there is no harm even if the water is used for bathing. Most of the medical college and hospitals have this facility but KIMS took a little time to establish one, she added.As of now, KIMS gets 3.5 lakh litres of water from Hubli-Dharwad Muncipal Corporation and two lakh litres of water from eight bore wells every day. But soon after the completion of new buildings in December, KIMS may require about 8 lakh litres. The new treatment plant will help to meet at least half of this requirement.\"By using treated water for gardens and other technical things, we plan to cut down on the consumption by making use of the recycled water,'' said Shripad H Sawkar , estate officer for KIMS.Sawkar said that SWP plant installation work is being taken up at a cost of Rs 79.26 lakh by Techline Green, a private company from Bangalore. \"Once KIMS starts getting the recycled water, there will be no more water crisis even if the new buildings come up in the campus. KIMS is paying around Rs 2.5 lakh water bill to the water board,'' he added.According to officials, government hospitals are supposed to treat and disinfect wastewater generated from laboratories, laundry and water used to clean and disinfect different parts of a hospital. But they directly discharge water into municipal drains.KIMS discharges about 5 lakh litres of wastewater daily from washing, operation theatre, laboratory, floor and laundry directly into municipal drains.The processSewage treatment plant consists of a combination of physical, chemical, and biological processes and operations to remove solids, organic matter and, sometimes, nutrients from wastewater. The objective of treatment is the removal of coarse solids and other large material often found in raw wastewater, and the removal of organic and inorganic solids by sedimentation, floating material by skimming.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15454208", "title": "Bhubaneswar needs to do more to imbibe sports culture", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: With the Olympics underway in London , sporting activities are prominently occupying everybody's mind here. But the city needs to work a little more to imbibe a sports culture among residents in the long run and eventually churn out some good sportspersons, felt experts.The state capital's emergence as a major educational hub is now well recognized with major institutions such as IIT, IIIT, NISER and AIIMS opening branches here. Not surprisingly, this has brought competition among students who make beelines outside libraries and coaching centres, cutting down play time. \"The academics-only approach should change making room for sports,\" said Dilip Tirkey, former Indian hockey captain and Rajya Sabha member. \"Yes, the number of morning joggers have gone up, but the credit goes to the doctors,\" he added in a lighter vein.Tirkey said the isuue was not just about competitive sports or making sports a career. \"Everybody should play for general fitness of body, mind and soul. There are lots of playgrounds in the city. There is no doubt that these need better maintenance. At the same time, it is also a fact that more and more people should use these facilities,\" he said, adding in the process some excellent sportspersons will be produced while others will reap the benefit of lifelong fitness.\"I keep getting invitations from different schools in the city on their sports days. I have noticed that many of them have a tendency to wrap up their sports activities of the year within a few days so that they can concentrate on class room teaching for rest of the year. Sports should be a continuous process just like classroom activities,\" he said.The city's Kalinga stadium has international standard swimming pool, gymnasium hall, tennis, volleyball and basketball courts. However, lack of optimum use of infrastructure is an oft repeated complaint. \"Most of the facilities are used by senior government officials and their relatives for leisure. Very few aspiring sportspersons get a chance to play there,\" said a noted sports personality preferring anonymity. \"The timings at the stadium should be made in such a way that students can also go there and play. The bureaucratic high-handedness should also stop,\" he added. Notably, Dilip Tirkey, who was a known hockey star, was ill-treated at the stadium in May 2010. He and his team members were denied entry into the complex for practice on a Saturday.Civic authorities said Olympics has provided food for thought to think on creating neighbourhood sports complexes rather than just amusement parks to encourage various forms sports. \"The issue of developing playgrounds in all localities has come up for discussion several times. This is as important as maintaining beautiful parks. In fact, playgrounds and parks can co-exist within the same complex,\" said mayor Anant Naryan Jena, who is a sports enthusiast himself and often flaunts his track suits and sports shoes during his public appearances.\"There is no doubt we should nurture more sports talents. It seems easily doable in Bhubaneswar because we have lots of free spaces which can be developed for different sports,\" the mayor added.Schools said they are doing their bid to encourage sports. \"Sports are an integral part of our school activities. It was given a boost in recent years after the Central Board of Secondary Education started continuous comprehensive evaluation (CSE) of students. It's now compulsory for all students to take part in sports,\" said Sarat Kumar Behura, principal of Kendriya Vidyalaya 1. \"Several of our students have taken part in sports in the national level. We are particularly doing well in swimming,\" Behura added.City planning experts said the town planners should keep sports facilities as compulsory part of city infrastructure. \"There are plenty of spaces in the city that can be developed for sporting activities. Anyone should be able to play some kind of game within a radius of one km from their home,\" said Piyush Rout, an urban management consultant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15454140", "title": "Pallavi murder case: Family disowned \u2018ruffian\u2019 guard", "text": "Law graduate Pallavi Purkayastha's alleged killer Sajjad Ahmed Mughal left home in Salamabad, near the LoC in Jammu &amp; Kashmir's Baramulla district, five years ago after his family disowned him for his \"thuggish ways\".The security guard's father, Aziz Mughal, said they were clueless about his whereabouts till he contacted them a year later to say he was going to Singapore for a job. He called them again later to inform that he had returned to Mumbai after a two-year stint abroad.Aziz described his 22-year-old, eldest son as a \"ruffian from the beginning\" who never helped him support the family of seven. He said Mughal, a school dropout, used to \"roam around in their locality, do all bad things and pick up fights\". \"He dropped out of school despite my pleas against it,'' said the father. Aziz said Sajjad left home with a truck driver and, after some time, told him that he worked with some \"Sheriff Khan Company\" in Mumbai.A neighbour broke the story about Pallavi's murder to the family, which does not have a television at home, and ekes out a living from Aziz's meagre salary. Mughal's father works as a porter at the India-Pakistan trade post along the LoC, around 100km from Srinagar.The father said Mughal never sent them any money but used to call them once in a while. \"His cellphone has been switched off for some time,\" he said.Sources said the local police questioned Aziz after the news of the murder broke. A senior police officer said Mughal might have got his passport fraudulently if he had indeed travelled to Singapore. \"We would have asked for the character verification had he applied for the passport here,'' he said. Regional Passport Office sources said Sajjad was not issued a passport from Srinagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15455474", "title": "Corporator's hubby held for knocking dead senior citizens", "text": "NAGPUR: After hours of drama by a BJP corporator's husband to save his own skin, Pachpaoli police finally put him behind bars on Saturday for knocking dead two senior citizens with his car.On Friday night, two pedestrians who were crossing the road were knocked down by a car near Awadebabu square. Good friends Anusayabai Pantawne (70) and Bayabai Jaipurkar (80), both residents of Lashkaribagh, were heading home. They had gone to attend a Janmashtami puja at Jaipurkar's daughter's home.The accused driver had fled the spot after the accident but the registration number plate of the car fell down at the spot. The passers-by alerted nearby police and rushed the victims to the hospital where they were declared brought dead.Police has initially registered an offence against the unknown driver. Eye-witnesses claimed that the driver seemed to Nara corporator Sushma Choudhary's husband Sanjay. On verifying the number, police came to know that the car was owned by the Choudhary couple. The couple had bought the car just few months back.On questioning them, the couple said that their driver Dharmendra Raipure had taken the car on Wednesday night for some work and met with an accident. In fact, Sanjay had paid off Dharmendra to confess to the police that he was driving the vehicle and had run over the women.Cops arrested Raipure after he surrendered before them. However, this does not satisfy the eyewitnesses as they kept complaining to senior police inspector Prakash Bele that the driver appeared like Sanjay.Bele then took Raipure to Awadebabu square and asked him to pinpoint the accident spot, which he failed. The police inspector also asked the driver as to which direction the women were coming from and where were they crossing. Yet again, Raipure did not give satisfactory answer.Under intense interrogation, Raipure finally spilled off the beans and revealed the truth. Sanjay was arrested on Saturday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "15454079", "title": "25-year-old govinda killed over petty fight", "text": "KALYAN: A fight over a petty issue turned violent on Friday killing a 25-year-old govinda in Dombivli. The Manpada police have arrested a suspect Bunty Kamble.According to the police, the victim, Sandesh Mahatre, was returning home with his friends after attending dahi handi festivities in the area. On the way back, he got into a a fight with Kamble over a trivial issue.Later in the night, when Mahatre and seven of his friends were consuming alcohol, an unknown person beckoned the victim, said police. \"An inebriated Mahatre was taken to a deserted place, where the unknown person's three accomplices joined them. The four allegedly attacked Mahatre with a chopper and fled the scene. When Mahatre's friends noticed that he had been missing for a long time, they went out looking for him and found him in a pool of blood,\" said the police.Mahatre was taken to Rukminibai Hospital in Kalyan, from where he was shifted to a private hospital. He died on Saturday morning.\"The victim's friends have said that they could not see the person who had called Mahatre as it was dark. However, one of them has claimed that the person was Kamble,\" said police. On the basis of this claim, the Manpada police have arrested Kamble and registered a murder case against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15454135", "title": "Sabyasachi Panda's expulsion to intensify faction feuds", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The CPI (Maoist) expelling its much-publicized Odisha face, Sabyasachi Panda, from the rebel party is likely to intensify the continuing internal conflict between Odia and Telugu cadres in the state, officials here said.The 43-year-old Panda was secretary of the party's Odisha State Organising Committee (OSOC) with a large tract of the state under its control, while his rival faction, Andhra Odisha Border Special Zonal Committee (AOBSZC), mostly dominated by Telugus, is confined to Malkangiri and some parts of nearby southern districts of Koraput and Rayagada.Panda, who rose to become an important functionary in the Maoist body, apparently fell out with the leadership after he raised objection to the domination of Telugu cadres treating the Odia cadres like \"coolies\" and alleged sexual abuse of women. His opposition to the August 2008 murder of Hindu seer Swami Laxmanananda Saraswati and other killings were also not to the liking of the CPI(Maoist) leaders, who felt he was becoming a \"revisionist\" and thus a threat to their armed revolution. Though Panda has since not publicly announced his split with the CPI (Maoist), he nevertheless for sometime has stopped identifying himself as a functionary of the party and dropped hints of floating a new outfit named Odisha Maoist Party (OMP).Panda, who according to the July 16 press release issued by the CPI (Maoist) Central Committee, \"always stayed in touch with the media\" and \"tried to create divide between comrades\", had in his latest audio tape issued on Friday, condemned the \"killing of innocent people\" in the name of revolution. \"It is not our aim to kill innocent people to shut the voice of dissent,\" the audio tape sent by one Pradip, secretary of his Vansadhara division, said.The development in the Maoist organization apparently has come in handy for the state police, which feel the changed situation could help the administration in intensifying the anti-Maoist operation. Officials in the home and police departments, however, are tightlipped to disclose much about their future strategy. \"We are keenly watching the developments,\" director general of police (DGP) Prakash Mishra told TOI.Sources however said, Panda, now faced with double threats from both the state government and his parent party, would be easier to be either caught or killed. \"In the last one month, we had two sure chances of nabbing him, but he managed to escape. After all he is more conversant with the difficult terrains of the forest than our forces raised in urban ambience. We are confident of success in the near future,\" said a senior police official.Panda had kidnapped two Italian visitors from Kandhamal district on March 14. If the statement of Paolo Bososco, whom he released after 29 days in captivity, is to be believed, Sabyasachi does not have more than 50 armed cadres. \"But he enjoys considerable support amongst tribals whose cause he had been regularly championing. Any direct attack on his hideout might cause huge collateral damage, the outcome of which the government is ill-prepared to face,\" the official said.Panda's wife, Subhashree, sought to clarify his position. \"My husband never believed in violence. He always fought against corruption, injustice and exploitation perpetrated on the people by the government. He joined the Maoists seven years after our marriage in 1999 only after the government banned some of the democratic organizations he had established in Gunupur area to fight for the people. Government arrested me on false charges of being associated with Maoist activities on January 14, 2010, and kept me in jail till the court acquitted me on April 10, 2012. I have since not been in touch with my husband,\" Subhashree said.Asked whether she knew anything about Panda's future course of action, Subhashree denied being in touch with her husband after release from the jail. \"He has never contacted me. It is not possible when the state is chasing him. He can only say what he plans to do now. But I am sure he is not a kind of person to compromise and surrender to police,\" she said. \"It is all but natural that Sabyasachi has fallen out with the CPI (Maoist) because he wants a non-violent and democratic space to fight with the establishment for larger benefit to the masses,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15458382", "title": "Distraught R-Patz treats broken heart with 'Antiques Roadshow'", "text": "Robert Pattinson is mending his broken heart by treating himself to his granny's favourite BBC1 series 'Antiques Roadshow'.The distraught actor, who was cheated by his girlfriend Kristen Stewart , prefers staying holed up with an unhealthy dose of antique tables and priceless paintings rather than boozing with his mates.\"People make it seem like I'm out all the time but the truth is I will be at home watching Fawlty Towers , Antiques Road show or Only Fools And Horses ,\" the Daily Star quoted the star as saying.\"That's really what I am doing in LA most nights. I am secretly very dull,\" he said.According to sources, the 26-year-old is in serious danger of turning into a couch potato.\"Rob hasn't got a massive group of friends over here and he isn't really a party guy,\" they said.\"He's started to shut himself off from the outside world, preferring to watch Antiques Roadshow and listen to music,\" they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "durga puri", "code": "15454913", "title": "Sewerage blocked since 15 days, plaints in vain", "text": "DURGA PURI: The residents of Durga Puri street no. 9 have been living under the threat of health hazards due to a blocked sewerage in their locality, which has not received any attention from the municipal authorities in last 15 days.Area resident Harpreet Singh Prince, 30, said their kids have been falling sick due to the blocked sewerage turning into a breeding ground for mosquitoes and insects.\"We complained to the area councillor Hemraj Aggarwal twice during the last week but no one came to clear the sewerage. The blocked drain has lead to troublesome water logging in the area twice over the last week,\" said resident Manish Kumar, 35. Other residents who voiced their protest against municipal corporations inaction included Shweta Chawla, Preeti Arora, Shallu Bajaj and Rahul Gupta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15453380", "title": "Line doubling work to Kottayam picks pace", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: An important railway infrastructure project, which has been delayed for the past several decades, has been witnessing a slow but steady progress in the Thiruvananthapuram Division-the doubling of Kayamkulam-Kottayam line.Over the past one year, railways has completed the track work of the second line up to Chengannur and commissioned soon.Already sleepers and ballast have been laid along the entire stretch from Kayamkulam to Chengannur.Talking to TOI a senior official of the constructions department, Thiruvananthapuram said the work is now progressing steadily after the state government set up a special purpose committee to speed up the land acquisition process.\"The last decade saw the work moving a snail's pace and railways blamed the state government's incompetence to hand over the land. However, the monitoring body has succeeded in handing over land steadily and this in turn has advanced the doubling task. This factor helped the completion of Haripad- Kayamkulam line recently. We are hoping that government would take effort to hand over the rest of land from Kayamkulam and Ernakulam,\" he said.The official added land must be acquired in Kottayam, Ernakulam, Pathanamthitta, Alappuzha and Kottayam to complete the doubling project.While 34.5 hectares of land has to be acquired and handed over in Kottayam, 1.2 hectares of land is needed in Pathanamthitta.\"Construction department has started work in various stretches undertaking landfilling and construction of bridges. At present, we are using more than 100% of track capacity and to deal with this huge congestion, we need a double line by 2015. Consider the three hour journey from Ernakulam to Thiruvananthapuram, a passenger has to wait an extra hour due to heavy traffic,\" the senior official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15455395", "title": "After 10-year court battle, woman gets allotted plot", "text": "GURGAON: After running from pillar to post for over 10 years, a woman who had challenged the cancellation of allotment of plot by HUDA in Gurgaon has got a favourable judgment from Punjab and Haryana high court. In the ruling, a copy of which is with TOI now, issued last month the court ordered HUDA t to allot the plot to the petitioner.The petitioner had applied for allotment of a residential plot measuring 4 Marlas (84 square metres) in Sector 38, Gurgaon, and her name had figured on the list of those who had been allotted the plot in the draw of lots in September 1999.Around that time she had moved into another house in Rewari and did not receive the allotment letter which was posted to her old address on December 23, 1999. The petitioner had duly informed the HUDA administrator, Gurgaon, about the change of address but still the allotment letter was posted to her old address.On coming to know about the allotment of plot, the petitioner had deposited the mandatory 15 % of the price of the plot (Rs 73,239) through a demand draft to the HUDA office. During scrutiny of the allotment records, HUDA officials found that she had delayed the payment and cancelled the allotment.HUDA also returned the money she had deposited in due course. The petitioner claimed that the delay in payment for the plot was due to HUDA's not taking note of the change of address and she challenged the cancellation in court.The petitioner's hope of getting the allotment was dashed in July 2011, when the HUDA administrator, Gurgaon, had passed an order saying that she should have deposited the 15% amount within the stipulated 30 days and in terms of the provisions of delegation of powers, the administrator has no power to condone delay beyond the stipulated time.After going through the entire record, the court held that the fact that the petitioner had communicated her change of address is not disputed in the present writ petition.The court further observed that the cancellation of allotment and refusal to accept 15% amount was a patent illegality.In the order the court further stated that the question of condoning of delay would arise only if the communication is sent to the correct address.The court ordered HUDA to accept the 15% amount, i.e. Rs. 73,239, and deliver possession of the plot allotted to the petitioner in accordance with the law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15459632", "title": "I\u2019m not making a comeback: Sundeep Kishan", "text": "It's been three years since actor Sundeep Kishan had a Telugu release. The critically acclaimed Prasthanam, which released in 2009, was his last. So, the actor is super excited about his next release, Gundello Godari, but he doesn't like it when people call it a comeback film. \"Well I did not really go anywhere,\" he quips, smiling. The 25-year-old has four films lined up this year \u2014 Yaruda Mahesh (Tamil), Routine Love Story and Gundello Godari (both Telugu) and another untitled Telugu film. He's eagerly awaiting the release of the film though. \"I play a very impulsive character who wears his emotions on his sleeve. Since we were shooting in both Tamil and Telugu simultaneously, shifting from the Madurai Tamil accent to East Godavari accent was quite a challenge,\" Sundeep says. He is playing the lead along with Aadi, Lakshmi Manchu and Taapsee Pannu in the movie. Set in the backdrop of the Godavari floods of 1986, the film traces two love stories. \"We shot in some pretty pristine locales of East Godavari district and it was something to get a first taste of life in the villages. It's a film that will stay in the minds of the audience for a while,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "15459402", "title": "House collapsed due to heavy rainfall", "text": "MAPUSA: Due to heavy rains for the past three days, one mud house of Manjunath Parsekar collapsed in Khalchawada in Arambol on Saturday morning. The loss is estimated to be around Rs.50,000.The house was old and wall ware made of mud. The walls were soaked in water due to heavy rains and finally caved in. The rear side of the house completely collapsed. Luckily there were no injuries to the occupants.Panchayat talathi Santosh Gadekar conducted the panchanama of the incident. Sarpanch Herculana Rodrigues and the dy. Sarpanch Dwarkanath Naik visited the site. Locals help the poor family in clearing teh debris.As a result of the incident and because of continuing heavy rain, the family is facing immense hardship. The Parsekar family has urged for the financial help from the government to repair the house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "15455566", "title": "Photographer threatens to immolate self on Independence Day", "text": "GONDIA: A press photographer from Gondia, Bhagwandas Gupta has given an ultimatum to the police department that if it doesn't clear his outstanding payments before August 14, he would immolate himself in front of the SP' office on Independence Day.In a letter to home minister RR Patil, Gupta said he did photography for Gondia's police department for about 10 years till 2002. The department is yet to give him payment for the period 1999- 2002 amounting to Rs80,000. Since then, he has made several rounds to the department and requested all the top police officials, but in vain.Gupta, in his letter, also threatened to immolate self on Independence Day if the payment is not done till August 14.When contacted, deputy superintendent of police (Home), Vasant Gayakwad said the records are not available with us but we have asked the photographer to produce documents to substantiate his claim, but unfortunately he is not cooperating. \"We don't mean to harass Gupta, but since it's an old payment we will require some documents before processing the payment,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15455105", "title": "Baba Ramdev loyalists stick to ground despite rain", "text": "NEW DELHI: Saturday's rain may have soothed many but it was a spoiler for many others. The crowd that gathered at Ramlila Maidan to support Baba Ramdev's fast thinned down considerably after the sudden downpour.However, even the rain could not deter many more who continued to camp in the Maidan under makeshift shelters and followed the developments on the stage. During a long absence of Ramdev from the stage on the third day of the fast, speeches by his close aides praising the loyal supporters were encouraging enough for them. These boosted the crowd's morale and participants from various backgrounds kept on discussing the spiralling corruption in the government departments. Patriotic songs and ragini singers swayed the crowd throughout the day.Slogans against corruption and black money energized the crowd and echoes could be heard far away from the ground. Schoolchildren also demonstrated their support with street plays in which they showed the corrupt babus and politicians siphoning off the public money. \"Through these skits and plays, the younger generation will be aware of the atrocities of our corrupt politicians. They will make the right choice by choosing the right leader,\" said one of the close aides of the yoga guru.Overall, more than 9,000 people were present at the Maidan, said police.Near the stage, a group of school girls in uniform sat together while closely following the developments of the day. Behind them, a small group of farmers who had come from Haryana discussed their problems, only pausing from their conversations every time there was a speech on the stage. Towards the back of the shelters was a large group of farmers from Uttar Pradesh and parts of outer Delhi who said they had been staying at the Maidan since August 8.A group of boys, all dressed in T-shirts with Ramdev's picture, were among the loudest in the crowd who shouted their support each time the yoga guru addressed followers.When Ramdev took the centre stage in the evening around 5pm, the crowd jumped on its feet in thunderous applause. A few important announcements from Ramdev, hinting the future course of action, were enough to settle their apprehensions for the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "15454277", "title": "Plea prompts judges to visit Botanic", "text": "HOWRAH: Justices Kalyan Jyoti Sengupta and Asim Kumar Mondal of Calcutta high court visited the Indian Botanic Garden in Shibpur for over two hours on Saturday evening to assess how things are being managed at the oldest and largest botanic garden in south-east Asia. The court is hearing a PIL against mismanagement at the garden, filed by environment activist Subhas Datta in 2002.The judges toured the garden in a battery-operated vehicle and were accompanied by IBG joint director Himadri Sekhar Debnath, government pleader Ashok Bandyopadhyay, Howrah commissioner of police Ajey Ranade and Datta.\"We welcomed the visit of the judges before the next hearing on Thursday. They visited the lakes, nursery, the Great Banyan Tree, the Large Palm House and the eastern part where a fence has been erected along the banks of the Hooghly. The judges also went to the S N Bose Road-end and saw the encroachment that has taken place, which causes pollution. They also visited the sluice gate and inquired whether we have a chemistry unit in the garden. They were also briefed on the proposed CESC cable that will run below the garden. We told the judges that 136 rare species will be affected if the cable runs through the garden,\" Debnath said.Datta pointed to the siltation that has taken place in the 24 waterbodies inside the garden. At one time, these waterbodies were interconnected and also had a connection with the Hooghly.\"Due to siltation, the waterbodies have suffered and so have the trees and plants. I also showed the judges how a portion of the garden on the banks of the Hooghly was left out when the fence was erected,\" Datta said. Debnath agreed that the waterbodies require desiltation but denied that a part of the garden was left out during fencing. \"The land that one sees on the riverbank was built up due to siltation after the fence was erected. We shall acquire it if the court orders so,\" he said.Datta expressed satisfaction with the visit of the judges. \"Now that they have seen the situation for themselves, it will be easier for us to explain things. I have pointed out that no census of trees has taken place and the William Roxburgh Museum hasn't come up in the last two decades. The judges also visited the canals running along the three edges of the garden. The canals are in bad shape,\" Datta added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15454988", "title": "Uplifting, educating", "text": "CHANDIGARH: As soon as he finishes classes, he rushes to British School, Sector 44, where over 50 students from less privileged background await him after school. Laptops, audio-visual sessions and LCD screens, everything is specially arranged for these kids who live in a nearby colony. Tushar Chawla, 20, who is a student of GGDSD, Sector 32, and his team members led by Rahul Gupta, make it a point to take out time to give tuitions to them.Rahul and Tushar are not exceptions, a host of city youngsters have been teaching underprivileged kids in the city through Sarv Shiksha Abiyaan (SSA). A majority out of 218 alternative innovative education (AIE) centers in city's government schools, which are now called STC (special training centres) have youngsters, who have formed various groups, who teach kids.In the past these AIE centres included children who had never been to school and hailed from nearby slums and were later sent to mainstream government schools.Now the STCs take care of the education of those children who were in mainstream schools but dropped out or find it hard to cope with studies.\"We are a team of 15 youngsters who assist 50 children who are academically and financially weak. What continues to drive us is that we do something for society,\" smiles Rahul.He adds that the message for modern day youngsters is that the future belongs to them and hence the choices that they make are important. \"The country needs a major revolution and more participation of the youth is needed,\" he adds.Camps for kids whose parents won't send them to school Pooja Gosain, who takes free 'Balchetna' classes in Mohali, is a young Art of Living faculty who has been empowering small children, enrolled in government schools and those who cannot afford schooling through holistic education. 'Balchenta' classes have been specially designed by the NGO involved in humanitarian work for underprivileged children and is aimed at making them realize the importance of good health, hygiene and at the same time teaching them practical techniques to get over any insecurities.After graduating from Guru Gobind Singh College for Women, Sector 26, Pooja decided to dedicate her life to empower little girls living in Matour village, near Mohali. She has been convincing parents of young children to let them go to school. She has been teaching the kids to make greeting cards and envelopes, which are then sold to big companies, thereby helping them to earn some money to make them self-reliant.\"Parents of these children were too poor and the idea of educating their kids did not enthuse them, especially when they did not even get two square meals a day. There was no motivation to study, hence we took it as a challenge,\" says Pooja. She along with her team mates, Pushpinder Singh Manchanda and Ashish Kataria, have taken up this task of bringing in change in the lives of these children.Instilling confidenceClose to 45 orphaned children or those with single parents or whose parents got remarried live in a home for destitute kids here. And they have been 'adopted' by Isha Kakaria, a young social worker and her team at Sector 55, Palsora.Pledging to instill more confidence in these children, aged between 6 to 16 years, by involving them in various activities, these youngsters have put a human face to service.\"We encourage them to read, render poems and get involved in group activities to develop a spirit of team work in them,\" says Sakshi Khanna, 26, \"We design activities for them so that they can identify their weaknesses and whatever they do in life is aimed to get the best out of them,\" says Khanna.Among other projects that the team has already undertaken, the youngsters visit the home once to thrice a week and have been doing so for the last seven months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15453810", "title": "Maharashtra Police Academy residents feel cop heat after terror alert", "text": "NASHIK: With the Maharashtra Police Academy (MPA) on the radar of terror outfits, the city police have started conducting a survey of residents staying in buildings around the MPA, in addition to stepping up security arrangements around and within the academy.According to officials, 11 sub inspectors have been entrusted with gathering details on every household in the vicinity training institute. Deputy commissioner of police (DCP) Sandeep Diwan said that demographic information such as number of family members, their native place and occupation, were being noted down.People surveyed also included those residing in the Utkarsha and Siddhartha Nagar slums. Ameeting of residentail colony representatives was also conducted with an appeal to them to remain vigilant and inform the police about any suspicious activity in addition to keeping them updated on lease or rental activitiy in the area.The security of the MPA along Nashik-Trimbak Road has become a major issue after Lashkar terrorist Zabiuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal gave a statement to the Delhi police that his outfit had planned an attack on the MPA in 2009 and the outfit might still be working on the plan. Last month the Anti Terrorism Squad (ATS) had reportedly revealed that Jundal was the mastermind behind the attack that was to be carried out on MPA in 2010. Meanwhile Sheikh Lalbaba Farid, alias Bilal, another LeT member, had also carried out a reccee of the Nashik police commissionerate and the Deolali army camp before he was arrested by the ATS from Satpur in September 2010.In the light of these terror-driven activities, the police have also sought two platoons of state reserve police force (SRPF).After Bilal was arrested by the ATS, MPA had beefed up its security arrangements in its premises. Recently, the police also clamped a ban on vehicle parking along the institute. Police have said action would also be taken on landlords and others who do not report tenancy information to the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15455510", "title": "Memory exercises amaze children at seminar", "text": "JAIPUR: The day one of two-day 'The Mind-Body Seminar' organized by The Times-NIE in association with the India Book of Records saw parents along with children turning out in large numbers to learn about various memory enhancing skills.On Sunday, the seminar timings are 10 am to 12noon and 4pm to 6pm.Key speaker at the event, Biswaroop Roy Chowdhury, holder of two Guinness World Records , displayed some nail-biting memory exercises before a packed Maharana Pratap auditorium at BVB Vidyashram School on Saturday.He asked the first 20 people sitting in the first row to tell the last two digits of their phone numbers. Then, he asked the audience how much time they would take to memorize these numbers. While some said 15 minutes, others settled for 30 minutes.To everyone's surprise, Biswaroop without looking at the screen memorized all the numbers in the normal as well as reverse order. Children, amazed at such display of skills, asked him if they could do the same with periodic table, calendar etc.To this, he said one can build a strong memory by increasing concentration power. Before exams, he asked students to get a proper sleep. \"Power nap in the afternoon is equal to two fresh mornings,\" he said.He also dwelled on how negative thoughts affect the body's routine functioning. Negative thinking, he said, puts stress on metabolic activities. In extreme cases, it may also affect the immune system.Neerja Roy Chowdhury, also known as 'walking dictionary', was the other big attraction at the event. She has memorized the complete Oxford English-Hindi dictionary.The key speakers came down heavily on pharmaceutical companies for misleading people by selling products. They said scientific studies have shown that several lifestyle diseases are rather induced, making children prone to diseases.To demonstrate his innovation, he invited a girl student of upper KG, who is student of Roy surprised audience when she narrated periodic table at one go.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15453577", "title": "Cold storage proposed to tackle wastage", "text": "VARANASI: There is a wastage of about 40% fruits and vegetables in the state due to lack of proper storage facilities in the mandis. To facilitate the farmers and traders the Mandi Parishad of UP is planning to establish cold storage facilities on unused and vacant pieces of land of Mandi Parishad.The commissioner and director of Mandi Parishad Rajiv Agrawal while holding a review meeting of Varanasi and Mirzapur divisions here on Friday informed that matter was under consideration at the government level to create cold storage for fruits and vegetables under public private partnership (PPP) model at vacant land pieces of Mandi Parishad. According to him, about 40% fruits and vegetables go waste in want of proper storage. He instructed the secretaries in the districts to ensure better basic facilities to farmers and traders and address the problems on priority basis.Taking serious note of inferior quality and water leakage in the newly constructed shops in the Mandi Parishad of Chandauli district, Agrawal instructed for the constitution of an investigation committee to probe into the matter and submit the report at the earliest. He also warned the departmental engineer that he would be suspended if quality of work was found below standard.Agrawal also asked the officials of the two divisions to prepare proposals for the creation of information centres, garages for truck repairing, and toilets at the vacant pieces of land of Mandi Parishad. Besides, he also sought proposals for the maintenance of shops. He asked the secretaries to invite suggestions from the traders for the construction of one extra floor on the existing shops so that the ground floor could be used as godown and upper floor could be used as the offices.Taking note of the disparity in market prices of vegetables and mandi fees in the mandis of Varanasi, he asked the officials to determine proper and reasonable price and mandi fee so that the farmers could get proper price of their produce as well as state could get revenue. He also instructed for the creation of haat and market at district, tehsil and block levels.Regarding the suggestion of mandi yards at Rajatalab-Mohansarai bypass, Mughalsarai, Sakaldiha and Saidpur, he asked the official to study the suggestion and submit the report regarding the availability of land for this purpose. He also sought proposals regarding the mandi yard at Ghazipur and fruit and vegetable mandi at the vacant land in Chandauli Mandi Parishad. Besides, he also instructed to identify place for the fruit-vegetable mandi in Bhadohi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15455269", "title": "'Comb cantar' redefines patriotism", "text": "PANAJI: Overt, in-your-face patriotism isn't something you'd usually associate with Olavo Rodrigues. The prince of contemporary Goan pop is far better-known for his energetic, Freddie Mercury-esque stage presence, elaborate costumes, tendency to involve the crowd, and anthemic hits such as 'Kor cantar', 'Ami Goenkar' and 'Hey hey moga', rendered by his soaring baritone. These tunes, staples of the Konkani repertoire, transcend Goa in their popularity-they're favourites among the state's massive diaspora too.Ahead of Independence Day, Rodrigues, whose stage persona was recently rechristened O'luv, will don a new role. As Goans logged on to the internet on Saturday, web fora and mailboxes were filled with a YouTube link to O'luv's latest project-the Indian national anthem, played on a humble comb.In the video, which is in all probability the first time the Jana Gana Mana has been rendered this way, Rodrigues begins by reciting an English translation of the anthem. Then, accompanied by a keyboard, tabla, dholak and bass guitar, he creates a sound vaguely similar to that of a shehnai, by simply stringing a piece of paper to one side of a comb, and humming the national anthem with cropped lips, resulting in a fresh, unique interpretation of a tune usually rendered by highly-disciplined musicians of the Indian armed forces.The ubiquitous comb being used as a music device is not a new phenomenon. The African instruments lamellophone and kazoo both 'cite' the comb as an inspiration, and have been used for several centuries.It's not new for Rodrigues, either. Now 40, he started playing the contraption at 8, and never looked back. Though his expressive voice is arguably his biggest strength, the comb has been a regular feature in the more recent of his 300-odd concerts he has performed in Goa, Europe and the Gulf.\"I started preparing for the video over a month before the recording,\" Rodrigues, who hails from Chinchinim, told TOI. \"I listened to several renditions by musicians such as Pt Hariprasad Chaurasia, A R Rahman, Sonu Nigam and Shreya Ghoshal, concentrating on the music rather than the lyrics, since I was to play it on the comb.\"The fact that it was the national anthem had its own share of difficulties. \"It took us three days to record it, since we had to be careful,\" he says. \"Any other song, we'd have completed it in a couple of hours.\"Laurels from the Goan diaspora haven't gone to his head. A day after publishing the video, he's set to perform for a diaspora festival in Karachi, Pakistan, right from his home in Goa. \"O'luv will sing with us via Skype ,\" says Deborah Santamaria, a Karachi Goan who has been celebrating her Goanness every August since 2001. On Sunday (today), 300 Goans will make their way to a farm in Pakistan's largest city, where they will celebrate Sao Joao, and where the person with the best 'copel' will win an award. \"The highlight, though,\" Santamaria says, \"will be O'luv, who will sing 'Ami Goenkar' with all of us.\"For Goa, the wait won't be much longer; next Sunday, Rodrigues, along with an array of other stars, will take centrestage in Panaji , in a celebration of everything Goan-people, identity, and culture, as a tribute to its beloved language- Konkani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15455457", "title": "Africa\u2019s new problem: Obesity", "text": "In the public mind, sub-Saharan Africa is a region plagued by war, famine and disease. Now it faces a new threat \u2014 obesity. It is not a problem widely associated with a continent where millions live on less than a dollar a day. But growing rates of obesity are posing a significant risk to the health of the next generation.With a population that has passed one billion, Africa is starting to experience the ills of the developed world, driven by changing diets, urbanisation and increasingly sedentary lives, according to research published in The Lancet. The reasons for the steep rise in obesity among some of the world's poorest nations is hotly debated. One theory is that the global increase is a legacy of evolution. People from Africa, Asia and Polynesia are particularly prone to obesity because they are more likely to have inherited the genes that encourage fat storage.This is the \"thrifty gene hypothesis\" \u2014 the notion that obesity occurs especially among populations exposed in the past to alternating feast and famine. Months of food shortages and near starvation would be followed by weeks of feasting when the rains came. Genes that laid down fat as a reserve against the next shortage were favoured but among today's urban populations, where shortage never comes, the genes overdo their job.In America, one adult in three is classified as obese, but obesity is markedly higher among black and native Americans than among those of European descent. But efforts to identify genetic reasons have failed, undermining the theory. As Sidney Brenner, the Nobel prize-winning biologist, once said, the gene for obesity was found long ago: it is the one that makes you open your mouth.The real culprit, researchers believe, is the shift to urban living. Cities in Africa are the fastest-growing in the world. This is not only about the spread of McDonald's , KFC and the \"Coca-Colanisation \" of the developing world. It is also about the change in diet that occurs when people move from growing to buying their food. Jenny Cresswell, chief author of the Lancet study, said: \"Once people move to the city, their activity levels go down. They are no longer able to grow their own food. Instead they tend to rely on street hawkers and eat foods high in fat and sugar. \"Today, obesity in Africa is associated with wealth: the wealthier you are, the more likely you are to be overweight. But as populations get richer, it is expected that the picture will swing round and obesity will become associated with the poor.\"- THE INDEPENDENT", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15455041", "title": "Minor found pregnant, kin booked for rape", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A 12-year-old schoolgirl was found five-month pregnant on Saturday and police have booked her distant relative, Rahul from Ropar, for rape. The matter came to light when the girl complained of pain in her abdomen and was rushed to Civil Hospital, Phase-VI, Mohali, on Friday. Police said doctors found that the girl was pregnant and summoned the police. Her pregnancy was terminated as it could be dangerous to the girl's life.The victim's family lives in Sector 56 and her father is a contractual gardener with PGI. Sub-inspector Nand Kishore said in his statement to police, her father reported that Rahul used to visit their house in his absence and due to such suspicious activities, they had told him not to come to their place. The parents of victim were not aware that he had raped their daughter.Police said a team has been dispatched to Ropar for arresting Rahul.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15454978", "title": "Shivpal Yadav in another slip of tongue", "text": "LUCKNOW: Shivpal Yadav waded into another controversy on Saturday. He was in Allahabad to review the preparation for the Kumbh mela to be held next January.Later, while talking to reporters, he said that government is committed to providing best of facilities to the people coming to the mela.\" Kisi cheej ki kami nahi hogi chahe woh commission khori ho ya bijli, roads, pani...hand pump (There will be no scarcity of anything - be it kickback in projects or construction of roads and electricity and drinking water supply... even hand pumps),\" he said.Later, SP leaders clarified that what he meant was that there will be no kickbacks and all arrangement will be up to the mark.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15458461", "title": "Airport Authority of India to extend direct routes to other cities too", "text": "MUMBAI: After introducing green-routes between Mumbai and Delhi, Airport Authority of India (AAI) is now planning to introduce similar air-routes between other busy sectors too. On July 26, AAI introduced direct routes between Mumbai and Delhi where aircraft could fly straight to the destination without having to chart its course through Ahemdabad, Jaipur and Udaipur. The move was enabled by the use of RNAV 5, a satellite based communication device which helps the aircraft keep its path without monitoring from the ground agencies.Since most aircraft in the country are now RNAV equipped, AAI is planning to extend the routes other cities. The direct route, according to officials is also a more fuel efficient route which will also reduce carbon emissions. \"When an aircraft takes the direct route, it flies faster and at the optimum altitude. This reduces carbon emissions too,\" explained a senior AAI official. AAI is planning to extend these direct routes to sectors like Delhi-Chennai, Delhi-Jaipur, Delhi-Udaipur, Chennai-Bangalore etc. \"Most of these sectors have heavy traffic and introducing the direct routes will help aircraft efficiency. Also all flights flying these direct routes will save five to ten minutes of time,\" an official said.According to AAI officials, this is one of the first steps towards the global commitment to reduce carbon emissions from aviation. \"More direct routes would mean more fuel efficiency and lesser carbon emissions. If most sectors are operated on this route, it will collectively make a small but significant contribution to the environment also,\" an AAI official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15461585", "title": "Security alert in Assam following Ulfa threat", "text": "GUWAHATI: Security has been beefed up and alert sounded throughout Assam following reports of possible strikes by ULFA's anti-talk faction in the run-up to Independence Day celebrations on Wednesday.According to intelligence reports, several groups of the outfit's anti-talk faction have sneaked into different parts of the start to carry out subversive activities and patrolling has been intensified to nab them, official sources said.Security forces have carried out operations in Tinsukia, Sibsagar, Jorhat, Dhubri and other parts of the state and nabbed several militants who were planning to disrupt the Independence Day celebrations, the sources said.The anti-talk faction of the ULFA has called an Assam Bandh on August 15 and also joined several other militant outfits of the North East in calling a boycott and general strike on that day.In a separate directive, the director general of civil aviation has asked airport authorities to tighten the vigil in and around all airports in the north eastern states.The North East Frontier Railway has also decided to cancel and reschedule all night trains through Assam and Tripura until August 17 for security reasons.A strict vigil was being maintained in and around all vital installations like oil pipelines, railway tracks, railway stations, bus terminus and others, sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15455152", "title": "2 held for duping senior citizen of Rs 2.2 lakh", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two people have been arrested for cheating a senior citizen of Rs 2.2 lakh in Tilak Nagar area, police said. Metro police have recovered Rs 1.1 lakh and a gold chain worth Rs 38,000 from the accused \u2014 Jagdeep Singh (33) and Naresh Kumar Verma (23).\"On Wednesday, we received a tip-off from Rithala Metro station police that the accused would come at the parking of Inderlok Metro station. Acting upon this, the duo was nabbed,\" said DCP (crime and railways) Sanjay Jain.The two men told police that they came to know about a senior citizen, Jaswant Kaur, who wanted to get a new electricity meter installed at her house. The accused approached Kaur and got two cheques of Rs 60 each from her on the pretext of installing new meter.They filled the cheques with their magic pen and got it signed by the woman with a normal pen. Later, they erased the amount and filled in Rs 2.8 lakh; they credited the amount in their fictitious account in a bank branch at Pusa Road,\" said additional DCP (railways) Sanjay Jain.They withdrew the whole amount from an ATM. The debit card has been seized.Jagdeep was running a cold drinks shop in Moti Nagar. He was a gambler and liked to spend money. He was in urgent need of money for the delivery of his wife, which is why he resorted to cheating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15458350", "title": "Non-metro airports will have to pitch-in for an all-CAPA", "text": "MUMBAI: Airports in metro cities may be the key revenue drivers currently, but non-metro airports will also have to pitch in, if the country has to achieve all-round aviation development. A recent report by the Centre for Asia Pacific Aviation ( CAPA) said that most of the capacity is currently concentrated in six metro cities. However, other states also need to play a more active role in encouraging airport development to further growth and investment in their state and in the country.According to the report, Kerela has the highest per capita traffic ratio among non-metro states. This is primarily due to the flow of expatriate labour to the Gulf. Being a tourist spot is another reason. Next to Kerela, comes Gujarat, one of the most industrialized state with a large number of airports. However, the most populated states in the country, Uttar Pradesh (UP) and Bihar, are under performers in air-traffic.\"They have a combined population of 304 million. The sheer size of these states make them pivotal for India's economic success,\" the report states. \"Despite having 25% of India's population residing in Uttar Pradesh and Bihar, their airports accounted for just 2% of total air traffic in FY11. Kanpur, the largest city in India's largest state, with a population of 3 million, has negligible air connectivity and is served by no more than two domestic departures a day, by regional aircraft. And in the case of Bihar, the state is faced with the prospect of being virtually closed to air traffic,\" the report adds. The capital of Bihar, Patna accounts for about 95 per cent of the total air traffic in the state. However, Patna airport too has been declared unsafe for narrow-body aircraft due to reclassification of usable runway length.\"The state governments of both Uttar Pradesh and Bihar have ambitious plans to transform their economic performance. But without air capacity to provide connectivity and to support business, trade and tourism, their ambitions may be misplaced. Conversely, if these states can succeed, and they must, then the benefits for the entire Indian economy will be enormous ,\" the report states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15455745", "title": "Fire breaks out at Ahmedabad multiplex", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A fire broke out inside the restaurant at City Gold multiplex on Ashram Road on Saturday afternoon. However, no casualty was reported in the incident.A team of Ahmedabad Fire and Emergency Services (AFES) rushed to the spot and controlled the flames after a 30-minute operation.AFES officials said they had received a call at 12.20 pm on Saturday from Cine Masala, a restaurant on the first floor of multiplex. The restaurant's kitchen chimney had caught fire.The restaurant officials initially tried to extinguish the fire on their own, but to no avail. Later they called up the AFES. The entire restaurant was engulfed in a thick smoke layer.M F Dastoor, chief fire officer, AFES, who rushed to the spot with his team, told TOI that the soot and garbage stuck inside the chimney due to constant exhaust had caught flames. \"We had to use a turntable ladder in the operation and sprinkle water inside the 20-feet high chimney from the top to douse the flames. The strategy was successful as the fire came under control soon,\" he said.The incident led to cancellation of film shows at the theater.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15454516", "title": "Pro-Eelam speakers denied Indian visa", "text": "CHENNAI: Several delegates perceived to be strident Eelam supporters have been denied visas to participate in the Tamil Eelam Supporters Organization ( Teso) conference on Sunday, presumably to prevent any diplomatic embarrassment. The foreign ministry fears that the participation of around 15 such delegates, some of them Sinhalese, event could cause awkward moments for India, sources said.DMK MP and party spokesperson T K S Elangovan said, \"Several delegates from Sri Lanka, the United States and Canada had expressed keenness to attend the conference. But they were denied visas. Though T R Baalu (DMK's parliamentary party leader) has taken up the issue with the external affairs ministry, it is too late for the delegates to fly down to Chennai even if their requests for visas are cleared.\"Wickramabahu Karunaratne, a Sinhalese supporter of Tamil self-determination, was to attend the conference, but has been denied visa. He told reporters in Colombo that he would take up the issue with DMK president M Karunanidhi. Sinhala leftist leader Sirithunga Jayasuriya has also been denied a visa.According to Tamilnet, a Sri Lanka-based news website, some leaders of the Tamil National Alliance (TNA) and Tamil National Liberation Front (TNLF) have been denied visas. Prominent among them are R Sampanthan, Maavai Senadhiaraja and Mano Ganeshan. Sampanthan is a former leader of the Tamil United Liberation Front (TULF) and currently a member of Lankan parliament, representing the Trincomalee constituency.Sources said some leaders interested in attending the meet were held back due to a threat from a Sri Lankan minister that participants from the country are being watched closely. DMK chief Karunanidhi had condemned the minister's statement and accused the Lankan government of spreading false propaganda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15455054", "title": "Delhi Metro, Reliance Infrastructure rift widens", "text": "NEW DELHI: A month after the Reliance Infrastructure-led consortium shut down the Airport Metro Express line, the acrimony between Delhi Metro Rail Corporation and the concessionaire has reached another level. DMRC has now accused R-Infra of trying to shift the blame for the maintenance and related work on to Delhi Metro after it refused the concessionaire's request to defer payment of concession fee for five years.Jitender Tyagi, director (works), DMRC, has told TOI, \"The contractual agreement is very clear: The concessionaire can inform DMRC of any problem that occur on the Airport Metro line and DMRC will address those issues for the first 12 months. Thereafter, maintenance is the concessionaire's responsibility.\"According to Tyagi, R-Infra could also have inspected the line six months after the start of services and before the expiry of the 12-month period for any defect or problem on it. \"However, the concessionaire never approached Delhi Metro with any such complaints during this period.\"Tyagi claimed, \"All the problems started surfacing after DMRC rejected the concessionaire's request for deferring the concession fee for the next five years. Reliance had cited mounting revenue losses for deferring the payment of concession fee, which is Rs 51 crore annually, plus a percentage of the gross revenue every quarter.\"In the letter written on April 20, R-Infra had said, \"Our cash flows are affected very badly....This being the first public-private partnership in Metro domain, we require strong support from our public partner namely DMRC to make it viable.\"DMRC officials said that according to the DMRC-concessionaire agreement, R-Infra could pay a penalty and exit the special purpose vehicle (SPV) under which the Airport Metro Express line has come up.\"According to the agreement, Reliance can default but will have to pay 20% of the loan amount and forfeit its equity. However, if DMRC defaults, Reliance will get back 130% of the equity as well as the debt amount,\" said Tyagi. The equity, Delhi Metro officials said, is approximately Rs 800 crore, with Reliance having shown Rs 2,000 crore as loan amount.Dismissing allegations of \"forcing\" Reliance to go in for a particular track system in its underground tunnel or putting at risk safety concerns, Delhi Metro officials claimed that DMRC had just \"advised\" the concessionaire.\"Allegations that we forced or instructed Reliance to opt for a track system are wrong. We gave them several options, none of which they could procure,\" said Tyagi, referring to the defective track fastening clips on the underground tunnel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15454100", "title": "Meet your new travel option: \u2018Eco cab\u2019", "text": "CHENNAI: Haggling with autorickshaw drivers and worrying about the safety of share autos in the city could soon end. In about eight months, if all goes well, a solar-powered three-wheel 'eco cab,' designed by M Sivaraj of Tirupur, could help you navigate through some of the most congested areas. The concept cab, which won a place in the Indian Book of Records (IBR) on Saturday, \"will be the first of its kind in the India. It is eco-friendly and travelling in it will be free,\" said an IBR representative.It will be powered by three sources. \"Apart from solar panels, it can also be charged through a wall socket or be pedalled,\" he said. There is also the pedal-assist option where a motor will make pedalling easier.This 'glorified rickshaw' could one day be the choice of commute in highly congested spots. \"As of now, we want it to run from Madhya Kailash to Tidel Park and Anna Nagar,\" said Sivaraj.The cab will not be required to be registered at a regional transport office. \"The cost will be lower than conventional autos and many auto drivers have shown interest in it,\" he said.Though officially launched in 2010, it did not get popular. \"People need more speed. The solar powered cab can travel up to 55km/hour,\" said SivarajThese cabs, which are in operation in a few European countries, are likely to be introduced in Chennai next year. \"There have been problems with RTOs. After the cab gets the clearance, we will try to get advertisments and make it free for commuters,\" said Sivaraj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15454213", "title": "Activist hits out at school over slapping of criminal charges", "text": "MUMBAI: On Saturday, activist Avisha Kulkarni, along with other social workers, protested against criminal charges lodged against her by the managament of Vibgyor High School at the Goregaon police station. The management claims she incited a mob to ransack the school.On August 7, a tanker had mowed down a woman on Link Road, close to the school. A mob gathered at the spot, stormed into the school and manhandled the staff. The mob also damaged school buses parked in the compound. According to the complaint, Kulkarni was also present at the school entrance.\"We have learnt that Kulkarni instigated the mob, stating that the school buses parked outside Vibgyor High School contributed to accidents,\" said senior inspector Arun Jadhav of Goregaon police.The police have arrested two persons\u2014 Sonali Gosavi and Namdeo Survade. \"We have booked the two on charges of rioting and trespassing. Kulkarni has been booked on abetment charges but hasn't been arrested yet,\" said Jadhav. Kulkarni and the school management have fought several battles in court after Kulkarni's daughter was thrown out of the school allegedly because Kulkarni objected fee hikes. \"My charity trust also runs a free ambulance service and I was rushing to help the road accident victim that day. Let the police prove me guilty and then arrest me,\" she told TOI.Shim Matthew, principal of Vibgyor High School said, \"We have CCTV footage and Avisha is part of the mob which stormed into the school.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "kathmandu", "code": "15461610", "title": "Students groups force schools, colleges to close in Nepal", "text": "KATHMANDU: Thousands of schools and colleges have been forced shut in Nepal by youth political activists in protest against alleged irregularities and 'foreign' names of institutions.Different sister and youth wings affiliated to as many as 17 political parties have joined a massive protest, and forced academic institutions under the Higher Secondary Education Council and Council of Technical Education and Vocational Training (CTEVT) to close.The latest protests came after allegations of irregularities surfaced in colleges under CTEVT.The Youth Association Nepal, affiliated to CPN-UML, the Nepal Students Union, affiliated to Nepali Congress, and the All Nepal National Free Students Union among others, have joined the protest affecting studies of thousands of colleges.The CTEVT has been accused of raising arbitrary fees and dispatching question papers for examination outside the Kathmandu Valley before time.Also high on the demands of protesters is rechristening of colleges and schools which have 'English' names.They are also demanding that institutions maintain quality of educational and provide scholarship to economically weaker students.NSU President Ranjit Karna warned they would intensify protests if the demands were not met.ANNFSU President Madhav Dhungel said that the closure of colleges was required for ending irregularities in the sector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15454173", "title": "Why so many visas issued to Hindus? Pak asks Indian mission", "text": "NEW DELHI: Brushing aside Islamabad's allegations that Indian high commission had issued too many visas at one go to Hindu pilgrims, who were detained in Pakistan before being allowed to enter India, officials sources here said that all visas were given in keeping with the Indo-Pak visa agreement. Pakistani interior minister Rehman Malik had earlier said that the entire issue suggested a conspiracy and asked Indian high commission to explain why so many visas were issued.Pakistani authorities had detained around 200 Hindus on their way to India apprehending that they may never return for fear of violance against them in upper Sindh. \"These were all short term, city-specific visas which were given after exercising all due diligence and within the framework of the Indo-Pak visa agreement,\" said a source, adding that it was wrong to say that all of them were together given visas.\"Pakistan has an exit control policy which empowers them to detain any traveller if the visas were not issued in proper categories and following the prescribed system,\" said sources. Foreign minister S M Krishna had earlier this year taken up the issue of persecution of Hindus saying that it was the responsibility of the government of Pakistan \"to discharge its constitutional obligations towards its citizens, including those from the minority community''.Ironically, Pakistan on Saturday observed its annual minorities' day celebrations with President Asif Ali Zardari saying in a speech that it cannot be unmindful of hopes and fears of minorities in the country. \"We cannot be oblivious of our responsibility to continue making efforts for bringing into the main stream of national life peoples of all faiths and allay their concerns about their rights and privileges as guaranteed by our religion and the constitution,'' he said.Malik refused to let the Hindus proceed beyond Jacobabad in Sindh, unless he was satisfied they would not take asylum in India. Eventually, after some hours, Hindus were allowed to go after their representatives pledged to return to Pakistan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15453757", "title": "Madurai civic body pollutes rivers", "text": "MADURAI: In blatant disregard of preservation of water bodies and irrigation channels, the Madurai city corporation has been pumping sewage into the Krithumal river and the Anupanadi channel.Despite frequent protests from people, the civic body is polluting water bodies that are already crying for attention. The authorities feign helplessness and say they are awaiting funds for cleaning the Krithumal river.While sewage was pumped into Anupanadi channel at Ellis Nagar, sewage was drained into the Kiruthumal river through pipelines at Sringeri Nagar. \"For the past one year, sewage from Muthupatti is being pumped into Krithumal river,\" says S Ragavan, president of the Joint Action Council, Ellis Nagar. In Ellis Nagar, the Anupanadi channel was being polluted with pumped sewage for the past five years, he added.Mayor V V Rajan Chellappa, however, said they were awaiting funds to clean the Krithumal river. A detailed project report for Rs 98 lakh had been prepared to clean the river, he said. The civic body, he added, was also waiting for the Rs 250 crore grant announced by the state government to clean 13 irrigation channels in the city.\"There are about 2,500 houses in Ellis Nagar and we have paid about Rs 86 lakh to the city corporation, besides underground drainage deposit. But all we get in return is polluted water bodies, mosquito menace and stink,\" Ragavan said.While the Krithumal, revered as an ancient holy river, has been completely defaced leaving it to resemble a sewage drain, the Anupanadi channel is in pathetic state with much of its flow blocked by garbage and shrubs. Both the water bodies had been narrowed down at several places impeding water flow.A civic body official said efforts were on to clean the river and the channel. Admitting that the flow of water had been blocked, aggravating the mosquito menace, he, however, said the situation was much better now compared to the past due to efforts of the corporation. \"Seventy-five percent of the mosquito menace has been brought down now,\" he claimed. He also claimed that sewage was let into the river and channels only after processing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15454806", "title": "Azam Khan suspends Lucknow municipal commissioner", "text": "LUCKNOW: Urban development minister Azam Khan on Saturday ordered suspension of Lucknow municipal commissioner Nagendra Pratap Singh on charge of dereliction of duty. Khan, who was passing through the VIP Gulistan Colony, was incensed after finding municipal garbage piled up near a culvert. A fuming Khan later told the media \"if poor civic situation prevailed in VIP areas, one can well expect the situation in other parts of the city\".Interestingly, the culvert belongs to the Northern Railways and has nothing to do with the Lucknow Municipal Corporation (LMC). In fact, the culvert had been a bone of contention between the Railways and the residents of Gulistan Colony. The residents had been demanding a sewer line to connect the existing one on Vikaramaditya Marg for the past five years. However, not much headway could be made.Heckles, not surprisingly, are being raised in official circles here as Singh is considered to be an upright and competent officer. Only recently he had stopped payment to UP Jal Nigam, of which Khan is the chairman, for laying faulty sewer lines in the city. Singh had also asked the Jal Nigam to ensure quality in laying of sewer lines.Three days ago Singh had sought suggestions from the state government for taking action against the private company which was roped in by the previous state government for management of solid waste in the city. The company, Jyoti-Envirotech, had not been performing as per standards, with people often lodging complaints against the company.Khan, interestingly, said \"though Singh was honest, he was not working hard enough to cater to the needs of the city\". When asked if the situation has deteriorated because of the lack of enough staff, Khan said: \"It is the duty of the people holding important positions to ensure that adequate changes are made in the policy to make it people-friendly. The officials could have roped in contractual staff.\"Nearly half of the city is being served by contractual staff - while nearly 1,500 are on direct contract, around 1,000 are being outsourced. Besides, 3,000 safai-karamcharis are on direct roles of the Lucknow Municipal Corporation (LMC). Even though cleanliness has been a major issue marring the reputation of LMC, suspension of Singh has come as a surprise.While mayor Dinesh Sharma refused to comment on the development, officials and corporators at the LMC maintained that Singh was a \"competent and hard-working officer\".Singh had recently stopped payment to the UP Jal Nigam for laying of sewer lines in the city after water-logging exposed the faulty design of the sewer and storm-water drainage lines in the city. Incidentally, he also recommended suspension of in-charge of the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission ( JNNURM) S K Jain.Singh also ordered inspection of sewer lines by a team of experts from IIT-Roorkee to assess the extent of faults. Khan, significantly, is the chairman of UP Jal Nigam.Khan said that it has been four months since the SP government has been in power for the last four months and it is high time that officials and party leaders should stop blaming the previous government for all the troubles. \"People will not buy the argument any more,\" Khan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15455094", "title": "Waiting list gets longer for PhD aspirants", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Panjab University it seems is turning a blind eye to brain drain. The waiting list to enrol for a PhD programme at PU appears to have become longer forcing toppers to turn to other universities.With certain departments not conducting their entrance exams this year due to dearth of seats and infrastructure, several National Eligibility Test (NET) qualified candidates and Junior Research Fellows are turning disappointed. Most of these students apply for a seat in other universities in Punjab and Haryana.\"Over 250-300 applicants line up each year to enrol for a PhD degree at University Business School alone. On an average, 13-15 students clear NET exam every six months in management discipline from PU,\" says a student leader of Student Organization of Panjab University.Chairpersons of various departments, however, have a different version. Staff crunch and lack of facilities force them to limit students. \"We have to strike a balance between quality and quantity. Ensuring quality is a major concern and we can't overstuff departments with students,\" says a chairperson, declining to be named.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15453610", "title": "Youth stabbed to death", "text": "VARANASI: Sudhir Kumar alias Vikky Dubey, a 22-year-old youth of Badi Piyari area under Chowk police station, was stabbed to death by four miscreants near Arya Mahila College under Chetganj police station on Saturday morning.According to reports, Sudhir and Aman Chaurasia were friends. Aman alleged that around 8 am four miscreants boarded him in an auto rickshaw forcibly after terrorizing on gunpoint and took him at a lonely place behind Arya Mahila College. He alleged that when the miscreants compelled him he gave a call to Sudhir and called him at the same place.When Sudhir reached there the miscreants initially opened fire on him. But when he survived in this attack the miscreants attacked him with knife and fled from the scene. Sudhir was initially rushed to a private hospital where on noticing sharp deterioration in his health condition the doctors referred him to SPG hospital where the doctors declared him dead. In the meantime large number of Badi Piyari natives gathered at the hospital and tried to take the body to Sudhir's home. The police had to exercise hard to take the body in possession to send it for post-mortem. A named FIR against four persons was lodged in this connection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "15456158", "title": "Holiday rush, few buses on road compounded the tragedy", "text": "SHIMLA: It was the attraction of cheaper shopping on the last day of Minjar fair in Chamba town that drove people from different parts of the district to Chamba town. Rush of people in the buses was more, compared to other days, as Saturday was holiday and very few buses were plying on the road. But all the excitement vanished with the bus accident in which many families lost more than one members.One such family was of Naresh Kumar from Shailey village. Not knowing what destiny had in store, Naresh, wife Bimla and son Kewal, along with brother Tek Chand, his wife Beena and their son Surender, besides uncle Atma Ram and his son Vivek had boarded the bus to reach Chamba, but tragedy struck when five members of the family died on the spot in the accident, while seriously injured Bimla is struggling for life at Chamba hospital, sources said. The accident has left the entire Shailey village shell shocked. There was not a single village in the area which has not witnessed death in Saturday's accident, sources added.Chamba MLA B K Chauhan had to face public anger when he visited the accident spot during the day. People from the villages alleged that earlier, an HRTC bus used to ply on the route at 8 am, but a few days later, its operation was stopped. Villagers from the area had met the MLA and even deputy commissioner, requesting to resume HRTC service, considering the need of office goers and school children, but their demands were not met. \"Seeing the MLA, people lost their control and broke the glasses of MLA's vehicle. They even threw burning papers inside, but timely intervention by ITBP personnel saved the situation from worsening and the MLA was taken to safety,\" sources said.According to sources, people from nearby villages, who had sent their family members to Chamba in the ill-fated bus on hearing the news of accident, rushed to the spot and frantically started searching for their dear ones from the pile of bodies kept on the road after rescue workers brought them out of the 1,000-feet gorge.\"It was tragic to see bodies lined up on the road. The dead included eight children and around 15 women. Such a big accident was never witnessed in the history of Chamba,\" said Ajay Manu, a Chamba resident. Only those hanging in the back or had jumped from the roof before the bus fell into the gorge survived, he said.The scene at the spot was horrifying, Manu said. The impact of the accident was so great that the entire bus was broken into many pieces and bodies were strewn in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "midnapore", "code": "15454336", "title": "Constable shoots self at superintendent of police's bungalow", "text": "MIDNAPORE: A 36-year-old constable, on duty at the bungalow of the superintendent of West Midnapore, committed suicide by shooting himself on Friday night. Police are yet to ascertain the cause behind the suicide. The body was sent for autopsy.Kajal Mondal, a resident of Bankura's Barojora, was posted as a constable at Midnapore town for about 10 years. He used to serve as a security guard in the SP's office and bungalow.On Friday night, Mondal was on duty at the watch tower in SP's bungalow. Around 2.30am, he shot himself on the forehead with his service rifle. On hearing a gun shot, other guards rushed to the spot and found him lying in a pool of blood. He was rushed to the local hospital where he was declared brought dead.On getting the news, Mondal's wife Minu and brother Sajal rushed to Midnapore on Saturday morning.\"The motive behind his suicide could not be ascertained. We are waiting for the postmortem report. An investigation has been started in this connection,\" said West Midnapore SP Sunil Chowdhury.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15454897", "title": "Rahul always welcome to join govt: PM", "text": "NEW DELHI: With no clarity yet on whether Congress leader Rahul Gandhi will join the government as part of his greater involvement in the party and UPA matters, PM Manmohan Singh said he would welcome such a development.\"I have always said I would welcome Rahul's entry into government,\" Singh told the media after the swearing in of vice-president Hamid Ansari for a second term.There has been a fresh spurt in speculation after the Congress general secretary last month confirmed that he will play a more \"proactive\" role in the party. On whether this will mean being in government, he said the precise role will be defined by his \"two bosses\" \u2014 Singh and Congress chief Sonia Gandhi .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15453408", "title": "Jharkhand Times Impact Award 2012: Levelling all barriers of class", "text": "RANCHI: It was a unique experience for the unsung heroes of Jharkhand when they shared dais with representatives of leading corporate and business houses to be felicitated with the emerging Jharkhand Times Impact Award 2012 here on Saturday. It was a function in which deputy chairman of the Planning Commission Montek Singh Ahluwalia and Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh along with Jharkhand chief minister Arjun Munda felicitated all those who contributed towards the development of Jharkhand in their own spheres.As many as 22 awards were given in various categories from over 100 nominations received in different sections. The awards given to most admired unsung heroes received huge applause from the audience which included activist and filmmaker Meghanath, environmentalist and champion of dam and canal network at Bero village Simon Raja and Angara farmer Govardhan Munda who used the drip irrigation technique in his village to encourage judicious use of water.CM Arjun Munda bagged the \"Peoples Choice\" award for his contributions towards the development of Jharkhand on the basis of online voting invited from the common people. Accepting the award from Ahluwalia, the chief minister said it was, indeed, surprising to be honoured in the home state. He, however, expressed happiness that the common people of the state have selected him for the award.Bokaro Steel Plant (BSP) and Hindustan Copper Limited ( HCL) jointly won the award in the most admired central public sector undertaking in mining and manufacturing category while the Ranchi-based Mecon received the award in service category of CPSUs.In the category of most admired private sector undertaking in mining and manufacturing, Tata Steel and Jindal Steel bagged the Impact Award whereas Radisson Blu, Ranchiwas adjusted the best in private sector service category. While Tata Steel needs no mention for its contribution in the growth of the nation, Jindal Steel is also an emerging steel unit in Jharkhand with promising prospects having started its operations in the state with bar and wire mills.World no. 1 archer Deepika Kumari was felicitated for her achievements as the most admired icon along with Team India cricket captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni . While Dhoni was not present to receive the award, Deepika received it from Ahluwalia and promised to continue improving her performance in future events.Out of the ten nominees in the education sector, Xavier Labour Research Institute, Jamshedpur, BIT Mesra and Ranchi Tool Room were selected by the jury for their commendable contributions.Sarita Devi of Silam village in Gumla district who founded the Gumla Gramin Poultry Cooperative Society was felicitated in the category of most admired work in women empowerment, while Jharcraft, was selected for most admired state PSU. Among non-governmental organizations, Krishi Gram Vikas Kendra run by the Usha Martin Group of Industries and Association Against Trafficking and Sexual Exploitation of Children were felicitated for their role.Ashok Foundry and Equipment, Bokaro, Balaji Bricks Udyog, Jamshedpur and Precision Engineering, Ranchi were awarded for their contributions in the category of small and medium sector enterprises (SME).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15454414", "title": "PM brushes off Moody\u2019s India outlook", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Saturday said the downgrade of India's growth estimate by an arm of Moody's Corporation was a cause for concern but asserted that the fundamentals of the economy remained strong and it would post a robust performance in the current financial year.Moody's Analytics had on Thursday downgraded India's growth estimate for 2012-13 to 5.5%, citing a deficient monsoon and lack of progress on economic reforms. \"It is a cause for concern but one should not draw unwarranted conclusions,\" Singh said.Economy will do better than last year, feels PMThe PM said the economy would do better than last year's 6.5% growth.But several economists and research agencies have downgraded India's growth estimate due to erratic rains, high interest rates, stubborn inflation, sliding industrial growth and delay in implementing policies. Most experts expect the economy to post sub 6% growth in the current fiscal which will end in March.Growth slowed to a nine-year-low of 5.3% in the January-March quarter while overall economic expansion slowed to 6.5% in 2011-12, lower than the government's estimate of 6.9%. Finance Minister P Chidambaram has vowed to reverse the trend and has unveiled a roadmap to tackle the slowdown but is yet to announce any specific measures.\"The fundamentals of Indian economy are strong. Investments and savings are among the highest in the world. I am hopeful, we will do still better than 6.5% growth performance of last year,\" Singh said.Moody's Analytics said in its report on Thursday that the Indian government was the \"single biggest factor weighing on business confidence and the economic outlook\".It had said the economic slowdown in India was sharper and more broad-based than anticipated and was now deeply entrenched across all sectors of the economy.\"There has been little policy response from either the Reserve Bank of India or the government and with the global uncertainty dragging on, we see nothing on the horizon to lift the economy from its funk,\" said Glenn Levine, senior economist at Moody's Analytics.Leader of the Opposition in Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley slammed the government over policy inaction and said the PM was living in denial.\"The patient does not want to be treated. He is convinced that he is not unwell.... The Prime Minister's statement that fundamentals of the Indian economy are strong comes as a surprise. It clearly shows that the Prime Minister is living in denial about the real state of the India economy,\" Jaitley told reporters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15455171", "title": "Bringing the 'rasa' back with Sanskrit poetry", "text": "Rasla in Sanskrit means 'full of rasa' or nectar; one of the names for India's favourite fruit, the mango, the word is also used to refer to anything that is brimming over with beauty and goodness. This was the name chosen by Venetia Kotamraju for her fledgling publishing house launched earlier this month, which will focus on bringing obscure but enchanting Sanskrit poems back to life.Rasla just released its first title, a 15th century poem called 'Kokila Sandesa' by Uddanda Sastri, translated into English for the first time in its six-century existence by Kotamraju, a British expat, and Sanskrit poet and scholar Dr Shankar Rajaraman, Ras?la's general editor.Kotamraju's interest in Sanskrit messenger poems dates back to when she was a student of Latin, Greek and Sanskrit at Oxford University . Driven by her love for the classical Indian language, she started making trips to India about 10 years ago, meeting Sanskrit scholars and attending conferences and seminars. She settled in Bangalore five years ago with husband Gautam, and alongside working for a major publishing house, kept her interest in translating old and forgotten Sanskrit texts alive. Meeting Dr Rajaraman was the turning point in the creation of Rasla.Rasla's first title, Kokila Sandesa, is a short Sanskrit love poem that takes the reader on a tour of medieval southern India, explains Kotamraju. A lovesick husband stranded in Kancheepuram dispatches a koel to his wife in central Kerala with a message to sustain her until he can return. The journey takes the koel across a lush landscape and criss-crossed by rivers; to temples alive with myth; and into fabulous cities. \"In one sense, it is as much a literary travelogue as a love poem,\" says Kotamraju.The slim, elegant volume of poetry has a unique feature: it contains both the Sanskrit text (written in Devanagari script) and its English translation on facing pages, making the book immediately accessible to anyone with even a passing acquaintance with Sanskrit. \"This is a format we intend to follow with all our books,\" says Kotamraju. \"We found that while many Sanskrit texts have been translated into English, most translations are too literal; they are somewhat dry and academic. Also, most translations are meant only for students and are cheaply produced, using low-quality paper and printing. On the other hand, some very good translations made by an American publishing house (Clay Sanskrit Library) are too expensive, and are in the Roman script. This was the gap we are trying to address through Rasala,\" says Kotamraju.The Rasla team also realized that while famous texts such as Kalidasa's Avigyan Shakuntalam and Meghadootam are more widely available in translation, many beautiful but less well-known texts are languishing in obscurity. Ras?la aims to publish at least two to three titles each year as printed books as well as e-books, which will be richly imbued with images and sound. Their next title is slated to be 'Madhuravijayam', a 13{+t}{+h}-century poem written by Ganga Devi, a queen from the Vijayanagar kingdom. Ras?la has also invited entries for an anthology woven around the broad theme of the night, tentatively titled 'Sharvari', which refers to the period between sunset and sunrise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15460410", "title": "Is October 16 best date for Saif-Kareena marriage?", "text": "The suave and sophisticated Saif Ali Khan celebrates his birthday on August 16. Astro-numerologist Bhavikk Sangghvi predicts what's in store for the chhote nawab on the eve of his 42nd birthday.\"Saif was born on 16th August 1970 which makes him a Number 7 (Ketu) person in numerology. He is a Leo (ruler Sun - Number 1) and his destiny number adds up to Number 5 (Mercury). Being ruled by Number 7, he is also ruled by Number 2 (Moon) since Numbers 2 and 7 always go hand in hand\", explains Bhavikk.\"Being a Number 7, Saif is very loving, caring, emotional and moody as a person. He is very firm with his plans and often takes decisions from the heart rather than his mind. Also he is very impulsive and speaks his mind inviting trouble or rather misunderstanding in the minds of others\", describes Bhavikk about his personality.\"On the personal front, his future wife Kareena Kapoor (21st September 1980) is a Number 3 (Jupiter) person ruled by Mercury (Number 5) and her destiny number is also Number 3\".\"As per rumors doing the rounds, if they marry on October 16, it will be the best time. The main silver lining in this relationship is that they commonly share the Number 5 (Mercury) between them making them both communicative and frank about their feelings for each other\", predicts Bhavikk.\"Talking of movies, Saif will now enter his 43rd year which indicates a superb time for him in his career ahead. After tasting success with his last production 'Cocktail', his next release 'Go Goa Gone' - a zombie film adds up to Number 41 which is one of his best numbers. Hence the film will garner great revenue for him as far as box office collections are concerned\", signs off Bhavikk on a positive note.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15457686", "title": "Anna Hazare clearly directed us to start forming political party, Arvind Kejriwal tweets", "text": "NEW DELHI: Erstwhile Team Anna on Sunday claimed that the decision to turn the anti-corruption movement political was Anna Hazare's and a \"malicious\" campaign has been working overtime to drive a wedge between them and the 74-year-old social activist.Breaking his silence over claims by a section of Team Anna members that Hazare was against forming a political party, activist Arvind Kejriwal alleged a \"propaganda machinery\" was working overtime to \"drive wedge\" between Hazare and other activists.\"A malicious campaign is being run that Anna is against political party and that Team thrust it on Anna. Truth is it was Anna's decision,\" Kejriwal tweeted on Sunday morning.His remarks came a day after reports quoting Team Anna members mentioned that Hazare was against the formation of a party saying they were not prepared to take a plunge in politics.On August 3, while calling off his fast, Hazare had announced the formation of a political alternative though he had said he would not be a member of the party.\"Anna clearly directed us to start forming political party. If he says even once that he doesn't want us to do that, we will immediately withdraw. Let Anna say once that he is against pol(itical) party formation, we will immediately withdraw,\" Kejriwal wrote on micro-blogging site Twitter.He claimed that Hazare heeded to public demand and is convinced that there was no road left other than providing political alternative.\"Anna has been fighting corrupt for last 30 years. He is extremely sharp politically n (sic) fiercely independent. Those projecting Anna as a gullible man may try getting Anna to say a single line against his wishes.\"For last one year, Anna (was) being projected as a simpleton, an infant who could be influenced by anyone,\" he said.On Saturday, erstwhile Team Anna member Sunita Godara claimed Hazare did not pressurise anyone but said that they were free to choose their own path.\"He told us that if you feel that this new alternative is a better way to fight against corruption and you believe that through this new alternative, you will win this fight then you have the freedom to choose that,\" she said.Justice Santosh Hegde, who was also associated with the movement, said he is convinced that Hazare was right in not taking political plunge. \"I don't think Team Anna would be able to successfully float a party and find candidates for all constituencies,\" he said.In a statement uploaded on India Against Corruption website on Saturday, erstwhile Team Anna member Kumar Vishwas sought to rebut the remarks on the feasibility of floating a political party.Quoting Chanakya, he said one has to enter politics to clean it up. \"Like anti-venom medicines are made from snake venom, one has to use creative, moral and responsible politics to tackle wrong, direction-less and immoral politics,\" Vishwas said.On criticism of Team Anna's move, he alleged that no intellectual finds it necessary to comment when a criminal or a film star launches party.Team Anna likely to make electoral debut in Delhi pollsBefore taking the plunge in 2014 general elections, Team Anna is likely to test political waters first in next year's Delhi assembly polls while giving a miss to elections in Himachal Pradesh and Gujarat.Sources in India Against Corruption (IAC) said a large number of volunteers in a meeting on Saturday pitched in for fighting the Delhi assembly elections first.This could mean the activists, who decided to turn their anti-graft movement into a political one, will give a miss to assembly elections in Himachal Pradesh and Gujarat.The sources said the volunteers raised the demand at a meeting attended by Arvind Kejriwal, Manish Sisodia and Gopal Rai among others.Kejriwal told volunteers that their first focus will be on Congress-ruled Delhi. He also asked volunteers to start working in all the 70 constituencies in Delhi, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "kohima", "code": "15455880", "title": "Kohima Police bans tinted films on vehicles", "text": "KOHIMA: The Kohima Police directed all vehicle owners, including VIPs and government officials using government vehicles, in Kohima district to voluntarily remove any material, including sun films from the windowpanes of vehicles within two weeks or face action.Superintendent of police, Kohima, also directed all motor accessory shops dealing with sun films to stop pasting films on safety glasses of vehicles with immediate effect. The directive was passed after the Supreme Court order, prohibiting the use of black film or any other material on the windscreen and side windows of vehicles, was passed.As per the provisions of sub-rule (2) of Rule 100 of the Central Motor Vehicles Rules, 1989, the glass of the windscreen and rear window of every motor vehicle should have a visual light transmission (VLT) of not less than 70 per cent and the side window glasses should have a VLT of not less than 50 per cent.The SP (Kohima) informed that violation of the rule is punishable with challan and removal of the film on the spot. However, exemption is made for the authorized vehicles used by those given 'Z Plus' and 'Z' category security.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15460984", "title": "UK's most expensive council flat up for sale for 1 million pounds", "text": "LONDON: A former council flat, a stone's throw away from Kensington Palace and the residence of UK's richest man, Lakshmi Mittal is up for sale for a record price of around 1 million pounds.The former council flat believed to be the most expensive flat ever to go on sale is located in a swanky neighbourhood in Kensington, West London where the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge reside, the Daily Mail reported.It is minutes away from London's most expensive street - Kensington Palace Gardens which is home to the Royal family of Saudi Arabia , the Sultan of Brunei and ambassadors from Norway, Japan, Russia and France and the Indian-origin business tycoon Mittal.Other famous faces within walking distance are Madonna , Nigella Lawson and supermodel Elle 'The Body' Macpherson.A council flat is British government's housing built for the poor, according to the Urban dictionary.The former council flat has five double bedrooms and boasts such benefits as access to a communal garden and three bathrooms.The flat is described by the real estate agent as having a 'superb' location, which would explain the sky-high asking price of 9,49,950 pounds.The flat was bought by the previous owner for nearly half the price- 4,89,000 pounds in 2006.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "midnapore", "code": "15455260", "title": "Farmer in jail for questioning Didi", "text": "MIDNAPORE: A farmer from the former Maoist stronghold of West Midnapore village landed in jail on Saturday for putting uncomfortable questions to chief minister Mamata Banerjee at a public meeting at Belpahari. Hours after the meeting, police charged him with non-bailable offences such as criminal intimidation, the maximum punishment for which is death.Police started sniffing at his \"criminal intent\" when the bus conductor-turned-farmer, Shiladitya Chowdhury, broke through a security barrier at the meeting grounds on August 8 to give vent to his anger over rising fertilizer prices. Cheered by hundreds, Chowdhury, a villager from Nayagram, asked the CM why heavy input costs were not being curbed. To which Mamata's reply was, \"He is a crooked man, a Maoist who has come all the way from Jharkhand.\"Farmer arrested while tilling his landChowdhury's question assumed criminal proportions soon after Mamata Banerjee pointed at the man and gave him a Maoist tag. \"Marxists and Maoists are out to disrupt this gathering,\" she announced. Cops immediately herded the suspect to the back of the stage. When lensmen rushed to take his photograph, the CM shouted over the microphone. \"Don't take his photograph. He is a wicked fellow.\"Chowdhury was let off with a warning after cops questioned him on that day but policemen reached Nayagram at dusk on Friday and arrested him while he was tilling his one and a half bigha land. The Belpahari police inspector said he had fled from the meeting spot on August 8, following a scuffle with the police.Cops have initiated a case against Chowdhury under non-bailable IPC sections \u2014 447, 353, 332 and 506. \"The accused had entered into the high security zone with mala fide intention and tried to create a ruckus. When the police went to arrest him on that day, he fled after a scuffle,\" the Belpahari police said. Additional chief judicial magistrate Suparna Das on Saturday remanded the accused in judicial custody for a fortnight.Chowdhury's lawyer Aswini Das was taken aback with the police version in Jhargram court. \"How could a person escape from the high security zone breaking the security ring?\" Das said. The lawyer submitted that policemen slapped the accused while they questioned him at the back of the dais on that day. Even DIG (Midnapore range) L N Meena parried questions from the media about the status of the accused rounded up from the meeting spot.The arrest has put the family in deep trouble. \"My son is not into politics. He was a bus conductor and quit the job after he fell ill. He took to farming, the only source of livelihood for our family. We don't know what is his offence,\" said Chowdhury's mother Khukumani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15455854", "title": "Half marathon to commence on Aug 26", "text": "GUWAHATI: The fourth edition of Guwahati Half Marathon is all set to commence from August 26 as part of its annual technical and management festival Techniche. This time, the message of the event is \"run to show your unity\".The Guwahati Half Marathon 2012 will comprise of four events. There will be the 21-km run, the 6-km run, along with general championship for schools and colleges, and other creativity events. The general championship for schools and colleges are the new events added this year. The 21-km run will be organized specifically for professional runners.The 6-km run is for the general public and amateurs and generates much fanfare and enthusiasm among denizens of Guwahati. The marathon will flag off from Sonaram High School ground and will end at Nehru Stadium.\"This is the fourth edition of the event and the main idea behind the marathon is to protect humanity's biggest trait - its unity - which slowly seems to fade away in today's world. This is the only event of its cadre being organized by the students of IIT Guwahati ,\" said Siddharth Mantritragada, the chief organizer of Guwahati Half Marathon.Other than this, a painting competition will be held for those who do not wish to participate in the marathon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15454149", "title": "CBSE\u2019s anti-doping plan doesn\u2019t worry city schools and students", "text": "CHENNAI: The Central Board Of Secondary Education's decision to include anti-doping measures in inter-school sports competitions is more a way of curbing the menace in north India, feel students and teachers in city schools. \"I don't think the CBSE would come up with a rule without adequate reason. These sort of practices (use of performance enhancers) are highly unlikely in schools in south India. But this may not be the case in north India where there are more CBSE schools,\" said the principal of a popular school in the city.Evidence backs her claim. In the National School Games held in January this year, out of 80 samples tested, 11 were found to be positive. Among the offenders, the wrestlers who failed the test came from Punjab, UP and Maharashtra, the weightlifters belonged to Punjab and Delhi and the boxers were from schools in Punjab, Manipur and Maharashtra.Following this, the National Anti-Doping Agency (NADA) sent letters to all school boards telling them to include dope testing in sports meets. The CBSE has now decided to make dope testing mandatory during inter-school sports competitions across the country with effect from the current academic year.Sachin, a Class XII student, said it happened more in the north because they tend to take sports more seriously. \"I heard that the CBSE was planning dope tests. I have participated in inter-school tournaments and have never seen or heard of doping cases in Chennai and south India.\"Harini, a basketball player, felt that the authorities should focus more on age-fraud rather than doping. \"I have participated in CBSE tournaments at state and national levels and I don't think these things happen. But there is always the suspicion of over-age athletes taking part in events, not use of performance enhancers,\" she said.However, Athletics Federation of India secretary CK Valson said both practices were dangerous. \"Both pose a grave danger to the development of sport. As it is quite difficult to tackle the menace of age-fraud, we have decided to get the details of every participant of the next national junior meet, including their date of birth and thumb impressions, and will provide each of them with a bar-coded identity card. A serious athlete enters the competition stream at the age of 14 and once we have the details of the athlete, there can be no manipulation thereafter.\"Then there is also the shame when a child is made an example in front of his peers. But NADA is not willing to take any chances and its director-general Rahul Bhatnagar felt that schools should have been brought under the doping scanner earlier. \"We have been carrying out anti-doping education programmes in schools for a long time. It was a difficult decision to take considering their age. It can be a traumatic experience being tested in front of their peers, coaches and family members. But now that we have seen the reality, we won't back off,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15455342", "title": "Two held for poaching of monitor lizards", "text": "PANAJI: The forest department raided a flat in Curti, Ponda, and recovered 18 ghumats (percussion instruments) made out of monitor lizard skin and two more from a shop selling them in Ponda on Friday, sources said. Two persons have been arrested under the Wildlife Protection Act and remanded to three days of custody by forest department officials.Acting on a tip-off from some officials from the Union ministry of environment and forests (MoEF), who were in Goa a few days ago, the department nabbed the person making the instruments in the Curti flat.The lizards are being poached in the wild for their blood and skin. It is believed that the reptile's blood can cure asthma and respiratory problems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15455189", "title": "Official inspects roads in 3 sectors, issues show cause notices to encroachers", "text": "NOIDA: A day after Noida Authority warned of strict action against encroachers, Noida's Administrative Officer conducted an inspection roads and sidewalks in three sectors. He has instructed officers to conduct an inquiry, issue show cause notices and punish allottees encroaching upon areas beyond their jurisdiction. Meanwhile, the Noida CEO has directed officials to fine residents who haven't cleared area roads of construction material.On Saturday, Administrative Officer Rajesh Prakash, accompanied by work circle officers and officials from departments of water, sewage, electricity, maintenance, health and horticulture conducted a detailed survey of sectors 19, 27 and 15A. Prakash found that the road space was massively being encroached upon and many vacant plots had been occupied illegally. \"I have asked the respective work circle officers to immediately fence these vacant plots and free all space belonging to the government,\" Prakash said.On finding parked vehicles eating into the green belt in Sector 15A, the AO told the officer concerned to issue a show cause notice to the residents. \"If they do not clear the area, an FIR will be registered against them and the cost of the land will also be recovered from the allottees,\" warned Prakash. A former Noida Authority official was also found encroaching upon space in Sector 15 A.Authority officials also found construction material and debris strewn on roads. Debris dumped on roads is not only an obstruction to vehicular traffic but can also cause accidents, said Prakash. A few days ago, Noida CEO Sanjiv Saran had given residents three days to remove building material from roads. \"Project engineers of the Authority have been directed to remove the material and send the bill to the owner outside whose premises it is found,\" Prakash said.If anyone carries out illegal construction, his property lease deed will be cancelled after the premise is sealed, the AO said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15455191", "title": "Bangalore stinks even after BBMP strike called off", "text": "BANGALORE: BBMP employees may have called off their strike, but on Saturday, 24 hours after they got back to work, Bangalore still looked like a garbage city.Pourakarmikas cleared up some areas, but even those jobs were half-done, while several other areas were still full of waste heaps and plastic.Rajashekar Banasawadi, member, North East Federation Residents' Welfare Association, said there were heaps of garbage everywhere, surrounded by street dogs and dirty water. \"BBMP workers haven't come to clear the garbage despite the strike being called off, perhaps because it's a second Saturday. We're worried that this waste, which is attracting mosquitoes, will increase chances of dengue in the area,\" he said.B Ramakrishna Udupa, secretary, JP Nagar 1st Phase RWA, too confirmed that garbage hadn't been cleared on Saturday. \"Whatever people have thrown on the footpath remains. The situation is disgusting, especially with rain leaving pools of water which is leading to breeding of mosquitoes. This is dangerous for citizens. On my evening walk in Lakshman Rao Park, 8th Block Jayanagar, I saw swarms of mosquitoes, which have multiplied over the past few days as a result of the garbage pileup,\" he said.Dr Ajit Benedict of Cambridge Layout Association confirmed that garbage hadn't been cleared in their area either. \"I am standing outside, there's garbage all around and as a doctor, I fear an outbreak of dengue. There's a stink and plastic bags are strewn all around, for which the BBMP is to blame,\" he says.In areas where garbage was seemingly cleared, the work was inadequate. \"Garbage remains uncleared on our road, though I saw workers clearing the street parallel to ours,\" said KP Abraham, who belongs to Bangalore East RWA.Anupama Reddy of Ramamurthy Nagar RWA complained that garbage was not cleared completely. \"They've cleared it up, but what they've done is inadequate. Whatever residents had dumped on vacant sites remains,\" she said.Dr Meenakshi Bharat of Malleswaram Swabhimana initiative had a similar story. \"They came to clear the garbage, but how can they clear the mess of three days in one day? One needs to look at a sustainable solution and we citizens must learn to segregate our waste,\" she said.Stink bombGarbage generated daily in Bangalore: 5,000 tonneGarbage piled up in past 4 days: 20,000 tonneAmount spent on garbage clearance annually: Rs 250 crorePourakarmikas employed by BBMP: 4,000Pourakarmikas working under pvt contractors: 18,000", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "mangar (faridabad)", "code": "15455246", "title": "Mangarbani fate hangs in balance", "text": "MANGAR (FARIDABAD): The fate of Mangar sacred grove hangs in the balance. While Deepender Hooda, the chief minister's son and Rohtak MP, on Saturday said that the forest should be saved while state revenue minister Shiv Charan Sharma said nothing could be done at this point of time as the \"consolidation\" of land has been done.The two leaders and the local MLAs came to the village to celebrate Janmashtami. This is for the first time so many leaders came to participate in the religious event that the villagers have been marking for centuries. Observers feel that the leaders showed greater interest since the government would soon announce the grand development plan for this region.Sharma's stand took many present by surprise because a few minutes before saying that nothing could be done to reverse the decision now, he had told locals, \"The government should not even touch the sacred grove. The property belongs to our saints. This should be excluded regardless of the planning. People should keep protecting the forest.\"But the minute he was told that consolidation has happened and that people have already sold their land, he said, \"People should have opposed the consolidation. Have people sold their property? Then what is left? Once the consolidation has happened what can be done now?\"Deepender, who reached the site late in the afternoon largely spoke about the widening of the link road to Mangar from Faridabad road. But he said, \"We come here because the Bani saint pulls us. The peace of this locality should be maintained. It should remain as beautiful as it is and the natural significance should be preserved.\"Then he said that he would ensure that the link road is widened. The widening of the road, which has been a part of the yet to be notified Master Plan is seen as the first step to push real estate development in this area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15461635", "title": "Checks needed on quality of milk supplied in cities: Environmental activist Vikas Patil", "text": "PUNE: Environmental activist Vikas Patil from Pimpri-Chincwhad has demanded that the government should have an effective check on the quality of milk that is sold in cities. Patil, in a statement said that while there are some checks by the municipal corporation on the quality of milk supplied by dairies, there are however no such checks on milk sold by milkmen. Patil said that he had held discussions with the veterinary officials of the Pimpri Chinchwhad municipal corporation regarding medical examination of cows and buffaloes. The corporation however has expressed its inability for conducting such medical examination. Civic officials said that no milkman will stop supplying milk even if the cows are buffaloes owned by him are affected by any disease.Patil said that hundreds of litres of milk is supplied through milkmen. The civic officials need to have a system to check the milk when it arrives early in the morning at railway stations, and other entry points in the city. According to Patil, around 18 lakh litres of milk arrives in the city everyday. However the municipal corporation does not have details about how much quantity of milk is supplied by dairies and by milkmen. Citizens, he said, should assert pressure on the municipal corporation for conducting checks on the quality of milk sold in the city. The civic administration should proactively take steps in this regard, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15455860", "title": "There are illegal migrants in Assam: Tarun Gogoi", "text": "GUWAHATI: Chief minister Tarun Gogoi on Saturday said there are illegal migrants from Bangladesh in the state and that influx from across the border is still on, though in lesser numbers. The chief minister, however, did not say how many illegal migrants are here in the state.For Gogoi, the biggest problem, however, is deporting persons declared as \"illegal migrants\" to Bangladesh as the neighboring country continues not to accept their citizens deported from India.Even as the debate over illegal migrants resumed over the recent ethnic clash in lower Assam where Bodos clashed with Bengali-speaking Muslims, Gogoi on Saturday gave records of illegal migrants declared by the courts. He said between 1996 and 2001, the then IM(DT) tribunals had declared 7,444 persons as \"illegal migrants\". Between 2002 and 2011, the courts declared 11,127 persons as \"illegal migrants.\"\"Illegal migrants are here. The influx is also on and that is why I have been trying my level best to plug the holes in the border with Bangladesh. I have been seeking more border outposts and floodlights. We have managed to bring down influx, but we need to be more foolproof,\" said the chief minister.Gogoi added, \"The bigger problem is that Bangladesh is not accepting the persons ordered to be deported by our tribunals. This is an issue under the government of India.\" Every time state police takes a declared illegal migrant to the border for deportation, the Border Guards Bangladesh refuses to accept them. In 2010, the state government set up three detention camps to keep all \"illegal migrants\" since Bangladesh was not accepting them.At present, there are more than 150 declared illegal migrants at detention camps in Goalpara, Kokrajhar and Silchar. Gogoi also pointed out the vanishing acts by some persons immediately after they are declared as illegal migrants by the tribunals. According to latest updated records with the state government, between 1985 and 2010, a total of 34,622 persons have vanished after tribunals declared them as illegal migrants. In addition, 1446 persons, who have been pushed back, are found to have returned to the state during the same period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15460323", "title": "Mischa Barton no longer counts calories", "text": "Mischa Barton has admitted that she feels healthier than ever now that she is following a vegan diet.The 26-year-old actress has seen her weight fluctuate in the past but she has now found her perfect size - a UK size 10 - and has told friends it's a relief not to be counting calories anymore.\"Mischa's grown tired of doing extreme fasts and cleanses to try and drop weight quickly and then putting it all back on. She's healthier than ever, following a vegan eating plan - but she's not calorie counting,\" Contactmusic quoted a source as telling Heat Magazine.\"Mischa's been through the wringer with her body. Her weight has massively fluctuated over the years, after falling off and on the diet wagon, but now she's giving herself a break,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15460085", "title": "Big B remembers mother on birth anniversary", "text": "Bollywood megastar Amitabh Bachchan has paid tribute to his mother, social activist Teji Bachchan, on her 98th birth anniversary today.\"Today is my mother's birthday. We shall all remember her in prayer and thought. A remarkable lady of exceptional will and quality - as all Mothers are - of great fortitude and inner strength, who brought us up despite her reserved means and taught us to fight and to fight alone when oppressed,\" the 69-year-old actor posted on his blog.Teji died at the age of 93 on December 21, 2007 after prolonged illness in Mumbai.Bachchan also recalled the childhood days he spent with his mother listening to stories of his grandfather and teachings of the Guru Granth Saheb.\"The early years of our lives filled with her continuous teachings from the Guru Granth Saheb, she being a Sikh from a most illustrious family, singing the verses at every given opportunity, talking of her days with her Father and my Grandfather Khazan Singh Suri a Bar-at-law in those years before the turn of the 1900's, a revenue minister in the erstwhile state of Patiala,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15455786", "title": "Hijack threat at Ahmedabad airport, police on high alert", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Police strengthened vigil in and around Ahmedabad airport from Friday night following a central Intelligence Bureau (IB) alert about a possible hijack plan by Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) and former Students Islamic Movement of India (SIMI) members at four probable spots including the city.IB also gave names of seven suspects to state police agencies, which included two pilots and two couples from Ahmedabad. The city crime branch and Special Operations Group (SOG) have started a search for the suspects.The state anti-terrorists squad (ATS), crime branch and other agencies were given the input on Friday evening stating Ahmedabad, Jaipur, Ludhiana and Srinagar could be targeted to execute a hijacking plan. The terrorists are believed to have surveyed the check-in, boarding and security systems.\"Of the names given to us, four are of two couples from Ahmedabad. The intelligence agency identified them as Murtaza Amin and his wife Ruksana and Hamid-ul Ansari and his wife Surya Begum. They were to board an airplane posing as passengers and help in the hijacking,\" said a senior state police official.Besides two pilots, the seventh person identified is Yamin Al Meer, a former SIMI member and considered the mastermind.Chittranjan Singh, state director general of police, told TOI, \"We are working in close collaboration with the Central Industrial Security Force (CISF), looking after the security at Ahmedabad airport. Other airports under state police will have a police inspector present at the airport at the time of flights for the time being,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15455711", "title": "Dead fish raise stink of pollution", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A large number of fish have died in the last few days in the pond of Matoda village near Bavla taluka. Villagers suspect that the pond has been poisoned. The air is thick with the stench of chemicals and the villagers suspect the pond water has been polluted.The Gujarat Pollution Control, Board (GPCB) officials visited the site on Friday and conducted a general survey. The officials are yet to determine whether the large scale fish deaths are because of absence of dissolved oxygen due to natural causes or due to illegal chemical discharges by nearby chemical units.\"We don't know whether GPCB officials have collected samples from the water here. We will approach them again to know the results. The GPCB officials have assured us that they will pay a visit to the village again,\" said Ramesh Makwana, a villager.\"This is the third time in the last few months that this kind of incident has taken place. We moved the Gujarat high court recently against increasing incidents of discharge of chemical affluent in our village,\" added Makwana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "15455032", "title": "52 die as bus falls into gorge in Himachal", "text": "SHIMLA: Tragedy struck the hills of Chamba early on Saturday, when 52 people, including 18 women and two children, were killed and 46 others injured as an overloaded private bus swerved off the road and fell into a 250-feet-deep gorge in this remote district of Himachal Pradesh. The accident took place near Rajera, 8km from Chamba town, when the driver lost control of the bus due to a tyre burst and the vehicle went down the gorge at around 9am, police said.The 42-seater bus was carrying over 100 passengers on a link road from Dulera to Chamba with many passengers sitting on the roof of the bus. As Himachal Road Transport Corporation was not plying on this route, the villagers had boarded the private bus to reach Chamba for their weekend shopping.\"Around 65 passengers were sitting inside while the rest were on the rooftop,\" Chamba SP Kuldeep Sharma said. \"It is not possible for a bus to carry around 100 passengers on this route, we are now investigating whether the injured include passersby also,\" said the SP.The accident spot was 3km from the police lines, where cops were holding rehearsals for the Independence Day parade. They reached the spot immediately and started rescue operations with the help of ITBP. Police said the injured were shifted to the government hospital in Chamba.Including the driver, 39 died on the spot, while 13 died in the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15455911", "title": "Vijay Kumar in race for Khel Ratna?", "text": "BANGALORE: Vijay Kumar , who won the 25m rapid fire pistol silver in London, may find himself in the race for this year's Rajiv Gandhi Khel Ratna award. In what would be an apt reward for his heroics at the 2012 Games, Vijay may be clubbed with around nine other nominees for the country's highest sporting honour, including cricketer Rahul Dravid shooter Ronjan Sodhi , discusthrower Krishna Poonia , tennis player Somdev Devvarman amongst others, highly placed sources told TOI.HP chief minister Prem Kumar Dhumal had recommended Vijay's name for the award a few days ago. While there is no provision in the government guidelines to allow a late entry, the government may choose to do it suo motu if the athlete and his achievements warrant it. Obviously, this is one of the reasons why the sports ministry hasn't yet announced the committees to choose the winners of the Arjuna, Khel Ratna and Dronacharya awards. In all probability, the committees would be named next week.Mary to carry tricolour at closing ceremonyOlympic bronze medalist MC Mary Kom will be India's flagbearer at the closing ceremony of the London Games. \"Of the four medalists, only Mary Kom is here and it is almost certain that she will carry India's flag at the closing,\" an IOA official said Silver medallist Vijay Kumar, and bronze winners Gagan Narang and Saina Nehwal have returned home. Meanwhile, Arunachal Pradesh chief minister Nabam Tuki on Saturday announced a cash award of Rs 10 lakh for Mary. The Union sports ministry is also planning to give away cash awards to all medallists.Rana creates National record, but ends 36th in 50km walkLONDON: India's Basanta Bahadur Rana created a national record but had to settle for a 36th-place finish in men's 50km race walk, at the London Games on Saturday. Rana clocked 3:56:48 hrs, bettering his own national record of 4:02:13 which he set in the IAAF Race Walking Cup at Saransk, Russia, last May. With Rana finishing 36th, India's athletics campaign is nearing its end without a medal. Thirteen out of 14 track &amp; field athletes have finished their competitions. Ram Singh Yadav will run the marathon race on Sunday.In the 20km race walk held on August 4, three Indians were in the fray but only KT Irfan came up with a creditable performance, finishing 10th in a national record time of 1:20:21. The other two, Gurmeet Singh and Baljinder Singh , were 33rd and 43rd in 1:20:21 and 1:25:39, respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15456042", "title": "Making waves in Hollywood", "text": "INDORE: Apart from strong will power and determination, this young man of Indore required only three years to make his presence felt in the Hollywood. The 23-year-old Krushan Patel, is on a mission to carve out a niche for himself in Hollywood. An alumnus of the St Paul's School, he has to his credit two feature films. One of his short films received the prestigious Mini Box Office International Award. To his credit, he also has some eight short films either produced or written-directed by him.Hailing from a humble background, Krushan decided to try his luck in the US in 2008, and left Indore with the support of his family.\"I was sent to New York Film Academy to pursue my dreams by my parents,\" said young Krushan, adding that his inspiration was the King Khan.\"I decided to do films right after watching Shah Rukh Khan starrer 'Badshah' while I was in VIII standard,\" Krushan said while interviewed online.On why he chose Hollywood over Bollywood , the young producer said, \"I opted for America because it is a talent hub. This was the place where I could have got the real exposure of film Industry.\"He has received international recognition and nominations for many of his films. One such short film is 'The Beginning to Get Bald' which was awarded best film blockbuster title at Mini Box Office International film festival 2011. Apart from that, his film 'Real Truth' was nominated for the International Black Film festival of Nashville 2011.Krushan has been sensitive to topics like racial discrimination, which he had manifested in one of recently concluded romantic comedies 'Walbobs.'\"Racism in America still exists and I wanted to show that how trivial it becomes in front of true love,\" he said, adding that he would like to explore the different culture in his movies. 'Walbobs' features humorous side of inter-racial differences between a White boy and Black girl who fall in love.About his venture into Indian and Pakistani films, Krushan claimed that 'The Absalom Son' is an Indian film which he is working upon. \"This film is based on 26/11 terror attack on Mumbai, while he has been producing 'The Return,' a Pakistani movie with a Pakistani film-maker Mahreen Jabbar.He said, \"Currently, I am doing an international political thriller and many of the international stars and even Indian stars will be acting in it.\"About love for Indore, the young film producer said, \"I really like Indore and want to involve talents from Indore for my upcoming TV serial which is based on the unique crime drama. I would love to work with young actors from Indore.\"\"I am even planning to make a film on Kashmir for which a lot of research is being done,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15454526", "title": "CAG: Bihar State Text Book Publishing Corporation Limited defaults, suffers Rs 4.76 crore loss", "text": "PATNA: The Bihar State Text Book Publishing Corporation Limited's (BSTBPC) failed to print and supply textbooks on time and incurred a loss of Rs 4.76 crore.The Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG), in the report presented to the state legislature this week, has revealed that the Bihar Education Project Council (BEPC) placed an order, in October 2008, to the BSTBPC for printing, packing and delivery of 9.66 crore textbooks till March 15, 2009. The books were meant for class I to VIII for academic year 2009-10 under the Sarva Siksha Abhiyan (SSA).Since the BSTBPC had only five months available for printing and delivery of the textbooks, which was not adequate considering the volume of the order, it placed orders in December 2008 to private publishers for printing the books.\"We observed in July 2010 that the corporation did not deliver the printed textbooks to the BEPC within the stipulated time. Instead, it made several requests to the BEPC for extending the time for delivery of books, and the latest extension allowed was up to November 11, 2009,\" the CAG report said.Meanwhile, the State Council for Education Research and Training (SCERT), Patna, intimated in August 2009 about the introduction of a new syllabus for class I, III and VI from the academic year 2010-11. \"The corporation, despite time extensions allowed as well as prior intimation of change in syllabus for class I, III and VI, did not ensure timely printing and delivery of the textbooks. That made irrelevant the 27.28 lakh books printed for class I, III and VI, which valued at Rs 4.76 crore,\" the report said.Since these books were not utilized, the corporation decided in July 2010 to distribute them among the poor children.Thus, the corporation's failure to ensure timely delivery of the textbooks resulted in an infructuous expenditure of Rs 4.76 crore, the report said. On being questioned by the auditors, the corporation management replied, in October 2010, that the time constraints and other reasons like lack of space, complex nature of packing, parliamentary elections in 2009 and floods in some districts led to the non-delivery of printed books.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15455877", "title": "Student drowns in college pond", "text": "GUWAHATI: Tension prevails in the campus of Assam Engineering College (AEC) as a student mysteriously drowned in a pond near the college playground on Friday evening. Madhurya Barukial, a computer science student, hailed from Nopmua area of Golaghat district.While the Jalukbari Police are investigating into the case, the family of Madhurya attributed the death to ragging. However, hostel borders and college authority denied the charges and said it was an accident.\"It is a sad incident, but I don't think that it is related to ragging. However, police are investigating into the case so the truth will be out soon,\" said Atul Bora, AEC principal.According to boarders of hostel 6, where Madhurya was staying, he went for a swim in the pond after football practice. \"We usually go for a swim in the pond after playing football. He was crossing the pond and suddenly he shouted for help and the next thing we knew is that he had drowned. Some of us tried to rescue him but when we could not find him, we informed the police,\" said a boarder.Later, a National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) team fished out his body from the pond on Friday night.However, Madhurya's family alleged that he could not swim and he must have been forced to jump into the pond by his seniors. \"We saw marks on his legs and ears. We believe it's clearly a case of ragging and we want justice,\" said Amatya Borukial, a relative of the student.Jalukbari Police are presently interrogating the hostel inmates and others. \"The investigation is on and we are looking at all angles,\" said a police officer of Jalukbari Police Station.Madhurya's family lodged an FIR at Kamargaon Police Station in Golaghat district. Several organizations have also submitted memorandums to the district administration of Golaghat demanding proper investigation of Madhurya's mysterious death.The Kamrup (Metro) district administration has ordered magisterial enquiry into the unnatural death of the student. An executive magistrate will probe the matter and will submit a report within seven days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15455708", "title": "Amid hammering, permission sought to deface Shah Jahan's iconic palace", "text": "AHMEDABAD: To legalize the heritage-erasing additions made to Moti Shahi palace, Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Memorial Society (SVPMS) - which controls the monument - submitted a three-line application and the plan outlining the illegal construction. But Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) rejected the application, observing that the proposal was not complete.Sources familiar with the case say that AMC was amazed that the society bothered to approach the town development department for permission only after a showcause notice was issued to it. Indeed, SVPMS has sought AMC clearance at a time when nearly 70 per cent of the illegal construction has been already accomplished.\"This sets a bad precedent and reflects the society's scant regard for law,\" said a senior AMC official. \"The society wanted to complete the illegal construction and then move files for AMC permission. The society knew that pulling down illegal construction at the Sardar Patel memorial will cause a lot of embarrassment.\"The society did not care that central government funds were involved in this project, the official said. \"We have instructed the society to pay all supervision fees before it applies for permission,\" he said. \"And we will see if their structural engineers can give a guarantee for the new construction works.\" SVPMS needs to submit 27 documents and sanction requests to AMC.However, experts say that the central issue was not permissions. They say the SVPMS example can be emulated by many in Gujarat if the provisions of the new heritage regulations are not enforced.The new Heritage Regulations' first clause under section 17(20)(1) makes it amply clear that \"any listed building or any building of architectural, historical, cultural, aesthetic significance has to adhere to special regulations\". The regulation is clear and does not legitimize the processes of ad hoc modifications or repairs under the pretext that a particular heritage building is not listed. This interpretation is very dangerous and can also initiate a worrisome trend of large-scale demolitions of heritage structures, the experts said.\"The heritage conservation committee can surely intervene and stop this construction at the palace,\" said Sanjeev Joshi, the co-convenor of the Indian National Trust for Art and Cultural Heritage in Gujarat. \"The case of Moti Shahi palace only demonstrates what may happen to centuries-old buildings when they are de-listed for a specific purpose.\" There are hundreds of structures in Gujarat which will vanish in no time if no one acts today, Joshi said.\"The heritage conservation committee in Ahmedabad was formed to save such structures which are architecturally, culturally and aesthetically important to the city,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "15460936", "title": "Powerful quake hits northwest China", "text": "BEIJING: A powerful earthquake measuring 5.2 on the Richter scale today jolted northwest China, second in as many days.The quake struck Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region, state run Xinhua news agency reported.There were no immediate reports of damage or casualties. Yesterday, a 5.2 magnitude earthquake hit the same province.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15453844", "title": "More rains likely in Pune, dam areas", "text": "PUNE: The India Meteorological Department (IMD) has forecast more rains in most parts of the state in the next 48 hours. The city, though, will receive intermittent spells of light rain during this period.\"The axis of monsoon trough currently lies in its normal position while an offshore trough in the Arabian sea, which runs across south Maharashtra coast to Kerala coast, remains active,\" an IMD official told TOI on Saturday. The monsoon trough has a couple of embedded upper air cyclonic circulations over northwest Madhya Pradesh and adjoining areas and over northwest Bay of Bengal and neighbouring coastal areas of north Odisha and West Bengal , he said.\"Under the influence of these conditions, there will be more rains in several parts of the state's four geographical regions viz. Vidarbha, Marathwada, Konkan and Goa and central Maharashtra, which stretches from Jalgaon/Nashik in the north and Kolhapur in the south with Pune at the centre,\" said the IMD official.The city recorded 1.9 mm rain in 24 hours ending 8.30 am on Saturday. Since June 1, the city has now received 248.3 mm rain, which is still 122.5 mm less than the normal for the season so far.The rainfall deficiency works out to 33% below normal, which is far better than the 75% below normal deficiency faced by the city towards the end of July.Much of the recovery of the city's rainfall deficiency has happened due to the rain received since July 30. The catchment areas of the four main dams, which provide water to the city, also started receiving fairly heavy to moderate rain during this period, resulting in the storage levels of dams going up substantially. In fact, Khadakwasla dam, which is now filled to its 100% storage capacity, has been discharging water for the last few days.In the 24 hours ending 6 am on Saturday, the catchment areas of Temghar, Varasgaon and Panshet dams received 42 mm, 52 mm and 51 mm rain respectively while Khadakwasla received 16 mm rain during this period. Temghar and Varasgaon dams are now filled to 55.97% and 63.86% of their live storage capacity respectively while Panshet's live storage has gone up to 70.50%.Last year, on this date, Temghar and Varasgaon had 73.58% and 86.31% live storage respectively while Panshet had 87.60% live storage. Khadakwasla, which is now 100% full, had only 50.63% live storage on this date last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15458948", "title": "Erotic vs vulgar", "text": "As the mayor of Mumbai asks for \"objectionable\" posters to be pulled off buses, Purvaja Sawant explores what differentiates sensual from obscene.There's an old joke that goes something like this: the difference between vulgarity and erotica is the lighting! Now if only the line that differentiates the two was as easy to describe. Time and again, people have tried to distinguish eroticism from vulgarity; but in a pluralistic, socially-driven society like ours, their definitions have been rendered vague. So who's to know what's brazen and what's aesthetically appealing? Social commentator Santosh Desai believes the difference between the two lies in the intention. \"Vulgarity leaves nothing to chance. It excludes every possibility, except hardcore sex. It just doesn't let you have any other point of view. Eroticism, on the other hand, is all about interpretations. It doesn't impose itself on you. It lets you be human, and not an obligatory consumer, like vulgarity.\" Vulgarity, in essence , destroys the human value of any sexual act. Artist Aditya Vikram Sengupta whose latest artwork collection 'Distorted Liberation' displays nude postures, believes anything sensual can become vulgar, if the context is changed. \"When I paint nude pregnant women , it's just an artistic release for my latent subconscious mind. But to a lot of others, it might seem vulgar.\" Filmmaker Mahesh Bhatt, who is often accused of dangerously bordering between the explicit and the sensual, says, \"Like beauty, vulgarity lies in the eyes of the beholder. It's an age-old perception. What I like is erotic, what you like is pornographic! I think it all depends on the economic tyranny of taste. The elite have a distinct and very different taste from those who hail from weaker economic backgrounds. It's your economic upbringing that defines your perception, as well as the way you project sexuality.\" Pelvic thrusts may offend some people's senses, while a wet, naked woman shrouding in white may offend others. The poster of Jism 2 \u2014 the current 'nude of contention' \u2014 was shot a year before the film's release, \"to whet people's appetite\" according to Pooja Bhatt , the director of the film. But in an age of in-your-face sexuality, titillation can be risky business. Even with bright lights on, as that old joke suggests, the line between the two blurs faster.(Inputs by Supriya Sharma)  purvaja.sawant@timesgroup.co m", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15455452", "title": "BJP's rally fails to impress", "text": "JAIPUR: The state BJP's programmmes seem to attract less number of supporters and workers, be it the party's mass courting of arrest in protest against the recent hike in power tariff or the core committee meeting held on Saturday.Though the party's all six legislators from Jaipur were present at the protest campaign against the power tariff hike on Saturday morning, the numbers in terms of workers and supporters failed to impress. Presence of the public representatives also did not seem to have made an impact. While the BJP members claimed that the rains had kept several people away, but it seemed the state BJP leader had failed to attract people.In the morning, the senior members were upbeat. State party president Arun Chaturvedi, deputy leader of opposition at Rajasthan Legislative Assembly Ghyanshyam Tiwari and other members, including office-bearers, gathered at the party headquarters here. Later, they led a rally of the workers to the chief ministers' residence in Civil Lines but were stopped at the crossing, where the protesters raised slogans against the state government and the hike in power tariff.As the senior leaders and supporters tried to jump the barricades put up by the police personnel, they were detained and released afterwards. The party workers were expected to court arrests at all district headquarters but held due to a short notice the protest could not be held on Saturday and would now be held on Monday.\"The state government, rather than finding measures to fight price-rise and inflation, has further added to the financial burden of the common man. The hike will effect 91% population of the state. The party would continue with the protests till the state rolls back the hike,'' Chaturvedi said.On the other hand, the party's core-committee meeting was held with only half the members present. Chaturvedi, Tiwari and senior legislator Gulab Chand Kataria along with state party in-charge Kaptan Singh Solanki discussed matters related to the forthcoming membership drive, which would be held from August 20 to 31. While senior leader Vasundhara Raje was not in Jaipur, former state president Om Prakash Mathur and legislator Rajendra Rathore too did not attend the meeting due to personal reasons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15455121", "title": "Govt\u2019s new Bill won\u2019t gag judiciary", "text": "NEW DELHI: The extrajudicial dicta which often generate headlines and whip reluctant authorities into action will not go away. In a significant rethink, the government has dropped a controversial gag clause in the Judicial Accountability Bill restraining the judiciary from making remarks on constitutional bodies and authorities in open court.The government has decided not to come up with a code for the judges in the bill but is instead thinking of giving statutory recognition to the code of conduct evolved by the judiciary to escape any future confrontation with them.Obiter dicta, or making observations not pertaining to the case at hand, has been a subject of debate. While critics say that judges make comments to play to the gallery as many such observations don't find mention in the verdict they pronounce later, judges themselves are split on the issue. Some say the questions they raise on constitutional authorities may put a misleading picture on the issue that is under consideration.Sources said the amendments have been made in the Bill, which is currently pending in Rajya Sabha, and will be brought before the Union Cabinet shortly for its approval before it is tabled in the upper House.Once it is passed by RS, the Bill will again be taken up for passage with amendments in Lok Sabha.Former Chief Justice of India, Justice J S Verma, who had drafted the code of conduct for judges and which was adopted by the Supreme Court in 1997, said since the judiciary had already adopted it, giving it statutory shape would be welcome. \"I see no other opinion on the contrary,\" said Justice Verma who was consulted by the government after the gag clause invited widespread criticism.The Judicial Accountability Bill was passed by the Lok Sabha in the monsoon session. It invited a lot of criticism, particularly from the judiciary, for its clause that restricted judges from making comments against any constitutional authority in open court.The Bill provided for action against any judge liable for judicial misconduct if he made oral comments against constitutional authorities and individuals during hearing of matters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15455279", "title": "Boy thrashed by mob in Malakpet", "text": "HYDERABAD: An irate mob thrashed a 23-year old boy when he was spotted travelling on a two-wheeler with a girl from another community in Malakpet.According to Dabeerpura police the duo, both students of a distance education institute on the outskirts of the city, had gone on Friday to collect hall tickets from their college for approaching exams. On their way back home, they were waylaid by unknown persons near Malakpet fire station.\"The boy was beaten up while the girl was scolded. A mobile police unit came to know about the incident and rushed to the location. By then the mob had dispersed. We learnt that both of them were classmates. The girl only hitched a ride as her classmate was also heading for college to collect his hall ticket. We have booked cases and formed a special team to indentify the miscreants,\" said inspector Y Rajasekhar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15461994", "title": "Former Army chief Gen VK Singh joins Ramdev's protest, calls government 'property dealer'", "text": "NEW DELHI: After sharing dais with Anna Hazare , former Army chief VK Singh today joined yoga guru Ramdev's protest here, dubbing the government as a \"property dealer\" which takes over farmers' land in the name of development.Singh participation in the protests came two months after he retired from service during which he had taken on the government on his age issue.Earlier this month, Singh had appeared at Jantar Mantar here on the last day of Hazare's fast. He was also one of the signatories to an appeal to Hazare asking him call off his fast and work towards a political alternative.Addressing the gathering at Ramdev's protest here this afternoon on black money and Lokpal issue, he claimed that over two lakh farmers had committed suicide since 1995 and accused the government of taking over their land in the name of development.\"Problems of farmers will have to be taken to the forefront of this movement ... The government is taking land from farmers in the name of development. The government is working as a property dealer,\" he said addressing the crowd which was predominantly from the rural areas.The former Army chief alleged that a scam was being reported everyday and value of each scam was higher than the previous one. \"What we want is complete all round development. Money shouldn't be distributed among just 4-5 per cent of the people only,\" he said.Noting that there was a need to stand firm in the agitation, he said if corruption is not stopped, one has nowhere to go and emphasized the need for \"some tough action\".Criticizing the policies adopted by the government, he said it is government's duty to work for welfare of people.\"But after liberalization, you can get a pizza within half-an-hour but you won't get an ambulance in more than two hours. You can get a bottle of water in Rs 15 but you won't get clean drinking water from the tap,\" he said.\"Only 5-7 per cent of the population is benefited. Rest are left behind. Whatever money comes, it is held by 4-5 per cent,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15455060", "title": "Delhi University plans mega meet to redefine education", "text": "NEW DELHI: In its attempt to prepare a roadmap for its overall development, Delhi University is planning to reach out not only to teachers, students and parents but also people from other professions through a first-of-its-kind academic congress in September. The university, which will host the congress on September 6 and 7, is looking for \"constructive suggestions and criticism\" and direction to improve its academic programmes as well as overall functioning.Focusing on 'redefining education', the conference plans to engage the participants at micro-level discussions on various topics. While invitations will be sent to people from various professions like medicine, legal, policing and media, the university also expects people to volunteer to join the congress. Schools will also be invited.But major participants will be teachers. \"Primarily, the idea is to hold discussions with teachers and other stakeholders on focused themes. Though the larger theme is redefining education, there will be parallel sessions such as 'taking education beyond classrooms', 'meeting the needs of the society', and 'open learning',\" said DU vice-chancellor Dinesh Singh.Engaging with school students and administrators is also important as it means engaging with the university's future students, Singh said. \"We want to understand the present structure of school education. The aim is to do away with disconnect with schools and deliberate on how schools' good practices can be awarded during the admission process. We would also invite school boards to the congress,\" he added.DU is also expecting its teachers to come up with presentations for various sessions. All the participants will be divided into smaller groups for parallel sessions and each session is expected to come up with definite recommendations at the end .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15454976", "title": "Policemen were mute spectators to violence, alleges victims' friend", "text": "MANGALORE: Were police silent witnesses to the attack on birthday party revellers at Morning Mist Home Stay on July 28? Yes, says Avron Lawrence Rosario, a friend of Vijay Kumar and Gurudath Kamath who were among the 13 revellers attacked by a of mob of 30-40 people led by local Hindu Jagaran Vedike leader Subash Padil two weeks ago. Avron was on his way to the homestay with a cake for Vijay Kumar on his birthday when all the hell broke loose.Avron told reporters on Saturday that as he arrived at the venue around 7pm, he saw a person wearing a jacket and riding a black YBX motorcycle showing the way to the policemen -- five of them waiting in a jeep. Avron had parked his scooter a little away from the main gate of the homestay as there were two cares parked on the roadside.After parking his vehicle outside, the motorcycle rider entered the compound. The policemen, excluding the driver, followed the bikerider in a leisurely pace even as revellers were being attacked inside the homestay, he said. Asked why he did not inform these policemen that something was amiss and that his friends could be in danger as the mob had already entered the compound by then, Avron confessed that \"he was scared by the sudden turn of events\" and just left the scene along with the cake and soft drinks.\"I threw away the cake later,\" Avron said, adding after he mustered enough courage to come back to the venue, he saw a crowd had gathered outside the compound and were protesting there. \"The police back up arrived on the scene almost 20-25 minutes after these four policemen had initially gone there,\" he said. Asked if he could recognise these four policemen, Avron admitted that they all look alike except for the fact that they were constables.Asserting that he has not given any statement to this effect to the police, Avron said he would stand by the sequence of events as seen by him. City police chief Seemant Kumar Singh told STOI that the city police was aware of this theory of policemen being on the spot but not acting and \"it is being investigated\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15455271", "title": "1,156 patients to get free treatment under Arogya Dasoha scheme", "text": "MYSORE: The Arogya Dasoha scheme, under which free health check-up and treatment will be provided to rural people living below the poverty line, was inaugurated by medical education minister S A Ramdas at Nanjangud government hospital on Saturday.Apart from 351 diabetics, 467 BP, 3 cancer, 64 heart problems and 271 people suffering from non curable diseases have been identified in the taluk to provide treatment every month. \"Arogya Dasoha programme was introduced with an aim to provide health facilities at people's door steps. The programme will be held every year. District-level doctors will check patients at taluk hospitals and provide treatment,\" Ramdas said.Drugs will be provided to patients with 50 per cent to 75 per cent concession at Krishna Rajendra Hospital from August 14, he added.Leader of opposition in the Legislative Assembly Siddaramaiah said specialized doctors should visit taluk hospitals and render their service to the needy. Many poor people are denied of medical service due to lack of doctors. The government has to look into the matter, he added.Under the scheme, doctors and nurses will identify patients visiting primary health centres in towns and villages, conduct an overall health checkup on them to ascertain their health condition. This scheme will cover all the people visiting PHCs for their treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15453983", "title": "Women take to shooting after India's great show at London", "text": "Every Saturday and Sunday afternoon, 15-year-old Vidula Debar catches Bus no 124 from Bombay Central to Worli, gets off and walks to the northern corner of the sea face. She enters a rickety gate, above which a hoarding congratulates pistol shooter Vijay Kumar Sharma and rifle shooter Gagan Narang for their recent silver and gold Olympic medals. Inside, she greets her coach and then spends a couple of hours in \"sheer bliss\".Vidula is at Mumbai's Maharashtra Rifle Association (MRA) Shooting Range, where she is one of the growing number of young girls taking a shine to this boom-boom sport. In a city where girls are increasingly edging for space in all quarters, shooting appears to be a top favourite.\"When I first shot during a school NCC camp last year, something just clicked for me,\" says Vidula, who goes to the Marathi-medium Chikistak Samuh Shirolkar High school in Girgaon. The rifle coach at the camp noted her enthusiasm and directed her to the MRA range at Worli. \"Since then I have been coming here every day during the vacations, and on weekends during school days,\" says Vidula, smiling shyly. \"At first my parents were a little surprised at my sudden interest but they fully supported me.\"Maharashtra produces the most number of shooters in the country and the highest number of women shooters. Of the six Arjuna awardees from this state, four are women, including Anjali Bhagwat and Suma Shirur. Rahi Sarnobat , currently at the London Olympics, also started her practice at the Worli shooting range five years ago as a 16-year-old.\"Over the years we have found that more and more girls come here, outnumbering boys,\" says Sheela Kanungo, Vidula's coach and a Commonwealth Games pistol shooting silver medalist. \"I think it has something to do with the culture of Maharashtra. Perhaps women here are bolder, more courageous. But, above all, they get super support from their families.\"Kanungo recalls how Sarnobat's mother would bring her all the way from Kolhapur just so that she could master her target practice. Shirur, a world record holder in rifle shooting, used to travel two hours each way from Panvel when she was training. Today, she has created her own shooting range and teaches there.Recently, Vidula's family didn't think twice about spending Rs 72,000 on a pistol so that she could practice 'dry firing' at home (where you shoot without loading pellets into the gun). These days, between exam pressure and travel time, it is more and more difficult to come to the range as much as she wants, so Vidula practises at home.\"We have lost so many children to exams and tuitions,\" says Kanungo with great regret. \"It's the saddest thing about today's life\u2014that having a hobby is genuinely a luxury.\"Yet, Kanungo finds that there are any number of children who know that they are not going anywhere in terms of competitive playing but spend hours and hours practising because of sheer love for the sport.On this particular day, Vidula is there late in the evening so her cousin brother has escorted her. The financial analyst\u2014for whom meeting targets suddenly takes on a completely different meaning\u2014sits patiently while his petite cousin takes shot after shot in the ten-metre range.\"Something inside me has changed ever since I started,\" says Vidula. \"I can't explain it. I love the idea of standing still, aligning the gun and getting my target. When I don't come close, I really think about what I did wrong, what I could do better. Earlier, all I did in my spare time was fool around with my friends. Today, I feel an incredible sense of serenity within.\"She adds, looking to her coach for approval, \"I really feel like I've found my calling. My final goal is to be a good shooter and go to the Olympics.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15454358", "title": "'Populist' CM turns down fare hike plea", "text": "KOLKATA: Transport operators were elated when Mamata Banerjee gave a patient hearing to their plight on Saturday. But their moment of joy turned out to be a brief one with the chief minister sticking to her populist stance and turning down any possibility of imposing a fare hike on the passengers. To add to the operators' woes, the government also resolved to issue the order on a \"back-door revision of fares for state buses and trams\".Transport minister Madan Mitra had announced the decision on June 2. Two months on, industries minister Partha Chatterjee, who briefed the media on the outcome of the meeting between the chief minister and the group of ministers (formed to look into the ailing transport sector), said, \"The announcement was made two months ago. We are going to issue the order now.\" The state government had decided to hike the minimum fare of Rs 4.50 on CSTC buses to Rs 5 on the pretext of shortage of small change. For trams, the base slab of Rs 3.50 will be removed and a common fare of Rs 4 will be introduced.Mamata has been denying market pressure and cost escalations to maintain her \"populist\" image ever since she became the chief minister of the state. Earlier, she had opposed hike in power tariff and milk prices and suggested introduction of new products to make up for the losses. Much on these lines, the chief minister on Saturday evaded the core issue of upward revision of fare and talked about alternate ways to generate revenue for private buses.The chief minister had promised to meet the busowners when they responded to her appeal and called off the July 31 strike. She kept her word on Saturday and became the first chief minister in the state to hold a meeting with bus operators at the Writers' Buildings.\"The chief minister is looking at revenue generation rather than a fare hike. To that end, the government will do what needs to be done. Public vehicles can make money through advertisements, provided they follow the rules and desist from obscene displays,\" the industries minister said.\"The meeting has served no purpose. The government is harping on ad revenue, but how will 12,000 private operators get so many publicity contracts. For argument's sake, even if we are able to make Rs 400 a day through ads, how can we bridge the gap of another Rs 400 a day? A busowner spends Rs 800 extra per day on fuel. The cost goes up by Rs 1,200 in the districts,\" explained Tapan Banerjee of the Joint Council of Bus Syndicates (JCBS). Dipak Sarkar of the Bengal Bus Syndicate echoed, \"A fare hike is the only solution to our problems.\"According to Banerjee, the last fare hike took place on July 1, 2009, when a litre of diesel would cost Rs 35.03. The fuel price has been hiked eight times ever since and now stands at Rs 44.72 after the last revision on July 25. Those operating JNNURM-funded buses must cough up more since higher quality diesel costs Rs 48.77 a litre.Sadhan Das of the JCBS said, \"We are happy that the chief minister gave us a patient hearing. This is the first time a CM has met us. But it's becoming impossible to run buses.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15453278", "title": "ID cards to rein in auto drivers", "text": "KOCHI: In a bid to empower the masses against wayward auto drivers, the police, on Saturday, launched an ID card system for all the auto drivers operating in the city. The move will enable passengers to collect details of drivers and lodge complaint against them in case of any untoward incident. Over the next two months, ID cards will be distributed to over 2,000 drivers in the city.The new initiative of the city police comes just a few days after city police commissioner M R Ajith Kumar experienced first-hand the conduct of auto drivers on city roads by travelling with a ToI team as part of the newspaper's awareness drive 'The First Person'.The new system was inaugurated by excise and ports minister K Babu at the Vyttila mobility hub. In the initial phase, cops will distribute ID cards embossed with unique QR code to 50 auto drivers operating from the hub. The QR code or quick response code will have complete details of the ID card holder and adds to the authenticity of the card. It will also help the cops retrieve the driver details from their data bank by a single touch.Ajith Kumar said the initiative is being implemented with the help of the city corporation, RTO office and the auto unions. \"The ID will be issued only to genuine auto drivers and will help in weeding out drivers who come to the city from rural areas. We have already collected full details of drivers in the city,\" he said.Apart from usual ID card details and the QR code, the card will also have a unique identification number. Cops will make it mandatory for drivers to display their ID card on the rear of the driver's seat. \"In case of complaints, the passengers can either text message the unique ID number or take the snap of the QR code using their mobile phone camera and send the image through an MMS to the police contact numbers given on the card. We just need to key in the ID number or scan the QR code in the computer to get the details of the driver,\" said Ajith Kumar.He said that all city-based auto drivers should have the ID cards within the next three months. Drivers who want to register with the police for the ID card should contact the city traffic police stations. Cops also have an advice to passengers too. They should verify that the driver is the same person whose photo is given in the ID card. Meanwhile, the police will soon make public the SMS format by which the passengers can send their complaints.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15455007", "title": "Two more held theft cases at govt hospitals", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two more arrests have been made in connection with thefts at various government hospitals. A week ago, cops had arrested a man who posed as a doctor in the hospitals to extract money. The accused have been identified as Amandeep Singh, 23, and Jitender, 22. While Amandeep, a resident of Tagore Garden, allegedly picked up items from doctors' rooms at Safdarjung Hospital and AIIMS, Jitender used to procure the stolen items, including cellphones.\"There were complaints about cellphones and other valuables being stolen from the doctors' rooms at Safadarjung Hospital. One of the doctors complained to the police. He was suspicious of one Aman, who was working in the department of burns. On verification, his name was found nowhere in the hospital records,'' said DCP (south) Chhaya Sharma.Police set traps near Safdarjung Hospital and AIIMS. They kept an eye on the movements of suspected people. Amandeep was wearing a doctor's uniform when he was caught. He has studied up to Class XII. He said he wanted to become a doctor but had to discontinue studies. He was earlier arrested for thefts at Mandir Marg and Sarojini Nagar. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15455778", "title": "Copyright case hits Gujarati \u2018rangbhoomi\u2019", "text": "VADODARA: For over two decades, this writer-director duo has rocked Gujarat theatre. Now, it's an off-stage drama between playwright Vihang Mehta and actor-director Suresh Rajda that has scripted a rare copyright battle in Gujarati rangbhoomi.Mehta has alleged that Gujarati play 'Ame Janiye Chiye Tame Kaun Chho', which was penned by him almost a decade ago, has been stolen by Rajda.The writer-director 'jodi' has given the Gujarati theatre many a hits starting from 'Chhinna' in 1979 to 'Flat No. 44' recently, running to packed houses in Mumbai and elsewhere.Rajda had recently staged the Gujarati play 'Dial Wrong Number', which according to Mehta is an infringement of copyright. Mehta says 'Dial Wrong Number' is an unauthorized adaptation of his play 'Ame Janiye Chiye Tame Kaun Cho'.Since 2000, the play has over 100 shows to its credit. The Marathi adaptation of this play 'Mahiteya Tumhi Kaun Aahat' translated by Suresh Chikle too has over 100 shows.Based on Mehta's plea, additional district judge of the Vadodara district court M V Zala has granted a stay over adaptation of any of the 18 full-length plays and 10 one-act plays penned by Mehta. The court has also granted an injunction on performance of 'Dial Wrong Number'.\"The court, by granting ex-parte interim injunction in the copyright matter, has confirmed that intellectual property rights are required to be awarded with better protection and this order also confirms that the area of intellectual property rights requires more sensitivity even amongst the society,\" says advocate Avadhoot Sumant, whose legal firm Satya Vidhi &amp; Company, represented Mehta.Mehta, an engineer and a management graduate who made his mark as a playwright with a series of murder mysteries and thrillers, told TOI that at first he wasn't keen on taking the legal course. \"But my well-wishers informed me that Rajda was about to go for another unauthorized adaptation of the play 'Cheel Jhadap'. Hence, I moved court,\" he says.Rajda when contacted by TOI refused to comment. \"It will not be right for me to comment on it till I get a formal communication about this case,\" he said.The suspense thriller 'Ame Janiye Chhiye Tame Kaun Cho' revolves around three girls having fun since their parents are out of town. Looking for something exciting, one of the girls comes up with a game wherein they randomly call people and tell them, \"We know who you are, and we saw what you did.\"Coincidentally, they end up calling a man who has just killed his wife. The man is able to trace the girls and confronts them, triggering a series of twists and turns.Suresh Rajda recently staged the Gujarati play 'Dial Wrong Number', which according to Vihang Mehta is an unauthorized adaptation of his play 'Ame Janiye Chiye Tame Kaun Cho'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15459701", "title": "Withdraw Armed Forces (Special Powers) Act: CPI", "text": "PANAJI: The Communist Party of India (CPI) on Sunday demanded that the central government completely withdraw Armed Forces (Special Powers) Act (AFAPA).Speaking to media persons CPI, general secretary S Sudhakar Reddy said that the central government has limited say in internal security of the states and AFAPA is misused by the central forces.Reddy was in Goa to attend the CPI annual conference, which was organized in the capital city of Goa.\"We (CPI) demand that the Armed Forces (Special Powers) Act should be withdrawn completely, including Kashmir\", Reddy said.To point out how AFAPA is misuse by armed forces, Reddy cited the recent case in Kashmir where a school-going boy was killed by armed forces and declared as militant without providing any proof.Speaking on National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC), he said that the bill has been introduced without consulting state governments and considering their opinion on the matter, which is objectionable.\"Formation of NCTC will take away power of the state government\", said Reddy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15455824", "title": "Assam on max alert ahead of Independence Day", "text": "GUWAHATI: Rattled with intelligent inputs that Ulfa hardliners are planning to strike in Guwahati and many areas of upper Assam ahead of Independence Day, the state government is making foolproof security arrangements to foil subversive activities.On Saturday, Ulfa's Paresh Baruah faction called for a total boycott of Independence Day celebrations in the state too. The faction also urged the people to observe a general strike on August 15 and not send their children to I-Day celebration venues to avoid trouble.\"Ulfa and its solidarity groups have always opposed I-Day celebrations. We urge all to observe an Assam bandh on August 15. Parents should not send their children to celebration venues as Ulfa always tagged those places as targets,\" said Arunodoy Dohotia of the faction's publicity wing.Ulfa hardliners' boycott call is backed by other NE-based militant outfits like Coordination Committee of Manipur (CorCom), Hynnewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) of Meghalaya, the West Bengal-based Kamtapur Liberation Organization (KLO), Tripura People's Democratic Front (TPDF) and National Liberation Front of Tripura (NLFT).Surprisingly, the NDFB's anti-talks faction, which had earlier declared a unilateral ceasefire after expressing willingness to hold peace talks, has joined the conglomerate too. \"We have taken all possible steps to thwart any untoward incident on or before Independence Day,\" said city SSP A P Tiwari.Vigilance on the Sunsali bank to Ramsing Chapori (sand bar) stretch of the Brahmaputra has also been intensified as IOC refinery is near from here. \"We have been asked to keep our security level at the maximum till August 22 due to threats,\" said a senior police official. The Noonmati Central Citizen Committee (NCCC) has also extended support to police in maintaining vigil.\"We have also distributed pamphlets mentioning security tips for public and asked them to remain alert,\" said Akon Sarma of NCCC. However, due to lack of boats and adequate facilities, security personnel are facing difficulties in performing their job smoothly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15454142", "title": "Screenplay workshop pans on cinema for kids", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: KIIT University and the Children's Film Society India have launched a first of its kind workshop in the city for script writers with an aim to usher in a new wave in Indian children's cinema. The project, called \" Green Screen Lab\", got underway on the university campus on Friday. As many as 18 noted screenplay writers from India and abroad will participate in it.Director Nila Madhab Panda, who is also an organizing member of the event, said, \"The call for entry to the lab elicited a huge response and the jury had a tough time selecting 18 participants from them as the quality of the submissions was generally quite high. In fact, this gives us great hope about the future of children's cinema, which has been a neglected genre in this country.\"Sussan Benn, founder of Performing Arts Labs ( PAL), London , who is here for the workshop, said, \"We can make better cinema if we experiment with themes and ideas.Shravan Kumar, CEO of Children's Film Society India ( CFSI), said these types of workshops are essential for directors who want to make children's films. Such projects facilitate understanding of children's psychology.The 18 screenplays chosen for the event include six from the northeast. This is because the organizers wanted to bring out exciting stories from the neglected region of the country.The lab is a fully-residential project. Participants will engage in intensive group discussions and one-on-one sessions with mentors and experienced directors. They will also learn production, marketing and distribution from visiting guest mentors from India and Europe. There will also be screenings of and discussions on internationally-acclaimed children's films.\"We are hopeful to get funding for at least five films,\" Panda said.Screenplay writers selected for the workshop are Adhiraj Singh (Forgot About Mina), Anusha Nandakumar &amp; Sandeep Saket (Mountain by the Roadside), Bassanti Pathak (Pincha My Talking Dog), Bhaskarjyoti Das (The Puppet Theatre),Dominic Megam Sangma (My Mother's Dream), Gaurav Saxena (Rangzen), Jyoti Nisha (Kahani Chamki Aur Cheeku Ki), Reema Borah (Yeh Jo Hara Hai), Reema Sengupta (Kayko), Romi Meitei (My Home), Shazia Khan (Sabiha), Soumendra Padhi (Time to Run), Sudipto Sen (Amatali), Utpal Borpujari (Ishu) and Vijay Rajan Singh (A Roadside Dream), Irfan jami (Jaagna Mana Hai), Mohinder Singh (Bhujang) and K Ramchandran (Children of Rhythm).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15459900", "title": "Educational tour at the Bangalore International Airport", "text": "Bangalore: Bangalore International Airport on Friday opened its landscaped gardens and specialized nursery to schools around its vicinity for an educational tour for children of the nearby areas. The programme will be on till August 17 and children have the opportunity to know more about the various plant species and their environment impact through this airport landscape tour.Students from Bettakote High School and Chikkajala High School were the schools from where students came to visit the picturesque airport. The Bengaluru International Airport with its flowers, lush green lawns and an overall spread of green art across hundred acres of land is the perfect gateway for tourists to this place, both domestic and international.The landscape design at the airport is based on the rich heritage and culture of Karnataka State. The inspiration for the landscape design has been Karnataka's diverse geography, its long history, scenic hill ranges and its unexplored forests among others. The green landscape encompasses an entry experience at trumpet, Heritage Boulevard, Roundabouts, Garden Boulevard, Central Park and entry garden. The selected plants are well adapted to suit local climatic conditions with attractive foliage and flowers are environmentally friendly to provide colorful scenery throughout year.For the maintenance and upkeep of the Landscape, plant nurseries have been developed on a five-acre near the airport. The nursery has shade houses and open spaces for warehousing facility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15454586", "title": "Architecture department opened at Birla Institute of Technology", "text": "PATNA: More engineers, doctors, architects and technocrats are needed for the development of the state's infrastructure, said chief minister Nitish Kumar on Saturday while inaugurating the department of architecture at Birla Institute of Technology (BIT), Patna.The CM said he was visiting the campus after 2005 when he had come to lay the foundation of the campus and had asked the authorities to start their course in 2006 from their own campus. \"I got the inspiration to work in higher education with the establishment of BIT Mesra here. Now two central universities are coming up, IIT has been opened and one batch has already passed out and several other new institutions of higher education are functioning. As a result, the number of students going out of state for higher education has declined, he said, and thanked the BIT for providing transit campus for CUB.The CM expressed his satisfaction on the progress made by Bihar in the field of higher education with the establishment of BIT, IIT, NIT, CIMP, CNMLU, AKU, AIIMS, Patna , NIFT and Nalanda University.BIT Mesra VC Ajoy Chakrobarty highlighted the new programmes and future plans of the institute and extended his thanks to the CM for his initiatives and enthusiasm towards the betterment of BIT. He called Nitish 'builder of modern Bihar'.Architecture department head Manjuri Chakrobarty made guests aware of the field of architecture with several examples and discussed future plans of exposing student to the technical, industrial and research fields. The event was further carried out by a presentation describing the legacy of BIT, Patna, describing its inception, progress, facilities, future programmes, societies, CSR activities, festivals and laurels brought by BITians.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "15453614", "title": "Lohardaga weekly market languishes due to apathy", "text": "LOHARDAGA: With no proper drainage system, Lohardaga's biggest weekly market - has a nightmare for visitors this monsoon with accumulating rainwater on the roadside making it almost impossible to walk. There are no proper arrangements of shades for vendors or roads for the buyers at the market that has its headquarters on the same campus. The Agriculture Production Market Committee had established this market near Vanvasi Kalyan Kendra after it was relocated from the heart of Lohardaga town due to major traffic problems.\"It is very difficult to walk on the muddy grounds in the market where people from all parts of the district gather every Friday. The same market campus has a cattle market as well and animals and fire brigade vehicles make the roads even worse,\" said shopper Sunita Oraon.The market committee has given its shops to the fire brigade, CRPF, the health department's malaria unit and home guards. However, though the committee receives rent for the shops given to these emergency services in special circumstances, it has compromised with safety and hygiene norms.Committee secretary Beni Lal Rajak said he will discuss the issue with the officials and decide on to a permanent solution to the problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15455345", "title": "End lockout, govt to Medikit", "text": "GURGAON: The Haryana government has ordered Eastern Medikit establishment to discontinue the lockout of the factory and referred the matter to the industrial tribunal and labour court for adjudication in Gurgaon.TOI has accessed the copy of the order issued by the additional chief secretary, labour department, P K Gupta, which paves the way for legal proceedings against the company. The fresh order came in the backdrop of the factory owners refusing to make reconciliatory efforts and resolve the pending labour issues. On August 2, the factory owner did not come to the office of the deputy labour commissioner where the workers and other officials had been kept waiting.Sanjay Malik , president, Eastern Medikit employees' union, said: \"It was disappointing to know that no one from the company had come for the meeting. The labour department has not issued the final notice about the closure of the factory and the case for the relief will be heard in the labour court.\"Over 900 workers come to the factory every day and mark their attendance. \"The officials of the labour department regularly come to the factory to check the attendance and mention in the records. The monetary relief to workers will be decided by the court in due course of time,\" said Malik. The workers were expecting something from the talks between the labour department and company owners. \"It seems that the company is not interested in anything now, so now we have hopes that the court will get us our dues,\" said Malik.Earlier, the union members had submitted a memorandum to the deputy commissioner and held a protest march the in old city. The workers alleged that the company owner abruptly decided to shut operations and disconnected the water and electricity supply. They also claimed that the owner had not announced any lockout as per the provision of labour laws.At present the factory has no power and water connection. The company management had agreed on a settlement in July 2009 with the workers' union but backtracked which became the main reason behind the labour crisis. The labour department had registered a complaint on May 21, 2012, accusing the management of not paying salaries and harassing the workers at the factory. The workers did not get their salaries for the month of April and it was only after the intervention of the labour department that the salaries were disbursed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15458651", "title": "Police constable injured in Dahi Handi", "text": "A 37-year-old police constable was among the 395 injured in the \"Dahi Handi\" celebrations at Vikhroli. Satish Phadke, who hails from Bhandup, had gone to Vikhroli with his friends to take part in the \"dahi handi\" celebrations there. Phadke was on the ground providing support to the upper layers of the human pyramid and everything had gone as planned. The group even managed to break the handi, but on the way down some members of the pyramid lost their footing. \"\"Suddenly everything started going wrong, I saw a friend of mine fall from above and I managed to break his fall but then another guy fell on my friend. Before I could support myself or understand anything, my knee was crushed beneath them,\"\" he said.Dr Kaushal Malhan, joint replacement surgeon at Fortis hospital Mulund, where Phadke is admitted, said that Phadke has torn two ligaments in his right knee. \"\"We will have to reconstruct the ligament with an arthroscopic (key-hole) surgery to the knee. However, due to internal bleeding the knee is currently swollen and inflamed. We're going to wait till the knee stabilises before we perform the surgery. It might even take a few weeks before we can safely perform the operation.\"\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15454395", "title": "Cong open to local level alliances", "text": "KOLKATA: Local-level Congress leaders will have the freedom to decide on alliances in the coming panchayat election, West Bengal Pradesh Congress Committee president Pradip Bhattacharya said in Kolkata on Saturday. \"They may have local-level alliances with Trinamool Congress . There may even be seat adjustments with Forward Bloc and RSP as well. But I don't think that any understanding with CPM will be possible,\" he said.In a meeting of the extended executive committee of PCC during the day - in which District Congress Committee leaders as well as state ministers and two MPs were present - \"disappointment\" was expressed over Trinamool's deccision had taken a \"unilateral approach\" by announcing that it would to contest the panchayat election on its own. \"This meeting of the WBPCC reiterates its encouragement of the decision of the Block and District Congress Committees in regard to contesting the election on our own strength,\" a resolution adopted at the meeting stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15453584", "title": "Jharkhand salutes aces, unsung heroes", "text": "RANCHI: Keeping his promise to honour the people and organizations who have made difference to Jharkhand since its creation in November 2000, The Time of India on Saturday felicitated the individuals and organizations who have contributed to the progress of the state at a glittering function, 'Emerging Jharkhand: Times Impact Awards 2012', in the state capital on Saturday.Planning Commission deputy chairman of Montek Singh Ahluwalia, chief minister Arjun Munda and Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh gave away the awards to 21 winners in various categories ranging from private and public sectors, SMEs, education, NGOs to unsung heroes and women empowerment. All recipients appreciated ToI's effort to organize the programme for the heroes of Jharkhand.The winners included unsung heroes like Simon Raja, Goverdhan Munda, Association Against Trafficking and Sexual Exploitation of Children (ATSEC) to stars like Team India skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni , ace archer and world number 1 Deepika Kumari and corporate houses like Tata Steel , Jindal Steel and Power Limited, Mecon, Hindustan Copper Limited. Ahluwalia emphasized on the need of scientific planning and better logistics for exploitation of the state's mineral wealth. \"We need better infrastructure to improve connectivity for sustained development of mineral rich Jharkhand,\" he said. Meanwhile, Munda took the opportunity to exhort the people of Jharkhand to focus on skill development and link maximum youths to productivity. \"Unless we link everyone with productivity, we cannot compete with China, which has excelled in mass production of goods and flooded our market,\" said Munda.Before the award ceremony, a panel discussion, 'Jharkhand- Land of Promises: Scope and Implementation'.The function was organized by ToI in association with state Information and Public Relation Department, Reliance Industries , Central Bank of India, Indian Institute of Management, Ranchi, Hotel Radission Blu, ET Now, Jharcraft, United Spirits Limited and A&M; Communication. The programme was anchored ET Now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15455930", "title": "School cabinet teams get tips in leadership", "text": "BHOPAL: Newly elected cabinet members of city schools got lessons on leadership skills, communication and stress management on Saturday at the School Cabinet Meet'12: 'Young Leaders Summit' on Saturday.The summit was organised by the Archdiocese of Bhopal at the Bhopal School of Social Sciences (BSSS), the young leaders of 22 schools from Bhopal, Sehore and Hoshangabad under the Archdiocese took part in the summit. More than 400 students were present on Saturday.\"The objective of the summit was to highlight the increasing role of young leadership in the current scenario,\" said Aamir Mehboob, public relations officer of BSSS who also conducted quizzes and game shows in the latter half of the day.The summit commenced with a parade led by the NCC team of BSSS and followed by the respective school teams. Archbishop Dr Leo Cornelio declared the meet open with release of pigeons and balloons.Talking to TOI, Sachindra Pathak of St Xavier's School, BHEL felt the meet was better organized than the last one held in 2011. \"Sessions on communication and leadership and stress management and youth were really effective. They will go a long way in inculcating our skills as future leaders,\" he said.\"Last year the number of students was lesser and hence we got a chance to intermingle. This year since the number had gone up drastically, the mutual interaction could not happen,\" he added.Dr Jagtar Kaur Chawla, Head of English department conducted the session on communication and leadership while Dr Vinay Mishra Head, Humanities took the second session on stress management.Former olympian and Arjun award winner Syed Jalauddin Rizvi and actor Kanika Tiwari shared their views on effective leadership, planning and availing opportunities.Fr Joseph PP, principal BSSS College emphasised on the need to set goals and focus in achieving them.But the high point of the cabinet meet was the musical show with the BSSS college band belting out popular tracks and a dance performance by the students which regaled the participants during the lunch hour.St Joseph's Co-ed, Arera Colony was adjudged the best team of the summit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15461891", "title": "Indian-origin girl in UK raises 6,400 pounds for NGO", "text": "LONDON: An Indian-origin girl student in the UK has raised over 6,400 pounds by organising a '5K walk' for the world's largest NGO-run school meal programme which provides food for 1.3 million children daily in India.Sabina Ranger, a second year university student organised the 5K walk for The Akshaya Patra Foundation, an NGO in India that provides food for school children across 9 states and 19 locations.Though her aim was to raise 3,000 pounds, Ranger was able to raise over 6,400 pounds, enough to feed 640 children for a whole year.The walk took place on 5th August, the same day that The Akshaya Patra foundation fed its billionth meal.Ranger made T-shirts with a picture of school children eating meals given by the foundation and with the NGO's logo for the walkers to wear.She was joined in by many neighbours and friends , besides her family and Dipika Khaitan, the president of The Akshaya Patra Foundation UK.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15453845", "title": "Restrictions on new mobile towers in Pune", "text": "PUNE: New mobile towers shall not be permitted within a radius of one km of the existing towers, to prevent overlapping of high radiation fields, according to an advisory issued by the Union ministry of environment and forests (MoEF).The state or local bodies will have to undertake regular auditing and monitoring of electro-magnetic radiation in urban localities, and especially around the protected areas and ecologically sensitive areas. Towers whose electro-magnetic radiation may cause problems have to be suitably relocated or removed.The advisory contains actions to be taken by agencies concerned aimed at using mobile towers in a way to minimize their impact on wildlife including birds and bees. The advisory was issued to state local bodies, state environment and forest departments, department of telecommunication, and other agencies concerned.An expert committee was constituted by the ministry to study the possible impact of communication towers on wildlife including birds and bees on August 30, 2010. The report was submitted to the ministry and the review of available scientific information by the committee indicated that electro-magnetic radiation interfered with biological systems. It may have varying negative impacts on wildlife, especially birds and bees, the committee said.The advisory to state or local bodies stated that ecological impact assessment and review of installation sites will be essential in wildlife or ecologically important areas, before giving permission for construction of towers. The forest department should be consulted before installation of cellphone towers in and around protected areas and zoos.\"Regular auditing and monitoring of the electro-magnetic radiations should be conducted in urban localities, educational institutions, hospital, industrial, residential, recreational premises and especially around the protected areas and ecologically sensitive areas. The information on the impact related to different forms of wildlife as well as humans, should be provided to the agencies concerned for regulating the norms for notification of standards for safe limits of electro-magnetic radiation,'' the ministry states.Vinod B Mathur, dean, Wildlife Institute of India (WII), who was also member of the expert committee, said that transmission towers worked on electro-magnetic waves. \"Prolonged usage has adverse impact on human health as well as wildlife. The advisory or guidelines were issued by the ministry to agencies concerned in the hope that they take cognizance,\" he said.\"This advisory issued is a precautionary approach to minimize the exposure levels and adopt stricter norms possible. The idea is to regulate development,'' he said.Asad Rahmani, chairman of the expert committee and director, Bombay Natural History Society (BNHS), said that experts working in the committee have suggested that a scientific and comprehensive study should be taken up by the Union government. It should be a multi-disciplinary study taken up by various institutes to study the impact of mobile towers on human health and wildlife, he said.The advisory said sharing of passive infrastructure if made mandatory for telecom service providers can minimize need of having additional towers. If new towers must be built, these should be constructed with utmost care and precautions so as not to obstruct flight path of birds, and also not to increase the combined radiations from all towers in the area.The advisory states that information about the location and frequencies of cellphone towers and other towers emitting electro-magnetic radiation, should be made available in the public domain. Location-wise GIS mapping of all cellphone towers should be maintained which would help in monitoring the population of birds and bees around the mobile towers and also in and around wildlife protected areas.The state environment and forest departments have been asked to undertake regular awareness drives with high level of visibility through all forms of media, to increase awareness about various norms and standards with regard to cellphone towers and dangers.Advisory to state or local bodies* Bold signs and messages on the dangers of cellphone towers and associated radiations to be displayed in and around the structures of the towers* Use of visual daytime markers in areas of high diurnal raptor or waterfowl movements, should be promotedAdvisory to all concerned agencies* Security lighting for on-ground facilities should be minimized, as far as possible or point downwards or be down-shielded to avoid bird hits* Any study conducted on impact of electro-magnetic radiation on wildlife to be shared with forest department and department of telecommunications", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "15453462", "title": "Tech report on road development in September", "text": "MALAPPURAM: The technical report on the multi-crore road development project to be implemented in Malappuram town will be prepared and submitted to the government in the second week of September.Wilbur Smith Associates, a Bangalore based consultancy, has been entrusted with the task. A decision regarding this was taken at a meeting held between Malappuram municipal chairman K P Musthafa and MLA P Ubaidulla and the project consultants on Thursday. The meeting discussed various proposals and plans for the road development in the town.The technical report would be prepared based on the ideas chalked out in the meeting. A detailed discussion will be held on the technical report by the representatives of government departments, political leaders, NGOs and public and a comprehensive project report will be prepared based on the ideas developed during the discussions.\"The roads will be beautified along with other development works. Pedestrian's safety will get priority when implementing the project. There will be proper drainage system, parking area and bus bays once modernization works are completed\", said R Arun Babu, chief engineer with the consultancy.\"We are planning to construct a fly over in the town to resolve the traffic congestion and identify the accident prone areas around Malapuram town. There is also plan to develop the Kozhikode-Palakkad that passes through Malappuram town highway into a four lane road,\" said municipal chairman.He said the project would be implemented with the support of public and road development would be done without affecting the populated areas in the town.Representatives of National Highway Authority of India(NHAI) and District Tourism Promotion Council(DTPC) were also present at the meeting.In Malappuram town, 40km road will be developed under the project. Twelve corridors will be identified for the development, including the National Highway.The project will be implemented with the financial support of the Kerala Road Fund Board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15448368", "title": "Deepika pays producer 10 lakh", "text": "Most friends land up having bets but very seldom do they actually honour them. Deepika Padukone is different. She had a bet with her Cocktail producer Dinesh Vijan about a song in the film not working.According to her, the ditty Daaru Desi would not be a rage; Dinu was very sure of the song's potential and asked her to place a bet of a million rupees.When the song became a hit, Dinesh started following up with DP for the money. She first argued with him about the relative popularity of the song but when the song entered the charts she couldn't argue. She then thought that her producer friend will not press for the money.But contrary to her expectations Dinesh kept following up for his money and after a period of dilly dallying Deepika paid him 10 lakhs from her pocket just four days ago. A source said, \"10 lakhs is no big amount for Deepika. She gained a lot more from Cocktail so it was indeed a small price to pay.''Of course she is still in a state of shock because she was made to pay this sum seriously for a bet that she so casually made.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15455375", "title": "Azad Maidan protest: 49 &amp; counting: Mob wrecks all buses, vehicles in its path", "text": "MUMBAI: A part of the city was gripped by a complete breakdown of law and order on Saturday after a mob went on a rampage near Azad Maidan, causing extensive damage to BEST buses, private vehicles and outdoor broadcasting (OB) vans of media firms.N A Walavalkar, public relations officer, BEST, said, \"As many as 49 buses were damaged in the violence, and the rear end of a bus on route 131 was partially burnt.\" BEST officials said bus services were disrupted for two-and-a-half hours on routes touching Colaba , Backbay and Sion.BEST undertaking general manager O P Gupta said, \"Our engineers will assess the damage to the buses and we will thereafter be able to estimate our losses.\" A conductor on bus route no. 1 said, \"All the commuters in the bus got down as soon as they spotted the mob approaching our vehicle . The angry youngsters then broke all the window panes of the bus before we could escape. It was really scary and we were worried about our safety.\"Around a dozen cars were damaged after the mob, comprising mostly teenagers, went berserk, stopping all vehicles plying on the roads abutting Azad Maidan and smashing them to pieces.Car owners said members of the mob brought them out of their cars, saying they wouldn't be harmed, and then wrecked their cars. Car owners as well as BEST bus drivers and conductors took shelter in buildings nearby. \"A young man asked us to come out of our car and assured us that nobody would be harmed, but I later learnt they had broken the window panes of my car,\" said T S Hindoyar, who took shelter along with her friend.A teacher from J B Petit school said, \"I was driving home with my adolescent daughters when some men forced us out of the car. We took shelter in a building near Capitol cinema. The mob damaged the car's bonnet.\"As news of the violence spread, shopkeepers at D N road, Fort, Crawford Market, Fashion Street and those inside the CST subway downed shutters. Mohammed Jahangir Sheikh, a stall owner at Fashion Street, said, \"Cops chased down all youngsters loitering on the streets. There was absolute panic among the weekend crowd at our shops. The cops then asked us to down our shutters.\"Times View : Violence has shifted focus from issueThe mindless vandalism and wanton destruction of public property have only served to divert attention from issues the Azad Maidan protesters wanted to raise. The brains behind Saturday's protest must ask themselves if they have any control over their foot soldiers. A planned protest against violence thousands of kilometres away degenerating into violence in the heart of Mumbai is completely unacceptable. Having said that, it also appears that police grossly underestimated the number of protesters and lacked intelligence about the intensity of the emotions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15453827", "title": "Soon, 9 district buses only for girl students", "text": "NASHIK: Nine buses are to be inducted in the fleet of buses provided for free travel of student girls in eight tehsils of the district, within a fortnight, according to officials.As of now, 31 buses run exclusively for ferrying girl students free of cost from home to schools and colleges and back in remote areas across the district, have been started. The buses carry an average of 80 female students, district planning officer Pradeep Potdar said.The state government has arranged for Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) to manage payment of school bus staff incoluding drivers and conductors and bus maintenance. The corporation will run the buses. Five buses per taluka have been allotted under the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15458034", "title": "Mumbai violence: Situation normal, over 20 people held", "text": "MUMBAI: Over 20 people have been arrested in connection with the violence near Azad Maidan here in which two youths were killed and at least 55 injured, police said on Sunday.The situation is normal and heavy police deployment has been put in place, they said.\"The situation has been normal since Saturday evening. We have deployed a heavy police force in the vicinity of Azad Maidan,\" a senior police officer said.Over 20 people allegedly involved in Saturday's violence have been arrested and various sections of IPC, including that of molestation and theft, have been slapped on them, police said.During the violence, the mob had snatched two self- loading rifles and a pistol from women police personnel, they added.Two persons were killed and at least 55 people, including 45 policemen, injured in the mayhem that erupted after a protest rally turned violent, with the mob damaging buses, hurling stones and setting vehicles afire.The protest call was given by a city-based outfit, Raza Academy, to denounce the riots in Assam and also the alleged attacks on a minority community in Myanmar. Awami Vikas Party (AVP), a political outfit floated by former police officer Shamsher Khan Pathan, had also taken part in the protest.Police said the crime branch would probe if any inflammatory speech was made by the organisers of the protest rally at Azad Maidan and whether the vandalism was pre-meditated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15454166", "title": "Dowry cloud over woman's death", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Mystery shrouded the death of a married woman in Satyanagar here on Saturday. While her husband said she had committed suicide, parents of the deceased have alleged she was murdered for dowry.Police said Gitanjali Sahoo, who would be around 35 years, was taken to the Capital Hospital by her husband Satyaban, early in the morning. She was pronounced dead there. Police are probing into the cause, a police officer said.Gitanjali's father Prafulla Saoo, a native of Nayagarh district, said he had got a call from his son-in-law that his daughter had committed suicide late on Friday night. \"When we came to my daughter's residence early on Saturday, we found it was locked. I contacted my son-in-law to find that they were in Capital Hospital. He said she ended life by hanging herself. However, her body bore injury marks including on the head and she had bled profusely,\" Prafulla said. Prafulla suspected his son-law to have murdered her for dowry. \"He had demanded Rs 50,000 some months ago. I had assured to arrange the sum soon, but he did not wait,\" he said.Satyaban, who sells fruits at a stall near Ram Mandir, said she had committed suicide as she was not in the right state of mind. Satyaban and Gitanjali were married more than 10 years ago. They have a 10-year-old son and an eight-month-old daughter and were staying in a rented accommodation. A case has been registered at the Mahila police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15454766", "title": "Delhi-Mumbai industrial corridor to play crucial role in UP\u2019s growth: Akhilesh Yadav", "text": "LUCKNOW: In yet another example of the growing bonhomie between the Samajwadi Party and the Congress, the UP government has decided to lend full support to the Centre in its bid to set up the Delhi-Mumbai Industrial Corridor ( DMIC). The corridor passes through the Greater Noida-Meerut-Muzzaffarnagar region in the state. The stretch is part of the 1,483-km dedicated corridor conceptualized to boost industrial growth in the country.Chairing a meeting of industrial department officials on Saturday, Chief miniser Akhilesh Yadav hailed the project as \"extremely crucial\" for the growth of the state. The project, which envisages setting up of seven investment and 13 industrial regions between Jawaharlal Nehru Port in Mumbai and Dadri in Greater Noida, will pass through two investment regions in UP -- Greater Noida and Meerut-Muzzaffarnagar.The ambitious project also provisions setting up of a dedicated freight corridor to an extent of 150 to 200 km on both sides of the investment region. The project becomes even more crucial for UP because the proposed east-west corridor merges at Khurja, which lies in the state.In the first phase, the Greater Noida Development Authority (GNDA) has decided to develop Bodaki railway station, Greater Noida-Noida metro rail link, Dadri-Vallabhgarh railway station, Noida, Greater Noida-Faridabad expressway, Logistic park/township and an auto-mart. The authority has also indentified setting up of a power plant in the region as a crucial feature.Yadav said that directions have been issued to GNDA and UPSIDC to identify a site for setting up of a hi-tech integrated industrial township in the region. The chief minister said that the corridor will help the farmers, especially of the east UP, to ship their produce to places as far as Mumbai. He, however, said that land will be acquired with the consent of the farmers. The Centre will invest around Rs 3,000 crore in the region lying in UP. Secretary, commerce and industry, Government of India, Saurabh Chandra, said that the project will bring an investment of over Rs 75,000 crore to the region. This will include setting up of industries, including food, IT, electronics and automobiles. In all, the project is expected to create 12 lakh jobs, Chandra said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15455369", "title": "With govt delaying decision, admissions unlikely in nursing and OTPT", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as the second round of admissions for MBBS, nursing and physiotherapy are scheduled for August 25, the likelihood of any admissions in BSc nursing and degree courses in occupational and physiotherapy (OTPT) taking place this year is less.While all the three courses in the Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) in the city and some other corporation colleges do not have the affiliation of the Maharashtra University of Health Sciences (MUHS) to admit students, private colleges are making the most of it by attracting the best students.The chances of these colleges getting affiliation in the near future are negligible as the state government has not created the required posts for the courses despite warning from university in last one year. Despite assurances by the directorate of medical education and research (DMER) that the process for creation of posts is in pipeline, nothing has moved.The MUHS is sticking to its stand of not giving conditional approval too. Its registrar A Suryakar told TOI that the university was just waiting for the state government to submit the compliance report for shortage of staff in nursing and OTPT. \"Once the compliance letter comes to us we will issue letter of affiliation,\" he said.DMER director Dr Pravin Shingare had nothing new to add. \"The proposal is already with the finance department. Unless the cabinet clears the posts, new ones cannot be created. The medical education minister too is trying his best,\" he said.Dr NN Ambore, the joint DMER director, added that there is enough qualified staff for the required posts. \"Once the state government gives a nod there will be no delay in filling the posts,\" he said.The OTPT School in GMCH has an intake capacity of 30 seats in OT and PT each, and six post graduate seats. \"Even admissions for PG course are due but in the absence of UG admissions the school cannot admit PG students too,\" said a senior teacher. \"Neither the DMER nor the state government are keen on expediting the process.\"The situation in OTPT in Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation's (BMC) Nair and Sion hospitals is also the same. While the corporation is not keen on adding new seats to the colleges for creating the minimum required posts of teachers, the state government too is no hurry to sanction any additional posts.The GMCH physiotherapy course is being run by just two lecturers against the required 12 teachers. A senior university officials and a teacher told TOI that the government is no mood to frame the new required recruitment rules and as per old rules staff is deficient.The situation in OTPT is also bad because there is no pressure from the OTPT council, the apex body to lay down rules and seek their implementation. Sources say that the Maharashtra OTPT council is a government nominated body which has no interest in the nitty-gritties.The election of the council is due and probably an elected body may only be able to put some pressure on the government. Also, there are no separate budgets for nursing and OTPT schools &amp; colleges and it is apparently preventing the finance department in creating new posts as it requires a huge new investment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15459130", "title": "Ramdev warns of big revolution if PM does not meet his demands", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ramdev on Sunday warned of a \"big revolution\" if the Prime Minister did not meet his demands for announcing immediate steps to bring back black money, enactment of a strong Lokpal and measures to end corruption.As his fast entered the fourth day on Sunday and the government continuing to ignore the protest, Ramdev wrote a letter to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , asking that his demands be accepted and suitable measures taken to implement them.Issuing a fresh appeal and declaring a new deadline, Ramdev targeted the Prime Minister saying he has to show political honesty and political will on the matter.He alleged that Singh did not honour the promise on declaring black money a national asset or taking steps to bring back black money stashed away abroad.\"When UPA came to power, the Prime Minister promised that black money will be brought back in 100 days. Many such 100 days have gone by but black money is still stashed in tax havens abroad,\" he claimed.\"You are being hailed as an honest person. We don't doubt your personal honesty. But you will have to show political honesty and political duty. If you do not do your duty, then there will be a question mark on your political honesty,\" Ramdev said.Addressing his supporters at Ramlila Maidan here, Ramdev said the fast, which was to end on Saturday evening, was continuing and a decision on the next course of action will be taken in the evening.\"Till a decision on our demands are not taken, I am ready to continue my fast. The fast will not end today. When it will end, I will tell you tomorrow,\" he said.\"We wrote to you (Singh) earlier regarding the issue. We have now sent you a fresh letter. We will wait till this evening. If there is no decisive action, there will be a big revolution from tomorrow,\" he said.Though he was to announce his plans on Saturday evening, Ramdev has been extending his deadline and deferring announcement of his next course of action. He had said on Saturday evening that he will announce his strategy on Sunday morning but he deferred it for the evening with a letter to the Prime Minister.The fourth day of Ramdev's protest saw erstwhile Team Anna member Kiran Bedi making a presence at the fast venue though Anna Hazare and other members of the team have kept away.Ramdev also extended an invitation to all parties to join his protest if they agreed with his demands.Ramdev also sought to attack Congress saying though he was not singling out the party on the issue of black money, it had ruled the country for most of the time after Independence and, hence, it had to take responsibility.\"We are not here to tarnish anybody. But what is the danger that Congress perceives in bringing back black money or declaring it national asset, if they do not own it? We had given you time till yesterday. Your time is over and now our innings start,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15454118", "title": "'Dahi handi' festival: Potter suffers 60% burns, critical", "text": "MUMBAI: A 22-year-old potter is battling for his life after suffering 60% burns. On Friday, the victim, Aditya Kawande, a Mahim resident, was climbing up a ladder to tie a rope on which dahi handi was to be strung. However, Kawande slipped and fell off the ladder. His foot got caught in a loop of wires and he suffered third degree burns on over 60% of his body.\"Kawande was admitted to the hospital on Friday afternoon with third degree burns on his upper and lower limbs and chest. He is currently on intravenous fluids and antibiotics,\" said a doctor from Bandra's Bhabha Hospital.Kawande lives with his friends and does not have a family. On Saturday, when TOI went to visit him, he was lying on the bed with a ventilator, with nobody beside him. Though Kawande is not out of danger, doctors said he is stabilizing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "15455188", "title": "Meghalaya cop \u2018forces\u2019 2 juniors to drink urine, suspended", "text": "SHILLONG: A senior police officer in Meghalaya has been suspended for allegedly forcing two recruits (constables) to drink urine at a training camp in West Garo Hills.\"Action would be taken against the training inspector, who has already been suspended, if he is found guilty of forcing the two constables to drink urine,\" said home minister HDR Lyngdoh.The incident took place on Sunday at the 2nd Meghalaya Police Battalion at Goeragre in West Garo Hills district during a roll-call in the presence of 600 constables. Training inspector Pradip Borah had allegedly asked three recruits to urinate in bottles and later forced the duo to consume it.\"This kind of inhuman punishment is unacceptable and stern action will be taken against the inspector if he is found guilty,\" added Lyngdoh. The commandant of 2nd Meghalaya Police Battalion, N Rajamarthandan, has initiated an inquiry into the case. \"The training inspector has been temporarily replaced by another police instructor to train the new recruits (constables) of 6th battalion of Meghalaya Police at Goeragre. Borah allegedly asked the two recruits to drink urine following a complaint of the mess commander on a scuffle between the duo and another recruit during lunch,\" said Dr Rajamarthandan.The commandant said an inquiry had been initiated to probe into the incident. \"The inquiry officer has collected information from all five recruits. Besides, the training instructor has been asked to give an explanation,\" he said. He added that disciplinary action would be taken against Borah if the allegation is proved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15455249", "title": "Inter student commits suicide", "text": "HYDERABAD: A seventeen year old Intermediate student consumed pesticide in Mirayalaguda of Nalgonda district on Saturday. Police said he was depressed over his college management for pestering him to pay his fees.According to police B Murali was a student of second inter in Vasavi Junior College in the town.He was supposed to pay the installment due of Rs 17,000.The understanding was that after he made initial payment of the fees of Rs 3,000 rest would be paid later.He was repeatedly reprimanded by the management for not paying the reminder fee and on Friday, was sent home over the same issue.Unable to bear the harassment, he finally consumed pesticide and died while being treated on Saturday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15455082", "title": "Antony worried over officer-jawan scuffles", "text": "NEW DELHI: Defence minister A K Antony on Saturday expressed concern over the repeated incidents of standoffs between jawans and Army officers in recent days.This was the first public acknowledgement of the growing worry over fraying of the officer-jawan ties in the world's second largest standing army, and came on a day when the defence minister brainstormed \u2014 for the second time in three days \u2014 the incidents with the Army chief General Bikram Singh.There have been at least three incidents of standoff between Army officers and jawans in recent months. The latest was at Samba in Jammu and Kashmir, where a tense face-off went on for hours between the jawans and the officers of 16 Cavalry after a jawan committed suicide on Wednesday. In May, a violent incident took place between the officers and the jawans of 226 artillery regiment in Ladakh, while in June last year there was a similar incident in the 45 Cavalry unit in Punjab.\"Each incident is a matter of concern to me but armed forces are better trained to handle such situations. They are handling it in their own way. Today also I had a brief discussion with the Army chief and they are handling it,\" Antony said.While the government is not particularly alarmed by the incidents, there is concern at the highest levels that such issues do not become a trend in the Army. A senior official said that efforts are on to improve welfare and dignity of soldiers as part of the larger goal to modernize the Army.Asked about suicides in the Army, the defence minister said, \"Compared to the past, the number of suicides and fratricides in armed forces are slightly reduced.\" He claimed that over the years, they have been able to reduce suicide rate gradually.Chinese pressure an `aberration'Defence minister A K Antony dismissed as \"aberration\" reports about increasing Chinese pressure at the Finger Area along the Line of Actual Control in Sikkim. \"It is not a new issue. Sometimes it happens like that as there are no officially-accepted points on entire border. There are seven eight disputed points in this border. In these disputed areas, both sides are patrolling. We have our own patrolling and they have theirs,\" he said.Antony said \"unfortunate incidents\" take place but they are aberrations and not a regular thing. \"Now we have recently set up a border management mechanism. That is also functioning very effectively. By and large, India-China border is very peaceful,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "15455240", "title": "Butterfly park to add attraction to Vizag", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: A butterfly park, the first of its kind in the state, will soon be an additional attraction at Indira Gandhi Zoological gardens in Vizag. The enclosure, which would also function as a base lab and slated to be thrown open to the public in the next couple of months, would house about 20 to 50 species of butterflies and is being constructed at a cost of Rs 20 lakh.Elaborating on the need for a butterfly enclosure, curator G Ramalingam said apart from being eye catchers, butterflies play a major role in establishing pollination patterns.Moreover, he pointed out that the main reason for the enclosure was to enable study of the butterfly species native to the Eastern Ghats. The first such butterfly enclosure in India came up in Pune in 2006 and today, there are six other such enclosures in the country.While the existing butterfly enclosures are on the west coast and the Himalayan region, the one at Vizag would be the only such center in the entire east coast. Three of the seven enclosures are situated on the west coast, in Goa, Thane and Pune while the others are situated in Simla, Bangalore, Chandigarh and Rangrang (Sikkim). Speaking on the concentration of enclosures in these areas, Dr Ramalingam noted, \"It is believed that the Himalayan and Western Ghats region have a varied and larger range of butterflies. However, that does not mean that the Eastern Ghats should be neglected. It is precisely for this reason that the enclosure that is coming up would also function as a base research lab. The lab would help us catalogue and decipher the local species and also take note of any Diaspora and cross migration.\" While India is home to 1501 species of butterflies, 250 of these are found in the Eastern Ghats alone.The enclosure on 500 square meters to begin with, would include butterfly species such as the Plain tiger, Blue tiger, Indian crow, striped tiger, Tawny Coster, Common Leopard, Indian Red Admiral, Swallow tails and Metal marks. The curator was of the view that the enclosure would attract one and all, from children to Lepidopterists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "sirsa", "code": "15456144", "title": "INLD protests for Kanda's arrest", "text": "SIRSA: The call given by Indian National Lok Dal (INLD) to close down Sirsa remained successful and most shopkeepers in Sirsa city and adjoining areas like Rania, Ellenabad, Kalanwali had downed the shutters.The protest was led by INLD district president Padam Jain, who demanded immediate arrest of former Haryana home minister Gopal Kanda and the local legislator, after his name figured in the suicide case of Geetika Sharma, an ex-employee of Kanda-owned MDLR Airlines.The INLD activist requested shopkeepers to keep their businesses closed and support the bandh. Padam Jain, district president, INLD, said, \"Our workers protested peacefully. Our demand is the arrest of Gopal Kanda. We will decide further course of action if nothing is done by Monday.\" Some INLD activists even threw \"cow dung\" at Kanda's poster near his camp office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15455665", "title": "\u2018Colourful\u2019 Independence Day event moved to Red Road", "text": "KOLKATA: Deviating from a 64-year-old tradition , the Mamata Banerjee government has decided to shift the Independence Day programme from Writers' Buildings to Red Road.\"It's a good idea,\" said panchayat and rural development minister Subrata Mukherjee on Saturday. \"Every state has a colourful celebration of the Independence Day. But the Left Front government preferred to keep it low key and restricted it to a mere flag hoisting ceremony in front of Writers' . We are going to give the day its due importance and allow a large number of common people to take part in it.\"The minister added: \"The Prime Minister hoists the flag on Independence Day while Republic Day is conducted by the governor. We should make 15August a flamboyant affair instead of a colourless one.\"At the chief minister's behest, there will be an Independence Day pageant on Red Road, complete with police parade and tableau, breaking a tradition being followed since 1948.Traditionally, the parade is a Republic Day affair in the state, organised by the Army on the Red Road. The governor takes the salute from the armed forces and the police in the presence of the chief minister. Mamata had adhered to conventions last year, but this year she decided to make Independence Day celebrations a mass affair and shift the venue from BBD Bag to Red Road. All consulates in the city have been invited for the programme as well as the city's who's who and people from the world of culture.The hour-long programme will begin at 10.30 am with the CM's flag-hoisting . She will be given a guard of honour by different units of Kolkata Police, who will parade down the road the Army does on Republic Day. Around 12 tableaux will roll down the road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15454160", "title": "Odisha seeks more storage space for public distribution system", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government has requested the Centre to take steps to increase godown space for storage of public distribution system (PDS) materials and other stocks procured. The government, in a letter to Union ministry of consumer affairs, food and public distribution system on Friday, stated that Odisha has been facing huge shortage of godown space.At present, the state has storage space for 5.69 lakh MT against the requirement of 8.53 lakh MT. The letter stated that the government had already submitted a proposal to the Centre for creation of 90,000 MT of godown space. This apart, the state government had already taken steps for creation of additional 1.94 lakh MT of godown space under PEG scheme which are expected to be completed by March 2013.Earlier, chief minister Naveen Patnaik had met the Union minister for consumer affairs, food and public distribution K V Thomas, in New Delhi in March this year and requested to augment the storage capacity in the state to ensure uninterrupted implementation of PDS and other development programmes.The chief minister had stated that the existing combined storage capacity of Food Corporation of India (FCI) and Odisha State Civil Supplies Corporation (OSCSC) in Odisha is grossly inadequate when viewed against the quantum of paddy procured annually in the range of 25 lakh MTs to 30 lakh MTs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15455453", "title": "Nagpur has only 70 registered pet dogs!", "text": "NAGPUR: Even though Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has made it mandatory for pet owners to get pets registered, only 70 dogs (out of an approximately 15,000 in the city) are registered with the corporation.Last year (2011-12), only 206 people got their dogs registered, while in 2010-2011, 237 people procured licences for keeping pet dogs.Any registered dog found straying in a public place are liable to be seized. The NMC said all dogs above four months have to be registered by the owners with NMC by submitting a form along with a fee of Rs200 per dog and a copy of the dog's vaccination certificate.Owing to poor response from citizens who keep pet dogs, NMC has now entered into a five-year agreement with Indian Society for Animal Welfare (ISAW), an NGO, for issuing licences for dogs. The effort is aimed at helping end the stray dog menace and keep the city free of rabies.NMC's deputy director (health) Dr Milind Ganvir revealed that the NGO will register dogs after owners fill their form and pay a fee of Rs200 per year. The dogs will also be vaccinated free of cost during registration. With registration of every dog, NMC will get Rs145, while the NGO will get Rs55, said Dr Ganvir.In the beginning, the registration drive will be carried out only in Mahal hospital, said ISAW secretary Pramod Kanitkar. ISAW will also provide free treatment to animals. NMC has provided its veterinary hospital near Town Hall at Mahal to the NGO. The hospital will remain open from 8am to 12 noon and 3pm to 5pm.Registration also proves that the dog has been properly vaccinated, as during the registration process, a doctor's prescription of rabies vaccination is required, said Kanitkar.NMC's senior health officer Dr Ashok Urkude said that if citizens have any queries pertaining to registration and licence of pet dogs, they can contact Kanitkar on his mobile phone 9422102824.NMC's veterinary officer Dr G Mahalle warned that if any citizen fails to register his or her dog within one month, the civic body can seize the canine under section 348 of the corporation act. \"We will give three days to register and procure the licence, if the owner fails to do that then we will auction the dog,\" said Dr Mahalle.\"Lack of awareness among citizens may be responsible for the poor response from people,\" said corporator and NMC hospital committee chairperson Dr Safalta Ambatkar. She added that efforts are on to publicize through various media about the importance of getting pets registered.Gandhibagh zone chairperson and corporator Dr Uma Gathibandhe too appealed to Nagpurians to administer anti-rabies vaccine to their dogs. She explained that the vaccine is cheaper (Rs100 to Rs200) than the cost of post-bite rabies vaccination administered to victims of dog bites.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15455599", "title": "Family looted at knife point", "text": "NAGPUR: Three armed bike-borne robbers stunned a family of four, returning to their residence at Adyali village after attending a programme at a relative's place at Hudkeshwar, on Friday evening. The robbers kicked the Thakre family's bike before looting the victims of their valuables worth around Rs45,500 on Umrer Road.Kawdu Thakre, his wife and two children had come to Hudkeshwar to attend a puja on the occasion of Janmasthami at a relative's place. The incident took place when the family was heading back home. The robbers, likely to have followed the family, came from behind and knocked the bike down. The robbers wrenched cash Rs500 from Kawdu and also the gold chain belonging to his wife.The family approached the Hudkeshwar police station which has registered the offence.In another incident later in the evening, a woman was robbed of her gold chain near Laxmi Nagar chowk when she was returning home riding pillion to husband Prakash's scooter. Shubhangi Khanke's gold chain, worth Rs60,000, was snatched when the couple had reached Laxmi Nagar chowk. The couple was returning to their residence at Laxmi Nagar from Mahal when the incident took place. Dhantoli police has registered an offence of robbery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "rameswaram", "code": "15453723", "title": "Fishermen attempt to hand over voter IDs", "text": "RAMESWARAM: Fishermen here, who are on a relay hunger relay fast for the past five days, on Saturday attempted to hand over their voters' identity cards by dropping it in a box kept at the protest site.More than 3000 fishermen and their families from Thangachimadam, Susaiapparpattinam, Manthoppu, Anthoniarpuram, Raja Nagar and Victoria Nagar have been on the fast seeking the release of five held prisoners by Sri Lanka . However, later in the evening the fishermen leaders decided not to go ahead with the move and distributed the cards back to the people, sources said.U Arulanandam of Alliance for the Release of the Innocent Fishermen stated that though there is inaction from the Centre, the state government is rendering all its support and the fishermen leaders do not want to hurt the state government's feelings in any way. \"We are upset with the Centre over taking measures to release our innocent fishermen. As the state government supports us a great deal by understanding our plight, we don't want to create any trouble,\" he commented.The fishermen have planned a huge demonstration on Sunday to express their agitation in a large-scale and there is also opinion among the fishermen leaders that meeting the chief minister will help in this regard. \"We want to meet the chief minister to express our anguish over this issue. If she allots us some time to hear our pleas, it will be of great help,\" a fishermen leader said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15458786", "title": "'When I am with Madhuri, I have to dress properly'", "text": "A usually media shy Dr Shriram Nene talks about what it's like being 'Mr Madhuri Dixit'.While waiting for Madhuri Dixit-Nene for an interview, we see a cheerful Dr Shriram Nene pacing around the room, looking into his phone, talking to her staff. He's known to be reticent and media shy, sometimes he can be disarmingly honest. Madhuri is in Delhi to walk the ramp as showstopper for Anju Modi at the on-going PCJ Delhi Couture Week,and when we asked Dr Nene if he's brand conscious, he told us,\"I am a casual dresser,but it all depends on the occasion. If I am going out with her (Madhuri),I have to be dressed properly otherwise everyone makes a comment.\" At this point, Madhuri enters the room, so he walks up to her,and says,\"You look stunning! Can I take a picture?\" Everyone makes room as he takes out his phone to click her, and she comes over to see how she looks in it. For the next few minutes,we manage to talk to Dr Nene some more, who seems slightly apprehensive about doing an impromptu interview, but talks nonetheless. Coming back to India, under all this media glare,is it unnerving for him? \"It's certainly different but I grew up in LA and we had a lot of celebrities there. I trained at a place and worked with a lot of people who were in the media, so it's nothing new. Celebrities are people too, they put their pants on one leg at a time, they are no different than you and me. All they want is their privacy and you treat them like normal human beings,\" he says. In India, he's referred to as Mr Madhuri Dixit sometimes.Does that bother him? \"Why should it? I know who I am and she knows who I am.I'm very proud of her. We are both successful people and very comfortable with that fact.I think you're partners in a marriage and you have to behave like that,so as long as you respect each other's achievements it's fine,\" he says. But surely it can't be that simple for the kids? \"See, we don't buy into all this. She's very grounded and so am I. So what we do together is hardly a filmi scene,\" he says. Then he adds as an afterthought, \"The biggest question that people ask is why did you come back. And I say that our roots are here, we came back because we've achieved everything and there's nothing to prove and we want to do something good here. There's a lot of people we can help between us. There's a huge amount of things we can take care of and it's actually very rewarding. People will understand that we're people of few words and more actions and they'll appreciate that as things come to fruition.My patients still ask me, 'why did you go? We miss you.'But the issue is that there are 1.25 billion people here, so if you take your gifts and good fortune and try to use that for everyone's betterment,then hopefully we can lead by example so that other people can do the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15454255", "title": "Khadi apparel back in vogue", "text": "PATNA: Gone are the days when only men in power used to flaunt it. In recent years, even commoners show much interest in 'khadi' apparels. The sale shows an upward trend as shops are flooded with an assortment of designs and colours in khadi material. Even popular brands are entering the market.Devesh, owner of a shop in Maurya Lok Complex of the city, says, \"The demand for khadi has gone up considerably in the last five years. Earlier, 'khaddar' material used to be very thick. But, now, we have much refined cotton which comes at affordable prices.\"Asked how much the khadi materials cost, he says, \"Cotton saris' price starts at Rs 300 while a silk one begins at Rs 1000. White kurta material, especially popular among politicians, ranges between Rs 50 and Rs 1500 per metre.\"Khadi kurta is also becoming popular with young men. Samir Narayan, 25, an engineer, says, \"Donning a kurta with a pair of jeans is not only comfortable but looks very smart.\"Salesperson at a khadi shop says, \"Madhubani designs are very popular among ladies. The tops start at Rs 700 and silk suits at our shop are sold in the range of Rs 4,500 to 6,000.\"N K Chowdhary of Khadi Gramodyog Bhawan says, \"Unlike popular belief, khadi is not only about cotton clothes. A whole range of woollen merchandize comes in the stores around October. These include sweaters, jackets, shawls, gloves and blankets.\" He adds, \"Honey, soap, shampoo, shoes, incense sticks are also being sold with our khadi products.\"Asked about the peak season for khadi, Chowdhary explains, \"Major discount on khadi is given usually between October and March. Right now there is a 10% discount given by the producers under the Market Development Scheme.\"Richa Goswami, a second year college student who proudly exhibited her red and black khadi salwar suit, says, \"Khadi not only comes cheap but is skin-friendly as well. Variety in design and colour spoil us with choices.\" Her friend Shreya Sharma quips, \"Khadi looks chic as well as elegant.\"Speaking about various government schemes to boost khadi industry, Pravir Kumar, assistant director of Khadi and Village Industries Commission (KVIC), Bihar , says, \"Under the 'Sfurti' plan, government provides funds from Rs 50 lakhs to Rs 1 crore for machine and raw materials to set up a small khadi unit (with minimum 50 workers). The government also provides funds to artisans to set up shed.\"Kumar adds, \"Though most of the plans are focused on rural areas, even women in urban areas, who want to start boutiques or tailoring houses, are given government subsidy of about 35%.\"According to Devendra Thakur, auditor at KVIC, Bihar, \"New technology is being employed to weave khadi. Changes in the ball-bearing of the traditional 'charkha' have led to increase in production and the wages of the weavers.\"He adds, \"We have five retail shops in Patna. We sell clothes at no profit, no loss, which makes it cheaper than the khadi products at private shops.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15453922", "title": "Collector talks tough over Kumbh master plan", "text": "NASHIK: Since the delay in appointing a consultancy firm to devise a masterplan for the forthcoming 2015 Kumbh mela is likely to delay consequent infrastructural plans for the mega event, the district collectorate will now be advancing the deadline for the proposal from 34 to 24 weeks.The collectorate has decided to appoint Ernst &amp; Young as consultants to draft out the masterplan.While collectorate sources maintain that due to the collector's tight schedule the office has failed to find time to resolve the issue, the collector himself has said that the administration was planning to revise the deadline for preparing the draft plan.\"There is very little time for us to prepare for the mega event. Hence we have planned to cut down the agreement time to prepare the draft proposal. We have asked the company to revise the draft and in a meeting to be held shortly, we will ink the Rs 1.5-crore agreement,\" collector Vilas Patil said.According to sources, the meeting which was to be held on Friday has now been postponed to the following week, after August 15. The collector is busy with some meetings and the only time available to pencil in the meeting is after the Independence Day celebration,\" a senior official said.Earlier, Patil had reportedly expressed reservations about the aagreement over the need to appoint another agency for the same job when a draft for the development of the area had already been submitted by Travel Finance Corporation of India (TFCI).According to the earlier plans, E&Y; was expected to present two plans - the Kumbhmela plan scheduled for presentation in 28 weeks and Greater Nashik Plan to be readied in 34 weeks following the signing of the agreement. However the 34-week timeline has now been shrunk down to 24 weeks.A senior district official said that most of the government agencies associated with the Kumbh had already sent in their proposals, but these would require careful scrutiny.Sources said that the sooner the meeting between E&Y; and the collectorate was held, the better would it be for the administration to plan and implement features outlined in the proposal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15455084", "title": "Crowd holds breath for Baba Ramdev\u2019s plan", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ramlila Maidan was abuzz throughout Saturday with speculation about whether Baba Ramdev would chart out a pan-India movement or continue with his fast though the government has remained indifferent to his anti-black money protest. The yoga guru, however, only said \"a big announcement\" on the future course of action would be made on Sunday.The former army chief, General V K Singh, is also likely to join the campaign on Sunday after his open support for Team Anna during its recent fast at Jantar Mantar.\"We are waiting for the government to respond to our demands till evening and on Sunday there will be a big announcement. I cannot reveal the details now,\" said Ramdev at Ramlila Maidan where he has been sitting on the three-day symbolic fast since Thursday.Hinting that backroom talks are on, Ramdev added, \"We are talking to many people, including those in the government. Many MPs and senior functionaries of various political parties have individually pledged their support to us but a final decision will be taken only on the basis of the government response to our key demands \u2014 bringing back black money and enacting Lokpal Bill.\"The number of supporters at Ramlila Maidan continued to stand around 10,000 on Saturday despite the rain and Ramdev's absence for over five hours during the day. He addressed the supporters once during the day around 12pm and later in the evening around 5pm. \"Baba has been discussing with his close aides the future course of action,\" said an aide.In the evening, Ramdev condemned the violence in Mumbai and said a few words about the importance of media, while appealing to everyone to maintain peace under all circumstances.\"There are hundreds of thousands of farmers and agricultural workers who are buried under massive debt and struggling to make two ends meet on a daily basis. If black money to the tune of Rs 40,000 crore is brought back to the country, these farmers might be freed from debt. This will benefit everyone in the community,\" he said to a thunderous applause from the crowd.Ramdev also commended the supporters for their loyal support to the cause. \"People have come from far corners of the country and have been camping at the Maidan since August 7 to lend their strength to the movement. Looking at this marvelous response, I feel that India has awakened, where every citizen is willing to fight for his rights and will not tolerate corruption any longer. I urge everyone to walk along with us in this fight,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "15457382", "title": "Ration shops to down shutters on August 13", "text": "Thrissur: Ration shops across Thrissur district in Kerala will remain closed on Monday, August 13, said Sebastian Choondal, state secretary of the All-Kerala Retail Ration Dealers' Association.He alleged that the authorities are a big failure in delivering the ration items on time, which badly affect their business. \"The authorities fail in delivering the assured quota items to ration shops on time in one side and order raid hardheartedly on the other side. Also, they are supplying poor quality atta these days, which affect our goodwill. Fed up with authorities' carelessness and torture, we have decided to close down our ration shops on Monday as token strike,\" he said.The ration dealers, led by the association leaders, will hold a dharna in front of the Thrissur Collectorate on Monday urging the authorities to speed up delivery of items in full quota.The decision to close down shops on Monday was taken in a district general council meeting held the other day. Association's district office-bearers P Unnikrishnan, PR Sundaran, PT Kochappan, PK Narendradas, VK Pradeepkumar, K Sethumadhavan, KP Unnikrishnan and TA Gopi spoke in the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "15455298", "title": "Waste treatment plant for Pernem by September", "text": "MAPUSA: The commissioning of the garbage treatment plant for the Pernem municipality has been delayed because of the technical errors while releasing the tender for the work and delay in the installations of the machinery.The plant, which was supposed to be inaugurated before the onset of the monsoon in the month of June, is now expected to be commissioned in mid-September.Chairperson of the Pernem municipal council (PMC) Vasudev Deshprabhu informed TOI that the tender for the setting up of the garbage treatment plant was released without taking into account the electricity fitting work and the plumbing work. \"The engineer who has readied the tender made a mess. The tender for the garbage treatment plant was issued without including the work of the electricity fittings and the plumbing work. It should have been the composite tender,\" said PMC chairperson Vasudev Deshprabhu.\"We have issued a separate tender for plumbing work earlier this week. Government has not yet released the funds for the electricity fitting work,\" he added.Deshprabhu said that hopefully the funds will be released next week and a short tender will be issued next week.The commencement of the plant is also delayed because of the delay in fitting the plastic shredding unit at the plant.\"Hopefully if all the machinery is provided as per plan we will be commencing the plant before Ganesh Chathurti,\" the civic chief said.The garbage treatment plant is coming up in the 30,000 sq m of land at the Pernem plateau near the Pernem ITI complex. The total cost of the project is 3 crore, including the land acquisition.The garbage treatment facility comprises a treatment plant and a garbage disposer and the plant can treat up to 10 tonnes of garbage daily.Pernem town generates waste of only two tonnes per day and about four tonnes on a Thursday, which is a market day. As the waste management plant will not receive sufficient garbage on a daily basis, the municipality has plans to lift the garbage generated in other villages in Pernem taluka.The four villages of Korgao, Mandrem, Morjim and Arambol have approached the municipality to treat their garbage. Korgao and Mandrem produce garbage of about one tonne per day while Morjim and Arambol produce 1.5 tonnes per day.The municipality is working on the modalities on how to go about it.After commencing the plant, Pernem will become the second town in North Goa after Bicholim to go high-tech with regards to solving the garbage problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15455676", "title": "Konkani transliteration software released", "text": "MANGALORE: Of the five-different scripts for Konkani, four are on board the Konkanverter -- the first Konkani script conversion utility -- which was dedicated for universal use on Saturday. This sums up efforts by Team Vishwa Konkani at World Konkani Centre to bridge the script row and tear down walls that is keeping literature written in Devanagari, Romi, Kannada, Malayalam and Perso-Arabic from being read and appreciated by users of the other script.This free-to-use beta version of the software can be accessed on www.konkanverter.com and has already been tried and tested by people since two days ahead of the formal launch, which was on Saturday. The only person to have used this software extensively is poet Melwyn Rodrigues who has transliterated his Kannada works in to Devanagari script as part of the extensive field trials carried out by the World Institute of Konkani Language (WIKL) of the Centre.U Ramdas Kamath, senior vice-president, Infosys Technologies said the Konkanverter is a technological tool in the hands of human beings for progress and to foster harmony among the users of various scripts. The software has given the opportunity to bring four out of five different scripts used for the language on to a common platform and the fifth script, the Perso-Arabic script, used extensively by the Navayaths of Bhatkal will be on board soon.Rev Fr Francis Rodrigues, editor, Raknno Konkani weekly hailed the efforts of Gurudath Bantwalkar, assistant director, WIKL and his team in bringing out transliteration software. Describing it as a bridge, Francis said works of literature in one script can now be read and understood by the other and this has come at a time when walls are being built among human beings in the name of religion, caste, creed and many other frivolous factors.Basti Vaman Shenoy, president of WKC, describing the launch of Konkaverter as a historical event said the software has to be popularised among all Konkani speaking people across the country for its efficacy to be analysed. \"We intend to hold familiarisation classes for writers of different scripts either at the centre or in their respective places,\" he added. Basti honoured Vinodh Rajan, a language transliteration expert who wrote the codes for Konkaverter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15458809", "title": "I have learnt a lot about dance and myself: Ravi Kishan", "text": "The Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa-5 competition is getting intense and the week-on-week eliminations is slowly dwindling down the numbers.This week, superstar Ravi Kishan's journey came on an end on the show. The Bhojpuri actor joined the Jhalak brigade of contestants extremely apprehensive about foraying into dance, but through his performance proved to the judges and audiences that he can move!Portraying versatility in his performances, Ravi's elimination came as a shock to everyone. The actor had consistently innovated throughout his journey and even tried his hand at international dance forms like Salsa, Tango and Cha-Cha-Cha.The journey which Ravi embarked on to please his daughter may have come to an end, but Ravi has created a mark for himself on the show. Being the 7th contestant to be eliminated from the show, Ravi was up against Darsheel and Giaa for elimination.However, in the end, the lack of audience votes affected the outcome and Ravi stood ousted from the competition.When asked about his journey on 'Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa' , being the superstar that he is, Ravi Kishan said, \"My decision to participate in 'Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa' was purely for my daughter. I wanted her to be proud of me, and I know I have achieved it. During rehearsals, all of us were like a happy family. I have learnt a lot about dance and myself during the show and I am leaving with a lot of happy memories.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15454134", "title": "Woman\u2019s bid to hide heroin goes bust", "text": "CHENNAI: Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) officers on Saturday seized 1.5kg of heroin from a woman bound for Kuwait at the Chennai airport. The contraband, said to be worth about 1.5 crore, was hidden inside the woman's blouse. This is the third case of heroin seizure in the last 30 days at Chennai airport.Dadardi Palagiri of Kadapa district in Andhra Pradesh was about to board an Air India flight to Kuwait when she was stopped by CISF personnel around 4.30pm. Her behaviour in the queue for security check allegedly made the officers suspicious.\"Our officers instantly sensed there was something fishy about the woman. She appeared tense and failed to respond to their questions,\" said a source.Dadardi was taken to an enclosure, adjacent to door-frame metal detectors, where women passengers are frisked. The metal detector checks did not reveal anything so CISF women constables were asked to do a thorough body check. During initial frisking, they suspected she was hiding something on her person. A detailed check revealed heroin sachets cleverly concealed inside her blouse. The woman and the contraband were handed over to customs.Sources said customs officials were questioning the woman to find out from where she received the contraband and where she was carrying it. Checks are also on to find out if she was on her own or if she was being used as a carrier.A senior customs official said there had been a steady increase in the number of drug seizures in the last one month. \"The frequency of cases is on the rise. We arrested three passengers in the last 30 days and seized a huge quantity of heroin and ephedrine,\" said the officer.According to customs officers, Chennai airport is mostly used as a transit for smuggling heroin and other contraband worth crores in the international market. Investigations after previous attempts revealed that the origin of most smuggling rackets is Sri Lanka.\"Using Chennai as a transit point, items are smuggled to southeast Asian countries and the middle-east,\" said a customs officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15453961", "title": "Dengue, malaria cases on the rise in Pune", "text": "PUNE: This monsoon, cases of dengue and malaria in the city are on the rise. Representative data of three hospitals and one accredited pathology laboratory has revealed 73 dengue and 41 malaria cases in last 40 days. However, the actual number of patients down with dengue and malaria is likely to be higher as only about 20% of such cases need hospitalisation.Accumulation of water, increasing construction activity, piling up of garbage, lack of public awareness vis-a-vis personal anti-mosquito measures, and inadequate mosquito management have aggravated the situation, say experts.\"We have tested blood samples of 108 patients for dengue in the last 40 days. Of them, 25 have tested positive. We test at least one positive dengue case every day at our lab,\" said pathologist Awanti Golwilkar-Mehendale of the Golwilkar Metropolis Laboratory, which is among the few accreditated path labs in Pune.Surgeon Dhananjay Kelkar, medical director of the Deenanath Mangeshkar hospital added: \"Since July, we have found 18 positive dengue cases and 7 malaria cases till date. All of these tests were carried out at our in-house pathology laboratory.\"Sahyadri Hospital, Deccan branch, also reported steady flow of dengue and malaria cases. \"Since July, we have treated 17 positive dengue cases and 21 malaria cases at our hospital till date. The blood samples were tested at our in-house pathlab of our hospital's Deccan branch,\" said Rajkumar Ambad, chief operative officer of the Sahyadri group of hospitals.Lajpatrai Arya, chief operating officer, Jehangir hospital, said they had treated 13 positive dengue cases and 11 confirmed malaria cases since June.Physician Sanjay Agarwal said, \"If anyone is suffering from fever as high as 103/104 degrees Fahrenheit, along with headache, body pain, dehydration and nausea, it's best to consult a doctor right away.\"Fever triggered by the dengue virus does not respond to the normal dosage of paracetamol, say doctors. If left untreated, the viral attack could lead to secondary infections affecting organs like the liver, kidney and the heart.Health officials of the Pune Municipal Corporation also admit to the rise in mosquito-borne infections. \"There is definitely a rise in dengue and malaria cases in Pune. But, the situation is not alarming,\" said S T Pardeshi, medical officer of health, PMC.According to PMC's records, there are only 6 dengue and 25 malaria cases in the city between June and August. \"The PMC has asked private hospitals and pathology labs for data of patients, but they do not submit daily case reports of dengue, malaria and other communicable diseases,\" Pardeshi said.\"Precautionary measures are being taken in slums, with insecticides sprayed at mosquito breeding sites. But since the mosquito, aedes aegypti, which spreads dengue, breeds in fresh water, it is imperative for every household to observe one day a week as 'dry day', when all utensils and tanks are emptied and cleaned. This is an effective measure at the domestic level,\" Pardeshi said.The civic administration undertakes fogging and spraying in all wards at least twice a week. \"The health department has been put on alert and civic hospitals have been instructed to be ready in case the number of patients rises,\" he added.\"A record of mosquito breeding sites is maintained by the staff through the year. It was found that most breeding grounds for dengue mosquito are inside homes,\" Pardeshi said.\"Vector mosquitoes breed mostly in earthenware, metal drums and concrete cisterns used for domestic water storage as well as discarded plastic food containers, old tyres and other items that collect rainwater. Proper disposal of solid waste and improved water storage practices, which includes covering containers, should be followed,\" Pardeshi said.Blaming urbanisation for rapid spread of dengue, consulting infectious disease expert Bharat Purandare said, \"Water stored for construction purpose are ideal breeding places for mosquitoes that spread dengue. Using mosquito nets and repellents will help keep a check.\"Keep mosquitoes away* Discard unwanted things lest they become breeding ground for mosquitoes* Keep water vessels clean and covered* Take prompt medical advice in case of fever* Remove water collected in plates under potted plants. Avoid using plates* Loosen soil in pots to prevent accumulation of water* Do not keep tray or receptacles under or on top of air-conditioners* Change water in flower vases daily. Clean and scrub the inside of vases* Prevent accumulation of water* Use repellentsAbout dengue* Transmitted by the bite of Aedes mosquito; symptoms appear in 3 to 14 days* Symptoms include mild to incapacitating high fever with severe headache, pain behind eyes, muscle and joint pain, and even rashes* No specific medication* If infected, maintain hydration. Use of acetylsalicylic acid (e.g. aspirin) and non steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (e.g. Ibuprofen ) is not recommended* Dengue haemorrhagic fever (abdominal pain, vomiting, bleeding) is a potentially lethal complication, affecting mainly children* Early clinical diagnosis necessary* Patient treated with Paracetamol to bring down fever and advised to drink lots of fluidsAbout malaria* Caused by Plasmodium parasites, which is spread to humans by Anopheles mosquitoes. Infected mosquitoes bite mainly between dusk and dawn* Symptoms: fever, shivering, pain in joints, headaches, repeated vomiting, convulsions and coma* If left untreated, may lead to death. Children under 5 years, pregnant women most susceptible", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15454756", "title": "Did Geetika Sharma undergo abortion?", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a new twist in the Geetika Sharma case, police sources said on Saturday that they were trying to verify a 'claim' by MDLR manager, Aruna Chaddha, that she had taken Geetika to a private clinic in Lajpat Nagar for termination of pregnancy. Geetika's family, however, sees this as a vilification campaign and a veiled threat from Gopal Kanda to back off. Kanda continued to evade the cops for the seventh day.The police custody of Aruna was extended by a day by a Rohini court after the police said they were still to recover some crucial papers.The police are planning to verify Chaddha's claim, made during her interrogation, by taking her to the clinic. They will be questioning Geetika's family too. Her suicide note had given no such indication.Speaking to TOI, Geetika's brother, Ankit, said: \"This is character assassination. They are trying to scare us by making these claims. If this was true, we would have known.\" Geetika's mother said she was hundred per cent sure that this was incorrect.Meanwhile, highly-placed sources said a team of Delhi Police had picked up Kanda's nephew (sister's son-in-law), a receptionist from MDLR office and the caretaker of Kanda's farmhouse for questioning on Saturday. This is seen as a strategy to build pressure on Kanda, who has remained elusive after Delhi Police wasted the first few days in \"collecting evidence\", will-nilly giving him enough time to set the board.Those detained on Saturday are being questioned about Kanda's whereabouts, activities, his relationship with Geetika and on certain papers seized from the MDLR office. The caretaker is likely to be questioned about visitors. On Saturday, a team of National Commission for Women also visited the MDLR office in Gurgaon and collected details.Meanwhile, experts from the cyber cell of police visited Geetika's house on Saturday to seek the family's help in cracking her email password. The police have been unsuccessful so far in gaining access to the inbox. \"It is quite possible that somebody else had access to Geetika's inbox and changed her password,\" said a source. The mail inbox may proved to be critical for the police expect it to have all the communication she had with Kanda and his associates. This can be used as evidence in court.A senior officer confirmed that they had not yet been able to ascertain the number of calls Kanda made to Geetika. \"Unless the mobile numbers used by Kanda to communicate with Geetika are verified, we cannot arrive at any count,\" he added.Several raids in Delhi, Haryana and Chandigarh - over 40 places - have yielded the police no results and Kanda has been able to dodge them. On Friday, Kanda's counsel had said that he would join the investigations if he is not threatened with arrest.The police are keen to find out what happened between March 31 and July 1 in 2009 when Geetika was in Goa. Sources said the cops suspect that it was after Goa that Geetika began to distance herself from Kanda - she had come to know a lot about the man by then. According to statements by the family, it appears that Geetika was upset after she discovered Kanda's 'new' face and his alleged relations with other women.It has been revealed that on March 31, Geetika was issued a letter of relocation and re-designation and sent to Goa as the 'coordinator of MDLR group'. Till March 30, she was an ordinary senior cabin crew. In Goa, she came across another woman working at the offshore casino, Mint Cruise vessel. The police said she was the same woman whom Geetika had named in her suicide note, alleging that she had a child from Kanda.During her stint in Goa, she had constant fights with this woman and Bollywood starlet Nupur Mehta and this allegedly led to a situation in which Geetika lodged an FIR against the duo amidst high drama, accusing them of threatening her and stealing her belongings. She was immediately called back and transferred from MDLR group to MDLR hotels. Nine months later, Geetika resigned from the company for the first time.After resigning on May 22, 2010, Geetika joined Emirates on June 29 but the family alleged that Kanda did not leave her alone and continued to pester her. If they are to be believed, Kanda even went to Dubai with Aruna Chaddha and asked her to return and join the company.When this failed, the family alleged, Kanda and his wife, Saras Kanda, visited Geetika's house and pleaded with her mother to convince Geetika to join the company. Geetika's mother has alleged that Kanda fell at her feet and apologized for sending emails to Emirates giving a false character report which reportedly led to her termination later.On August 12, Geetika quit Emirates and subsequently returned to India. After this, Kanda offered her the post of 'director of corporate affairs' at the MDLR group on a salary of Rs 60,000 per month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "model town", "code": "15454916", "title": "\u2018Build bridge over Model Town line\u2019", "text": "MODEL TOWN: City residents continue to suffer as the authorities have failed to construct a bridge over the railway line near Ishmeet Chowk in Model Town.Being one of the busiest roads in city, residents rue that they have to wait for hours to get through to the traffic jams that are caused when the road is blocked for trains. Jagmeet Singh, a businessman and resident of Model Town, said, \"Whenever a train has to pass by, the railway authorities block the road for commuters.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15453926", "title": "Public transport users to get forum for redressal of complaints", "text": "PUNE: Public transport users in the city will now be able to get a forum for the redressal of their complaints related to services of the Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Limited, as the transport company has decided to hold 'Pravasi Din' - on the lines of the Lokshahi Din, organised by various government departments for hearing complaints from citizens.The first Pravasi Din will be held on September 3, between 10 am and 12 noon. PMPML officials said the complaints redressal day will be held on the first Monday of every month at all the ten bus depots in the city and neighboring Pimpri-Chinchwad.Citizens who have made their complaints about the bus services will be able to get replies from officials within a month's time, during the next Pravasi Din, PMPML officials said. The Pravasi Din has been initiated to improve the services, officials added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15447722", "title": "Apple sold 15 times more phones than Samsung in US: Court filing", "text": "LONDON: South Korean mobile maker Samsung sold just 1.4 million units of Galaxy tablets while Apple sold 34 million iPads, documents filed in the bitter court battle between the two technology giants have revealed.The latest evidence to be released in the San Jose trial between Apple and Samsung also showed that Samsung sold 4.1 million Galaxy S II phones, out of a total of 21 million sold to US mobile phone carriers since April 2010.The new revelations could be embarrassing for Samsung, which has repeatedly declined to put figures on its shipments or sales of smartphones or tablets since early 2011, preferring instead only to give revenue figures.The documents showed that, for the comparative period with Samsung's, Apple shipped a total of 34 million iPads, 62.8 million iPhones and 25.3 million iPod Touches, The Telegraph reports.Overall, it shipped a total of 85.9 million iPhones, 46.5 million iPod Touches and 34 million iPads since 2007 in the US.According to the paper, comparing Samsung's 21 million smartphones shipped to Apple's 62.8 million is difficult because Samsung sells other phones that are not alleged to infringe Apple designs, while Apple sells only the iPhone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "15453606", "title": "MLA sets a precedent, donates blood at Hazaribag hospital", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Local MLA Sourav Narayan Singh raised a strong protest over the present state of affairs in the Sadar hospital blood bank where even a single unit of blood is not available. He checked the blood bank register in presence of civil surgeon Binay Kumar and the secretary of Red Cross cum MO of the blood bank C P Choudhury and found the blood bank to be virtually defunct.ToI carried a report on Friday highlighting the situation in the sadar hospital blood bank. In fact he found the bank was non-functional over one month and did not have stock to cater to emergency purposes.The two doctors present there informed him that local people were not coming forward to donate blood voluntarily. The civil surgeon said, with the efforts of the authorities here a blood donation camp has been organized on August 13.Setting an example, the MLA and his workers donated blood in the bank on Friday for meeting the requirement of emergency patients. The MLA also assured that he will see that more blood is donated in this bank. Addressing a press conference in the blood bank after his inspection, Singh alleged that DC and SDO were responsible for the pitiable condition of the blood bank.He claimed funds provided by him for helping the poor and needy were not distributed due to red-tape.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15453941", "title": "Pune Cantonment Board increased property tax by 900%: SGS Mall", "text": "PUNE: The SGS Mall has alleged that the Pune Cantonment Board (PCB) has unjustly made an increase of \"900%\" in the annual property tax, whereas the hike in property tax is around 20% for the other commercial properties in the cantonment limits.Subhash Gulati, CMD, SGS Mall, told reporters that the mall was set up in November 2006 while its property tax assessment was carried out by the Cantonment in 2008. He said the mall was paying the annual property tax of Rs 19.54 lakh every year, in advance. There are no tax dues and even the property tax for 2012-13 has been paid, he said, adding that in 2010 the PCB revised the property tax of the mall, increasing it to Rs 1.80 crore from Rs 19.54 lakh.Arti Jogalekar, legal advisor and consul, SGS Group, said the mall had appealed to the PCB to reconsider the massive hike. \"But the PCB sent us a letter on February 2, 2012, rejecting the request. Hence, we moved the Bombay High Court on February 7, 2012. The PCB advocate requested the High Court for transferring the application to the district court in Pune,\" she said.Gulati claimed it was not legal on part of the PCB to seal the entire property. \"It should have sealed only a part of the property worth of the disputed tax recovery. The SGS Mall is worth Rs 500 crore. The district court directed us to pay thrice the amount of Rs 19.54 lakh till 3 pm on Friday. We paid the amount before the deadline, but PCB was late in opening the sealed establishment. Footfalls at the mall on weekends which is from Friday to Sunday, is between 5,000 to 7,000 daily. On weekdays, it is around 4,000. But due to the sealing of the mall and the adverse publicity, there has been a 30 to 40% fall in the footfalls today.\"He said, \"The outlets in the mall are our associate partners. We pay the property tax of the entire mall to the Cantonment. Still the Cantonment sent property tax bills to the individual outlets. We have repeatedly informed the PCB to send the tax bill only to us and not to the individual outlets but in vain.The Cantonment has been harassing our associate partners who operate the outlets for the past six years by sending them property tax bills.\"Gulati alleged, \"In view of the recent bomb blasts our employees requested the Cantonment officials to not to close down the 70 CCTV cameras in the mall premises but still they switched off all the cameras.\"Subhash Kadam, chief revenue superintendent, PCB, when contacted, said, \"The Cantonment has increased the property tax of SGS Mall as per the Cantonment Act 2006 rules by 27%. The total property tax dues of the mall and the shops inside is Rs 6.24 crore. They have paid Rs 2.4 crore till now, which includes Rs 1.12 crore as per the district court directives. The Cantonment had attached only the office of the mall owner and some shops and not the entire mall. The shops inside the mall are tenants, who are sent property tax bills by the Cantonment but they do not pay the taxes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15455254", "title": "Iskcon disowns Hare Krishna movement", "text": "HYDERABAD: The International Society for Krishna Consciousness (Iskcon) on Saturday disowned the Hare Krishna Movement (HKM), an initiative of Iskcon Bangalore, and claimed it had nothing to do with them.Addressing a press conference, Iskcon's Hyderabad president Vedanta Caitanya Das alleged that HKM had fraudulently got several properties, including the Lakshminarasimha temple land in NBT, Banjara Hills, by using the name of Iskcon.\"There are several pending cases between Iskcon and HKM, headed by Madhu Pandit Das, president of Iskcon, Bangalore. Das is continuing in Iskcon, Bangalore, since a case is pending in the SC,\" Caitanya Das said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15455963", "title": "Mohammed Zafar drives home importance of biz ethics", "text": "BHOPAL: Ramzan of 2010 had just begun. As the sunset neared and delectable aromas wafted across the air, Mohammed Zafar, wasn't excited about 'iftar'. He was perturbed that people had to pay twice as much for 'iftari' in New Market compared to those in the old city. For Zafar sitting idle was not an option. His intervention forced a rate revision, for the better. And the upshot was after making a point about the importance of fair pricing, he shut the shop.\"Miyan, woh toh sab nukti-khaarey aur bhaajiye ke manmaney bhav leh rahey,\" said Zafar, who owns a shop in New Market.During Ramzan, temporary food stalls come up in markets, selling bhajiya, nukti, khaarey, mangoda, papad. It caters to a number of people, who do not go home for iftar and have to break their fast in mosques or their shops.Zafar, a businessman himself, understood the margins well. He challenged pricing of sellers outside the Jama Masjid of New Market. He set up his iftar stall, which sold the same items, but for half the price, even lower than the price in old city.\"I was not into it to make a profit,\" said Zafar. \"I used quality inputs and hired the best cook,\" he added. There was resentment to Zafar's move and some in the masjid committee did try to coerce him, but only unsuccessfully.\"Char din mein sab ki chaal badal gai, miyan. Mein bolta hoon kamai karo magar itne nahin ke rozedaar pareshaan ho,\" said Zafar.Zafar's stall continued that whole ramzan. He never admits how much loss he incurred, but anyone purchasing 'iftari' from a stall outside the New Market mosque, knows who to thank.Bilgrami family and RamzanUnlike most, seheri and iftar (eating something before dawn and breaking of fast) are a swift affair for the Bilgrami family during the month of Ramzan. Yet there is a tradition of enormous flavours and adding variety to recipes, every day.\"People typically undergo the purification ritual of fasting as a means to cleanse the spirit, body or both,\" explained Fazal Bilgrami.\"I love bhajiyas, especially the way my mother makes them,\" said Shazia Bilgrami. Instead of just having diced onions, one can add some spinach too. Deep fried spinach bhajiya dipped in red-chilly, coriander and mint and tamarind chutni is just unbelievable at iftar time, he added.\"It's instant sehri and iftari for me. Instead we like to have early dinner,\" said Farhan.Bilgrami's Ramzan favouriteFruit saladBhajiyaMirch pakoraPotato chips with chutniPapadLemonade", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "dimapur", "code": "15455881", "title": "Congmen protest frequent power cuts", "text": "DIMAPUR: Members of the District Congress Committee (DCC), Dimapur along with its Anti-Corruption Cell members picketed outside the offices of the electricity department in Dimapur on Thursday prompting the department officials to rush to their respective offices to address the issue and resolve the crisis. They demanded uninterrupted power supply in the district.Congress leaders and workers protested in front of four offices of the electricity department at Nagarjan and Chumukedima. They locked the gates, prevented the staff from entering the offices and displayed placards demanding the power crisis in the district be resolved at the earliest.Deputy Commissioner of Dimapur, Husheli Sema with other staff rushed to Burma Camp power station and met the Congress leaders and executive engineers of the power department insisting them to resolve the issue.During the meeting with departmental officials, DCC president, Kughato Aye and convenor of Anti-Corruption Cell, H Kisheto Chishi highlighted the problems faced by people due to frequent power cuts for long hours in Dimapur and pointed out that the department had not taken adequate steps to replace the faulty transformers at Nagarjan power house demanding that those be replaced immediately.The Congress leaders gave a six-day ultimatum to the power department to resolve the crisis in Dimapur and said they would resume their protest by locking up the office of chief engineer if satisfactory actions are taken within the deadline.Expressing concern over the insufficient power supply, the Congress leaders said the department should take steps to check rampant power thefts. They suggested that the department should keep sufficient spare transformers to replace the existing ones in case of damage beyond repair.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15453865", "title": "With 20,500 autos running on CNG, demand for new outlets rise", "text": "PUNE: As the latest statistics available with the Regional Transport Office (RTO) suggests, as many as 20,567 autorickshaws (around 45% of the total number of autorickshaws) and 4,501 private cars switched to CNG in the last two years, the demand for more CNG refilling stations receives significant weightage. Expressing the need for more refilling stations, owners of these vehicles point out that the existing ones prove inadequate as they remain crowded all through the day.\"Since 2009, when the government made it mandatory for autos to switch to CNG, we have registered a significant rise in the number of autorickshaws opting for CNG. In a month, we receive approximately 500 applications for fitness certificates from vehicles that have CNG kits installed. The 4,501 private vehicles that have CNG kits installed in them are mostly cars,\" said an RTO official.Baba Shinde, former member of the Regional Transport Authority (RTA), said, \"There is a sizable difference in the prices of CNG and petrol. In Pune, the CNG is available at Rs 39.50/kg, while a litre of petrol, with oil, costs Rs 78. As autorickshaw drivers have realized that a CNG-run autorickshaw gives better mileage than that running on petrol, and the numbers of CNG-run vehicles have gone up, it has become necessary to have more CNG refilling stations in the city.\"Shinde also expressed a need to expedite the process of disbursing CNG subsidy to autorickshaw drivers.The officials of Maharashtra Natural Gas Limited (MNGL) said they were planning to open three additional outlets in the city in the next two-and-a-half months.Officials said, at present, CNG is available at the 15 outlets in Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad. Of this, seven are operated by the BPCL, four by HPCL, one by IOC and remaining two by MNGL. MNGL also plans to open 10 more outlets in the city within the next one year.MNGL officials said some proposals failed to move ahead as they were pending at various stages for no objection certificates from various departments. \"We expect to take the proposals to the next level, as the district collector has assured to set up a one-window system to expedite the process of granting permissions,\" said officials.BOXGreen wheels* Total vehicles with CNG kits: 25,068* Autorickshaws with CNG kits: 20,567* Private cars with CNG kits: 4,501* CNG outlets in Pune and Pimpri Chinchwad: 15* CNG outlets planned in next one year: 13", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15458174", "title": "Saif to play action hero again", "text": "After his home production Agent Vinod, Saif Ali Khan is once again donning the action hero garb in producer Rahul Mittra's Bullet Raja. This film, like Mittra's previous Saheb Biwi Aur Gangster, will also be directed by Tigmanshu Dhulia.Says Mittra, \"Saif is doing our next film which will go on the production floors later this year. The film will be shot in and around Lucknow, with some bits in Mumbai and Kolkata. Saif is a brilliant actor and a popular star apart from being a great human being.\"The film is backdropped against a mafia based in Uttar Pradesh and will be a complete action entertainer. \"While Saif will play the main protagonist, Jimmy Sheirgill will play his gangster friend,\" says Mittra.With Tigmanshu already having come into success from his previous partnership with Mittra in Saheb Biwi Aur Gangster , which is all set for its sequel Saheb Biwi Aur Gangster Returns anytime now, notwithstanding his acting venture in the immensely successful Gangs Of Wasseypur , how safe is it going to be for him to cast Saif in his next directorial venture, remains to be seen!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15455348", "title": "Konkanverter to Konkanis' aid", "text": "PANAJI: A ray of hope flashed in the hearts of Konkanis, scattered largely in four states of the country and the world beyond, as a team of enthusiasts pioneered a software in Mangalore to build a bridge between Konkani's five scripts on Saturday.Konkanverter, an online, free-to-use, automatic script converter for Konkani, was launched at a colourful function at the World Konkani Centre (WKC), Mangalore. \"The software will help transliterate Konkani literature from one script to another for easy readability, while retaining its dialect and grammar,\" Gurudath Bantwalkar, assistant director, World Institute of Konkani Language, WKC, told STOI from Mangalore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15454185", "title": "Sunshine amid the frost", "text": "Despite what the Met says, expect snow next week. At least at the NCPA, where a clever new adaptation of Hans Christian Andersen's classic, The Snow Queen, is due to blow in. The 19th-century Danish fairytale has been given new life and licence by playwright and former journalist Anupama Chandrasekhar. Anupama, five plays old, was invited to adapt the classic for Unicorn Theatre, a children's theatre in the UK. The play debuted in London in December for the Christmas run. It has since been produced by Trestle Theatre - a mask and physical theatre company that specialises in physical theatre for the age group of 11 to 25 - and supported by the British Council.Andersen's tale is about a young girl, Gerda, who braves changing seasons and an assorted crew of characters, selfish and kind, to find her best friend Kai. The boy has been kidnapped by the Snow Queen and holed away in her desolate kingdom of frost. In Chandrasekhar's hands, the story is translocated from Denmark to India, Gerda and Kai take shape as Gouri and Kumar, and seasons transmute into landscapes. In her retelling of it, a freak snowstorm rises in Kanyakumari and in the midst of it, Kumar is whisked away by the Snow Queen who, in this version, is a bereaved mother cloistered in the Himalayas. Gouri expectedly sets out to rescue her friend, crossing different geographies, from the verdant rice terraces of the south, to the autumnal plains of central India and finally to the icebox up north. \"I was looking for parallels,\" says Chandrasekhar, \"and while Gerda's journey traversed several climates, I had to look at geographical stand-ins because India doesn't have the same climatic range of Europe.\"The heart of the fairy tale - about unconditional friendship and true love - is intact though, even the body has been altered. So where Gerda encounters a prince and princess in the original, here the equivalents are two Bollywood actors - the modern simulacra of royalty; where she is helped by two old crones, her allies here are an autorickshaw driver and a security guard. But perhaps the most appropriate swap of all is the robber's child with a bandit child from Chambal, who like the rioters in Britain last year steals iPhones and TVs, arguing that there is no other way she can have them. The arid valley is also a fitting proxy for Andersen's autumn with its colours of rust. When Gouri eventually reaches the 'snow queen', she realises the woman has been numbed and rendered unfeeling by the pain of loss of her son to war. It explains why (where the original doesn't) she kidnaps Kumar in the first place.The production is a minimalist one, with music, props and the action itself signalling narrative progression. There are also two dance pieces -Indian classical and modern -spliced with the narrative. These, says Rosamunde Hutt, the director, are not suggestive of an application of an 'Indian formula' but convey the highly physical bent of Trestle Theatre. \"When producing theatre for young audiences, we follow a multilayered approach, where music and dance are all part of a very physical vocabulary,\" says Hutt. Snow Queen is set to an original score written by Arun Ghosh. \"The whole story is accompanied by a soundtrack that's almost filmic in a way,\" Hutt says. The play is enacted by a cast of six multi-ethnic actors of Indian, Pakistani, Nigerian, Rwandan and Sri Lankan extraction.Even though it has been produced for children, this Snow Queen hopes to warm the whole tribe.Shows at Experimental Theatre, NCPA on Aug14 and 16 at 6:30 pm and Aug15 at 6 pm.Matinee shows for schools on all three dates from 11am to 1 pm. Entry by prior registration only. Contact the British Council at 67486748", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "bijapur", "code": "15453735", "title": "CM invites opposition leaders to join delegation to Delhi", "text": "BIJAPUR: Chief minister Jagadish Shattar invited opposition party leaders to join the delegation to New Delhi for pressurizing the central government to release more funds to the state for drought relief measures.After laying foundation stone at Masuti village in Basavana Bagewadi taluk on Saturday for UKP III stage Mulwad lift irrigation scheme work, he urged the Union government to share at least 75% of the Rs 3,600-crore waiver of farm loans.He further said that all irrigation works will be completed within the stipulated time in the state. There is no dearth of funds to complete the irrigation projects, he added.Water resource minister Basavaraj Bommai said, \"Farmers are not only producers , but also consumers. If farmers' interest is protected then the whole nation will be saved,\" Bommai said.Earlier Jagadish Shattar laid the foundation stone for Rs 33 crore project for filling nine tanks under the Bhima river water scheme at Chadachan village in Indi taluk. He also handed over the newly built houses under Asare scheme to beneficiaries of Dasur, Umaraj, Nivaragi, Chanegon, Takali villages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15455432", "title": "Centre asks states to be on guard, keeps forces ready", "text": "NEW DELHI: With repercussion of lower Assam violence being felt in Mumbai and elsewhere, the Centre on Saturday sent an advisory to all states asking them to remain extra vigilant in sensitive localities, including religious places, and put various community leaders on guard. It also asked the paramilitary forces to keep their personnel on standby, in case any state needs assistance of central forces in emergency situation.A list of 14 northeast-based organizations, which have been under the scanner of central agencies, has been shared by the Intelligence Bureau with state police, cautioning them to keep a close watch on any movementor gathering being organized by any of the groups in the garb of holding even a peace march. \"The home ministry has sent an advisory to all states, asking them to remain vigilant and guard against any rumours,\" said Shambhu Singh, joint secretary (northeast) in the home ministry.He, however, said, \"At present, the security situation in Assam is peaceful and under control. It is being monitored both by the Centre and state. There is no reason to panic.\"More than 309 cases have been registered and 170 people found involved in the violence were arrested, while the CBI has taken over the probe into seven cases where conspiracy is suspected.Earlier last week, the agencies had put the 14 organizations \u2014 operating in troubled districts \u2014 under scanner amid growing suspicion of 'external' links to the violence and that their activities were inimical to country's peace and harmony. \"The CBI will probe whether the violence had, actually, any external link or not,\" said an official. Agencies also prepared a list of five such organizations operating in Manipur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15455307", "title": "Transport dept to drive home road safety importance", "text": "PANAJI: As Goa gears up to observe Road Safety Week from September 3 to 8, it has to deal with the alarming fact that almost 300 persons are killed in about 4,500 accidents on Goan roads every year, arriving at a frightening figure of one accident every two hours in the state.The morbid statistics were cited by director of transport Arun Desai at a recent meeting to discuss 'Road safety in Goa- a challenge'. Those invited for the meeting included taxi and bus operators, motorcycle and rickshaw drivers and truck operators. Desai sought to know from the stakeholders \"how we can reduce the high number of accidents and deaths on Goan roads\".On its part, the transport department volunteered to provide training to drivers of private buses, taxis, autorickshaws, motorcycle pilots and even to truck drivers through the \"road safety bus\" that has been visiting various places since the last road safety week.The transport department's idea of targeting drivers and riders is based on the logic that even if pedestrians and other road users sometimes cause road accidents, road tragedies could be greatly reduced if people behind the steering wheels were more vigilant. Desai said that it is generally felt that road accidents have increased because the number of vehicles has increased. But he also said that while India has only 1% of the world's vehicle population, it contributes to 9% of the fatalities on roads.Madhu Godkirekar of the Goa Medical College and hospital, Bambolim, expressed concern over the attitude of people regarding road safety and road culture in his presentation 'Law, love and culture'. Godkirekar said that while two-wheelers are involved in 26% of the road accidents in Goa, two-wheeler accidents account for 35% of the road accident deaths.Roland Martins of GOACAN stressed the need for village road safety and transport management committees which he said will be an effective local enforcing agency. He requested that all gram sabhas resolve to set up such committees.Suggestions from other stakeholders included installation of CCTV cameras, training private vehicle drivers, showing road safety films before issue of a learner's license, putting road safety hoardings, etc. The transport director assured the gathering of implementing some of the suggestions at the earliest.If the government is serious about preventing such high volumes of accidents and deaths on its roads, it will have to build appropriate infrastructure. Goa only has a national highway, but does not have a state highway. Vehicles criss-crossing the state and the local vehicles moving from one place to another have to use the only national highway available, mixing up traffic. If a separate state highway is built and the national highway is widened, there could be better regulation of traffic and accidents could be minimized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15455066", "title": "Yeddyurappa jousts to take control of party", "text": "BANGALORE: There is one person who unfailingly makes it to Jagannath Bhavan, the state BJP headquarters in Malleswaram in Bangalore. BS Yeddyurappa has not missed a single day this week, visiting the office and spending long hours there.He appears to be sending a message to his party leaders: that he loves the party and is ready for the big, plum role of state BJP president.But he is not past playing a small game. At his private office at 17th Cross Malleswaram, close to the party office, Yeddyurappa holds a Jan-Sampark (people contact) programme every day. With this, he is sending a contrasting message to his bosses: that he is the leader of the masses and is ready to quit the party if his demands are not met.With an eye on the state BJP president's post, Yeddyurappa appears to be trying to take control of the party by visiting and spending time in the office. \"He is listening to the problems of people and party workers. Sometimes, he comes up with ideas to strengthen the party. He appears to be brimming with confidence after the Supreme Court turned down the CBI's plea to stay the Karnataka High Court order on granting him advance bail,\" sources in the BJP office said.After lunch hour, he visits his private office and holds another round of meetings with people. The Lingayat strongman's actions show that he is trying to play the big leader and is ready to lead the party.Confident of getting relief from the HC on allowing him to roam freely through the state, Yeddyurappa has started demanding the state president's post in his own style. He has already expressed his intentions of touring the state to \"strengthen the party''. The first and foremost plan is to gauge the mood of the people -- whether they will accept him in the event of him quitting the BJP and floating a new regional outfit.Sources close to him maintain that pamphlets containing schemes and welfare measures announced during his tenure would be distributed in the places he visits. The other motive is to pressure BJP leaders to consider him for the post, failing which he would turn into 'suicide bomber' to spoil the chances of the BJP in the next elections.Seniors in the party see it as a pressure tactic to grab the post, rather than quitting the party. \"Yeddyurappa's idea of a state tour may also be driven by the fear that he could lose his clout in the party, especially after fellow Lingayat leader Jagadish Shettar became chief minister. This may be his strategy to mobilize support from party workers and also take control of the party,\" a senior party leader told TOI.State BJP president and deputy chief minister K S Eshwarappa welcomed Yeddyurappa's decision to regularly visit the party headquarters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15454159", "title": "Romney picks Paul Ryan as his running mate", "text": "WASHINGTON: Trailing behind incumbent Barack Obama in the run-up to the Nov presidential elections, there was jubilation in the Romney camp as the Republican presidential candidate on Saturday announced to pick Wisconsin Congressman Paul Ryan as his vice presidential running mate.Ryan, 42, is viewed by some in the Republican Party as a bridge between the buttoned-up party establishment and riled-up conservative activists that have never warmed to Romney. As chairman of the House Budget Committee, Ryan could help Romney make the argument that only the Republican ticket knows how to turn around a nation in the midst of a sluggish economic recovery.Ryan could help Romney become more competitive in Wisconsin, a state Obama won handily four years ago but that could be much tighter this November.Republican party's rising star Bobby Jindal , the Louisiana governor, said that Ryan has the \"courage of his convictions, which is what our nation needs\".The former Florida governor, Jeb Bush , applauded Romney's selection of Ryan as his vice presidential running mate. \"Ryan's command of economic policy and the federal budget will prove invaluable as Romney fights to reform government, accelerate job growth and rein in the out-of-control spending that has been a hallmark of Obama's years in office.\"Newt Gingrich , the former Republican presidential candidate, said that Romney has made a courageous choice for a BIG solutions election. Rick Santorum , former Republican presidential candidate, said Ryan is \"an outstanding choice\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15455588", "title": "Doctors using sonography for early diagnosis of heart disease", "text": "NAGPUR: Echocardiography, particularly stress cardio-sonography, is emerging as an effective tool in picking up heart disease much before symptoms appear in a patient. It also helps a cardiologist or physician decide whether the person needs an invasive-diagnostic procedure for detecting a heart ailment.\"One of the biggest challenges in cardiology lies in picking up disease in a patient with no signs of the disease, but prone to sudden death. Latest 3-D cardiac echo-sonography is now being widely used in the USA to detect heart diseases in asymptomatic patients. Even small hand-held machines are available now, which can be used anywhere by a doctor to conduct cardiac sonography,\" said Patricia Pellikka, president of American Society of Echocardiography.Pellikka is in the city to attend a three-day conference 'Echo-Nagpur 2012', a live meet on cardiac imaging and clinical cardiology, being organized jointly by Nagpur Echo Summit and Cardiological Society of India, Vidarbha chapter. Elaborating on ASE's work, she said the society has 15,000 US members and 2,000 international doctor members. One of the main jobs of the society is to frame guidelines and standards in the field of echocardiography.As part of its international missions and international surveillance programmes, ASE conducted 1,030 echocardiography tests using the latest equipment at Sirsa in Haryana earlier this year. The society would be holding another round of such preventive investigations in December. The first round of investigations showed the incidence of moderate to severe disease in one-third of the screened persons during a religious camp. \"Next, we would be holding similar mission camps in Vietnam and Africa. Such investigations help us in standardizing the procedure,\" said Pellikka.Dr Partho Sengupta, associate professor and director of non-invasive cardiology at Irvine School of Medicine, University of California , and an alumnus of Government Medical College and Hospital, said that though ASE has been active for 25 years, it has taken up many international projects and collaborations in the recent past in the form of fellowships and travel by experts. The society spends as much as $25-30,000 on such projects. Young investigator award is one such programme to promotes talent. He pointed out that while coronary heart disease (CAD), which was once an epidemic in USA, is now on the decline, it continues to be the number one killer of women in USA.Dr Shantanu Sengupta, one of the programme directors of Echo-Summit said the three-day conference being attended by 300 delegates has a live workshop on cardiovascular ultrasound, which is fast evolving as the stethoscope of cardiologists. \"In India, the reasons for cardiac diseases are much different than the western world. Obesity , tobacco and diet are some of the biggest causes of heart diseases at an early age in a large section of society. But if younger people go for regular check ups with a cardiologist, the disease can be prevented from progressing further with right guidance,\" he said.Dr Mahesh Fulwani, Dr Anil Rajgire, president and secretary of CSI Dr Nitin Tiwari, Dr JC Mohan, Dr Bijoy Khanderia, Dr Natesa Pandian, Dr CK Ponde, Dr Manish Bansal and Dr Nitin Burkule are the main faculty for the conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15454892", "title": "Delhi student discovers a comet", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the discovery of a new comet, a Delhi boy has become the first school student in India to have achieved this feat. A Class XII student of Ahlcon Public School in Mayur Vihar, Prafull Sharma discovered the new comet \u2014 SOHO 2333 \u2014 using data from the National Aeronautics and Space Administration ( NASA ), and European space agency's spacecraft-based observatory SOHO.SOHO 2333 is a fragment believed to have separated from a relatively larger comet Machholz when it last came close to the Sun in 2007. The British Astronomical Association also confirmed the find and included it in their list of newly discovered comets. According to the experts, SOHO comets are small comets that are usually found in close proximity of the Sun.Comet hunter Sharma has been studying about them since 2007. His first step in this direction started at his school club \u2014 Ahlcon Space Club. \"It all started from the space club in my school, and then I travelled to Patna in 2009 to witness the solar eclipse, followed by the ring eclipse in 2010 in Kerala. In 2011, I joined the All India asteroid search campaign and did a project with Lapalma Observatory in Spain. I discovered an asteroid then. I joined the Sun Grading Project in January, following which SOHO 2333 happened,\" said Sharma.Stating that Sharma has the potential to join the big league in comet research, principal of Ahlcon Public School, R K Sharma said: \"As a part of the space club, the school arranged for a telescope on the terrace to help Prafull in particular and to encourage all other students.\"As per the official list of the SOHO comet discoverers till August 1, a total of 85 comet hunters have been granted 'SOHO numbers' of which Sharma is the 83rd member. Sharma has been associated with Delhi-based NGO Science Popularisation Association of Communicators and Educators (SPACE), is part of a world-wide team of comet hunters who scour through images of the sun transmitted back to Earth by Solar and Heliospheric Observatory (SOHO).On the significance of the discovery, Chander Bhushan Devgun, chairman of SPACE said: \"It's significant as small comets are not detected visually as they have to be discovered by SOHO method. Moreover, such discoveries are crucial in understanding the dynamic nature of comet population. Also he is the first Indian school student to do so. Before SOHO 2333, last year he discovered an asteroid as well.\" Sharma aspires to pursue aero space engineering after his class XII exams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15454237", "title": "Food joints dish out plateful of woes", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Monsoon is time for some mouth-watering snacks but those available on the roadside can land you in the hospital. This is because the rainy season is ideal for spread of cholera , typhoid, dysentery and jaundice and contaminated food only abet these.The problem can assume dangerous proportions in the city because there is no quality check on the food available in hundreds of hotels, restaurants and roadside eateries with the Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC) being only a mute spectator to this impending health crisis.\"An upset stomach and abdominal pain are the instant problems that individuals might face after eating at road-side food stalls. Unhygienic food might lead to more serious problems like urinary tract infection, abdominal cavity infection, meningitis , gastroenteritis, vomiting and stomach cramps. Since fungal growth is fast people should also avoid taking bread, pizza bread, pastries or cakes,\" said Dr Debadutta Dash, a private practitioner.Poor quality of water stored by these eateries, use of non-permitted colours and repeated use of the oil are some of the potential health hazards posed by these roadside eateries. \"One should avoid eating roadside food during the monsoon. Consumption may immediately harm and cause infectious diseases because fungal growth during the season increases. Apart from food poisoning of the worst nature, street food can also cause toxic shock syndrome that can lead to hospitalisation,\" said Dr B K Mishra, a city-based doctor.If any such thing happens then the worst sufferers would be the office-goers, low-income manual workers and college students. They prefer to have a piping hot meal of rice, lentils, vegetable and sometimes fish at a street shop for a fraction of the time and cost involved in cooking these at home. It is also difficult to keep children away from these tempting food items. \"There is lack of storage space with the street food vendors. They are extremely unhygienic and their garbage disposal is poor. I always warn my children against eating roadside food, but these are so tempting that kids can't resist it,\" said Nalini Mohanty, a mother of two.City health officer Chandrika Prasad Das shares the mother's concern. \"Food items kept in the open can cause many diseases. Absence of a proper mechanism and shortage of staff to check hygienic practices has increased the risk. Food poisoning could be avoided by following good food preparation procedures,\" he said.In this life-threatening situation, BMC threw light on its shortcomings. \"Since we don't have any permanent food inspector, the food inspector in-charge of Khurda and Ganjam districts has been given additional charge of the city. But it is not possible for him to manage everything. We will definitely do something in this regard soon,\" said Ananta Narayan Jena, Bhubaneswar Mayor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15455208", "title": "Double murder: We're on the right track, police say", "text": "BANGALORE: South division police team led by DCP Sonia Narang is confident of the early arrest of the killers of elderly couple Venkateshaiah, 74, and his wife V Swarnamba, 68. The murders came to light on Friday after police broke into their JP Nagar house.Sonia Narang told STOI: \"We are heading on the right track and will make an official announcement after fixing some loose ends.\" But she refused to comment further, saying it would hamper investigations.A senior investigating officer said that Rs 4,000 in cash was found intact in the bedroom where the couple was found dead. \"It seems the assailants killed both during a robbery attempt. We suspect that killing was not their main intention. They have robbed gold and other valuables,\" the officer said.Preliminary investigations revealed the assailants had gained easy entry. \"All doors are intact and there is no sign of a forced entry. This shows the culprits knew the couple,\" another investigating officer said.The killing took place when the couple either resisted them or threatened to call police. \"The assailants would have decamped with some gold articles first. The couple might have discovered it and would have resisted or threatened to file a police complaint, thus forcing the culprits to kill them,\" the officer said.\"While shopping, the couple usually sought asked their nephews to help with their debit cards. After returning home, Venkateshaiah would give his nephews a cheque for the same amount. They never kept much cash or valuables at home,\" police said.The decomposed bodies of the couple were found on Friday morning after a neighbour alerted police about a foul smell emanating from the house which was locked since Monday afternoon. The lunch the cook had prepared was intact, an indication that the killing took place before lunch. Neighbours and relatives told police that Venkateshaiah had summoned a daily wage worker to clean the sump that day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15453991", "title": "We want local residents to treat us with respect: Northeast students", "text": "PUNE: The attacks on students from the northeast in Kondhwa and Pune cantonment prompted the city police to hold an urgent meeting with prominent citizens, community leaders and student representatives on Saturday, to discuss ways to maintain peace in these areas.Mohammed Raees Ahmed, a student from Manipur, who attended the meeting, told TOI, \"We want the local residents to treat us with respect.\"The meeting, which was attended, among others, by deputy commissioner of police Sanjay Jadhav, ACP (Wanowrie division) Vitthal Pawar, Shiv Sena legislator Mahadev Babar and representatives of local organisations, resolved that it was a collective responsibility to take care of students from northeastern states living in these two areas.Feroz Shaikh, president of the All Kondhwa Social Foundation, said, \"The police have asked us to appeal to the Muslim youth to maintain peace in view of the attacks on the Manipuri students. In the past, Manipuri students have been beaten up because of their involvement in instances like creating public nuisance during night hours.\"Shaikh said, \"Two months ago, we had received complaints from Manipuri girls that they were being targeted by some local youngsters for eve teasing. We had identified these youngsters and warned. However, there is another side to the story too. We have requested the police to sensitise Manipuri students about not offending the local culture, traditions and the way people dress.\"Zahid Shaikh, vice-president of the Jamiat Ulma-e-Hind, Pune, said, \"We have condemned the attacks on the Manipuri students after the police gave us details of these instances. We look at the Manipuris and other students from the northeast as our own people and we believe that they should not be targeted. Muslims have a large population in Kondhwa and such attacks can needlessly bring a bad name to the community.\"Senior inspector in charge of Kondhwa police Prasad Hasabnis said, \"Instructions have been issued to all Ganesh mandal members to remain alert and help students from the northeast states if they approach for any assistance.\"Hasabnis said, \"The residents of Kondhwa Gaothan raised the issue that the Manipuri girls are not properly dressed and if this is the situation then there are chances that they can be targeted. We have called a meeting of all students from the northeast on Sunday to sensitise them about these issues.\"ACP Vitthal Pawar said, \"Some students from Manipur who attended the meeting said that they got the information about the attacks from social networking sites and some were rumours. We are conducting investigations into the complaints, but we have not reached at any conclusion yet on the motive behind the attacks.\"Pawar said, \"There have been incidents of attacks on students from Manipur, Assam and Nepal in the past, but no complaints were registered with the police. There have been complaints from people alleging that some students often create nuisance under the influence of liquor, drive recklessly and honk vehicle horns. We are creating awareness among students on these issues.\"Babar said, \"We have circulated telephone numbers of Ganesh mandal youths to Manipuri students to seek help in a crisis situation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15461484", "title": "It's state vs Gadkari in JNNURM project inaugural programme", "text": "NAGPUR: A sudden political war has cropped between the Congress and BJP leaders following an inaugural programme of a Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Rural Mission project which was done at the hands of BJP national president Nitin Gadkari.The Central government had sanctioned projects worth around Rs 1,500 crore to the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) under the JNNURM scheme. Barring inauguration of the Kanhan water treatment plant, most of the projects have been inaugurated by Gadkari.Irked over protocol not being followed by the BJP-ruled NMC, guardian minister Shivajirao Moghe complained to the chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Friday night about no invitation being sent to him and other ministers of the city for the inaugural programme of an overhead water tank constructed under the JNNURM scheme.Chavan enquired about the issue with collector Saurabh Rao who too was unaware of the programme. Rao then sent a notice directing the NMC to hold the inauguration of the overhead water tank constructed at Shanti Nagar in East Nagpur. Confirming the notice, Rao said that the guardian minister should preside over the programme where any government project is inaugurated.\"It is not followed by the NMC so the notice was sent. But the notice was issued late in the night. Mayor Anil Sole called me and informed about problems in holding the programme in time. Sole also said that he had asked his Gadkari who said to go with the programme but assured to follow the protocol in future,\" he said.Gadkari went on to inaugurate the tank and in his address reportedly challenged Chavan to take action against him. \"We believe in developmental politics. But collector sent notice following directives of Chavan,\" he said.The issue is likely to escalate with the arrival of municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane who will finally take full charge on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "15453979", "title": "China media warns of attack from Pak Taliban", "text": "BEIJING: The Chinese official media is distributing a commentary that warns China of attacks on its territory by Pakistan's Taliban jihadist networks.This is seen as a sign that the Chinese leadership is losing faith in Islamabad's ability to curb the flow of Taliban to its border provincef Xinjiang.\"Pakistani support of the Taliban as well as other militant networks has led to many terrorist attacks in Pakistan and India.In the future, jihadist networks may undertake major attacks in Xinjiang and other parts of China,\" said an article by a US-based scholar in Global Times , Communist Party-owned media.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "15453373", "title": "CPM's M M Mani courts trouble yet again", "text": "KOTTAYAM: After his controversial speech, CPM Leader M M Mani has once again raised an embarrassing claim. Speaking at a party rally against price rise in Adimali on Friday night, he allegedly said the party was responsible for the murder of INTUC leader M Balasubramanium (Balu). He claimed that the party wanted to avenge the murder of CPM leader Ayappa Das. However, Mani denied his claims on Saturday.Mani alleged that he did not know why he was booked in the Anchery Baby murder case.Mani claims come at a time when the special investigation team (SIT) is going to file a report in the Anchery Baby murder case before the judicial first class magistrate court in Nedumkandam on Monday.Mani also targeted the CPI by describing the party as an unreliable partner. He compared CPI state secretary Pannyan Raveendran to Chanthu Chekavar, who had betrayed his cousin Aaromal.Kottayam: CPM Leader M M Mani has once again courted trouble by allegedly claiming that the party was behind the murder of INTUC leader M Balasubramanium (Balu) as revenge to the murder of CPM leader Ayappa Das. However, Mani denied having said so on Saturday.Speaking at a reception given to the rally taken out by the party against price rise in Adimali on Friday night, he allegedly said that it was difficult to conceive why he was booked in the Youth Congress leader Anchery Baby murder case.Mani has made the claims at a time when the Special Investigation Team (SIT) is going to file a report in connection with the investigation against Mani and others in the Anchery Baby murder case in the Judicial First Class Magistrate Court in Nedumkandam on Monday.Mani had also targeted its close ally CPI describing the party as an unreliable partner by comparing CPI state chief Pannyan Raveendran with legendary character in the Vadakkan Pattukal Chanthu Chekavar who betrays his cousin Aromal Chekavar at a crucial time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15456011", "title": "Expected hike in petrol may not pinch this time", "text": "INDORE: Though petroleum companies are looking forward to yet another hike in prices of petroleum products, the actual hike this time may not affect many. Indore city consumes 3 lakh litre or petrol and 7 lakh litre of diesel per day. Petrol consumption goes down by a good 30-40% during rainy season as people either skip trips or prefer public transports and car pooling.With the city witnessing good number of rainy days, the consumption of petrol is expected to come down this monsoon as well.GS Kohli, president, MP Federation of Petroleum Dealers' Association, said, \"People have become used to such price hikes. They compromise with their eating habits but not with transportation no matter how costly the fuel becomes.\"While petrol is retailed for Rs 73.38 per litre (Rs 75.88 for upgraded quality), diesel is available for Rs 45.61 per litre. State-owned oil firms are putting pressure on the government to get nod to up the fuel prices. If things go their way, petrol may see a price rise of Rs 3 to Rs 3.50 per litre, insiders believe. Add to this a VAT of 25%, central excise duty and entry tax of 1%.However, some in the business say, the hike may not be as steep. Sudhir Airen, secretary of the Association, said, \"There may be a demand to increase petrol price by Rs 3, but the actual hike may not be more than Rs 2.\"Paras Jain, vice president of the association, said, \"The moment we are informed about the price hike, we will increase our tariff accordingly. However, it was up to the government to take a call\".Soumitra Pandey, head, Indore zone, IOC , said, \"We have no option but to increase the price of petrol once we get the directive from out head office.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15455590", "title": "'Reversal in Gadchiroli district's resignation trend'", "text": "NAGPUR: District administration of Naxal-affected Gadchiroli is hoping to see reversal of the Naxal induced trend of resignations by elected representatives. With two panchayat samiti members from Etapalli having withdrawn their resignations, senior officials felt that the democratic machineries would soon return to normalcy.Buoyed by the success of Korchi where the village headmen and their deputies withdrew their en masse resignations after a negotiation, district collector Abhishek Krishna felt that several elected representatives are willing to return to the democratic set up. A section of the district administration said the functioning of local government bodies at the tehsil and village level is crucial for providing basic amenities to the population.\"Only two out of four panchayat samiti members had furnished resignations in proper format but now both have withdrawn them. Other resignations were not accepted as they were not in a proper format,\" said Krishna. The withdrawal means that the panchayat samiti would become functional once again.Despite the resignation of police patil Ajay Gawde from Udera village in Etapalli on Friday, district administration felt that such developments are unlikely to affect the reversals. According to the collector, a few village headmen too are willing to withdraw their resignations from Etapalli.Sources in Etapalli tehsil, however, claimed otherwise. They informed that the gram panchayats of villages like Emli, Burgi, Kondhali and couple of others have been dissolved as all the members have resigned from their posts. \"However, there is a provision to conduct election within six months to restore the gram panchayat,\" said the collector.Apart from tasting success in Etapalli, collector Krishna also claimed that the vacancy in one of the Zilla Parishad post at Bhamragarh has been already filled up through election. The other members of the Bhamragarh tehsil, which had two posts, have not resigned. It is learnt that the district administration has now called a meeting of the elected representatives from the district to get the functionaries back into the government fold.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "15455561", "title": "BSF begins search for more tunnels", "text": "JAISALMER: After two underground tunnels were detected in the Samba area of Jammu adjoining the international border, the BSF has started an intensive search for more underground tunnels in Rajasthan, Gujarat and Punjab adjoining 1,970 km long international border. The search, started under the leadership of company commanders, will continue for a few days.Three months ago, a tunnel was detected at Khakhian outpost adjoining Sriganganagar which was used for pushing 18 kg of heroin into Indian side.According to BSF sources, after the detection of two tunnels in Jammu, the Union home ministry ordered an intensive search in border areas of Punjab, Gujarat and Rajasthan for more tunnels.Inspector general, BSF, Rajasthan frontier has confirmed about the search. He said the personnel have searched the entire border area and so far no tunnels were found in Rajasthan frontier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15459379", "title": "Arunoday\u2019s fried bhindi", "text": "Celeb Cook-in introduces you to the lesser-known foodies behind India's betterknown faces.My earliest memories of food: I Are my maternal grandmother's fabulous lunch spreads. I would play around in the kitchen as she cooked and help her with the dishes. I still remember the love in her eyes when she saw the entire family relishing the mouth-watering meal prepared by her.My favourite recipe:Aunty Fay's Blueberry Pie. She is the owner of a little bakery in Kodaikanal where I did my schooling. Since I was her best customer, she would bake pies especially for me and send them to my dormitory. Nothing in life seems as good as Fay's Blueberry Pies.Staying away from home I miss:My Maa ke haath ka khana. Mom enjoys seeing me turn into a starving wolf as she places a plate filled with home-cooked food on the table. To me, this means contentment and unconditional love. Stress seems to be miles away.I love cooking but:The inevitable trauma of cleaning up after all the fine preparations makes it a bit tedious. I wouldn't mind cooking if I had a helper, particularly my girlfriend. Cooking together brings an element of fun to the relationship.If I'd enter the kitchen, i would end up making:Probably, a cup of coffee and a quick turkey sandwich.I've been successful in impressing my girlfriends with: My cooking skills but I have ended up in disasters too. Most women I've dated have been wondrous and kind and expressed delight either way.On the sets I eat: Lots of eggs, fruits and coffee.The best meal i have had on the sets till date:While on the sets of Jism 2 in Sri Lanka , I had some amazing dishes at Why Bungalow. The chef was a man of unbelievable skill. Each meal made up for the day's hard work.With my friends and family, i am a regular at: I Indigo Deli and Olive Bar &amp; Kitchen as the food served by them is consistently good. Moreover, they treat me like a prince and you'd always want to go to a place where people are happy to have you. It's what makes a restaurant worth going back to.My all-time favourite cuisines are: Thai and East-Asian.Food I crave for: Rice, dal and fried bhindi. They are my top favourite since I became old enough to eat on my own.I have a ravenous sweet tooth:I love absolutely everything sweet, including chocolates. I am the cookie monster someone warned you about!My non-food passions:Wine, wonderful women, travelling and work. Arunoday's fried bhindi  IngredientsOkra (bhindi): \u00bd kg, Bengal gram flour (besan): 100 gm, Turmeric powder: \u00bd tsp, Red chilli powder: 1 tsp, Carom seeds (ajwain): 4 tsp, Chaat masala, Salt to taste, Juice of 1 lime, Vegetable / canola / sunflower cooking oil for deep frying and fresh mint leaves and juliennes of ginger for garnishing MethodWash the okra and then dry thoroughly. If this is not done, the okra will be sticky and slimy when cut in the next step. Remove the top stem of each okra and then slit diagonally into thin slices. Heat the cooking oil on a medium flame.Do not heat the oil too much as okra burns quickly when deep fried. Put the okra in a large mixing bowl and sprinkle all the other dry ingredients on it. Season with salt just before frying or else the okra will release water and become soggy.Deep fry the okra a little at a time, until crisp and drain on paper towels. Garnish with lime juice, fresh mint and juliennes of ginger. shikha.desai@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15455127", "title": "Chicken rates dip by Rs 20 on low demand", "text": "MUMBAI: Sometimes the long spells of meatless piousness decreed by some religions prove beneficial to the purses of others. For non-vegetarians who aren't fasting during the Hindu holy month of Shravan, this is the season to gorge on chicken. Prices of the bird have dropped by up to 25% since the onset of Shravan on July 20\u2014the single largest drop in recent months, say consumers.Across areas like Colaba, Mahim, Bandra, Andheri, Malad, Kandivli, Powai, Kurla, Thane and Navi Mumbai, the price of chicken has fallen by up to Rs 20 per kg.Live broiler that was selling for Rs 100-115 has dipped to Rs 80-90.However, the cost of branded chicken remains the same at Rs 125-odd per kg as do restaurant tariffs, for these are unable to alter their rates on a daily basis.Around 90% of the chicken consumed in Mumbai comes from Hyderabad while the remainder is sourced from Nashik and Karnataka. \"Retailers follow the 'paper rate' that is published by trade associations in four or five newspapers each day. The paper rate has dipped from Rs 92-93 per kg in April-May to Rs 62-63 during Shravan. As a result, retail rates have dropped correspondingly,\" says Jai Kacharla of Meats N More in Powai.Demand for meat among Hindus remains low during the fasting season but meat-eating communities across the city are happy to indulge in their favourite white meat more often these days. \"In fact, at Rs 80 per kg over the regular Rs 100-105, chicken is now cheaper than certain vegetables like ladyfinger,\" says Abdul Ghaffar who owns Salbro Poultry on Bazar Road, Bandra.Rates are high during the summer months of April-May, as a lot of birds die during this season. Short supply coupled with high demand causes prices to increase. The arrival of the rain sees supply exceeding demand, prompting a fall in rates.Maharashtrian families avoid non-vegetarian food during the fasting season. \"Right after Gatari Amavasya on July 19, we stopped consuming meat. The next few weeks are those of abstinence. Interestingly, we who drive prices down will never savour the flavour of the cut,\" laughs Makarand Joshi, a resident of Goregaon.Sunil Jha of Farm and Fish, Kandivli, says, \"Rates have gone down but not too much. The fall in prices is temporary and will last until the end of Shravan around August 20, after which rates will rise only to fall once again during Ganeshotsav and then Navratra.\"However, none of this seasonal fluctuation proves advantageous to consumers of branded packaged chicken. \"Their rates change but once a year, they do not rise or fall with the seasonal change. At least one company, Zorabian Poultry, has announced that it will revise rates upward by 10% from September 1,\" says Kacharla.\"It's true that chicken prices are down, but eggs have risen again to Rs 305 for ten dozen in the wholesale market. The rates of chicken and egg fluctuate inversely; if one is high, the other drops. The seesaw will last until Ramzan Eid,\" says Nasir Ahmed of Nazeer Poultry, one of the largest suppliers in Mumbai. Eggs are once again selling for a high of Rs 40-48 per dozen after a welcome interval of Rs 36-44.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15457228", "title": "Veteran Malayalam actor Thilakan discharged from hospital", "text": "Veteran Malayalam actor Thilakan, who was undergoing treatment at Thrissur-based Jubilee Hospital, was discharged on Saturday, hospital authorities said.The 77-year-old versatile actor was in critical condition due to a stroke , when he was admitted to hospital on August 1. He also suffered from pneumonia in addition to kidney disease. The coordination of the muscular movements of the mouth and tongue had also been affected, causing in difficulty in speech.Sources said Thilakan was seen in good mood and was relatively active as he was walking out of the hospital on Saturday. Doctors said the actor completely recovered from health difficulties.Thilakan was admitted to the PK Das Institute of Medical Sciences (PKDIMS), Vaniyamkulam last month, when he felt uneasiness on his way to address a public gathering. On July 31, he was referred to Jubilee Hospital for better care.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "15461028", "title": "Congress demands cancellation of parole to Bibi Jagir Kaur", "text": "JALANDHAR: After it has become clear Bibi Jagir Kaur's release on parole was crucial to get presidents of Nagar Panchayats of Bholath, Begowal and Dhilwan presence in election meetings of Nagar Panchayats of Bholath, Begowal and Dhilwan Congress has demanded that her parole be cancelled as it was granted with ulterior and political motive.A day after her release on parole Bibi participated it election meeting of Bholath on August 9 where SAD had reduced to minority and party's candidate could become President only due to Bibi's presence as ex-officio member. In other Nagar panchayats SAD was in comfortable position.Citing provisions of ' The Punjab Good Conduct Prisoners Act, 1962' former Bholath MLA and Congress leader Sukhpal Khaira said that the Act provided that a prisoner could be released if a member of the prisoner's family had died or is seriously ill; or the marriage of the prisoner's son or daughter is to be celebrated; or the temporary release of the prisoner is necessary for ploughing, sowing or harvesting or carrying on any other agricultural operation on his land and no friend of the prisoner or a member of the prisoner's family is prepared to help him in this behalf in his absence or It is desirable to do so for any other sufficient cause.\"In so far the parole of Bibi Jagir Kaur is concerned none of the above grounds have been fulfilled by her. The ulterior motive of granting parole to Bibi Jagir Kaur by the state government was to allow her to manipulate the elections to the office bearers of Nagar Panchayats of Begowal, Bholath and Dhilwan. Earlier the ruling party could not elect Presidents and other office bearers of its choice to these Nagar Panchayats on August 3 and the elections were postponed on frivolous grounds,\" Khaira said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15460300", "title": "Kristen Stewart poses fully clothed for new poolside photoshoot", "text": "Kristen Stewart cuddled up to her co-stars of upcoming movie 'On The Road' in her new pool side photoshoot.The photographs were taken during the Cannes Film Festival in May - a few months before the news of her fling with 'Snow White and the Huntsman' director Rupert Sanders emerged.In the new photoshoot for Marie Claire magazine , the 22-year-old actress is seen posing in-between her co-stars Sam Riley and Garrett Hedlund by the side of a swimming pool at the exclusive Five Hotel in Cannes, Contactmusic reported.In them, Stewart looks more than comfortable as she slouches on Hedlund's shoulder, with Riley closely behind her.She posed in a pair of black shorts, a printed T-shirt and bright orange leather jacket for the shoot, looking every bit the teenage rebel she portrays in the movie 'On The Road.'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15453289", "title": "Now bed-ridden with her hockey dream shattered", "text": "KOCHI: The unruly behaviour of a private bus operator has shattered the dreams of a budding hockey player.Surya Soman, a class XI student of government higher secondary school, Edappally, who was in the probables list of the state senior girls' hockey team, is now on bed with a fractured ankle, after a private bus cleaner pushed her off the moving vehicle on Friday.Surya regularly commutes to and from her school by the same bus.Though she had the school ID card, the bus conductor used to deny her students' concession as she was not in her school uniform. But a few days ago she got the uniform.And on Friday, though she was wearing the uniform, she was denied concession and the cleaner pushed her out of the bus leading to the mishap.\"I had advised her not to argue with bus workers. So she used to pay the regular fare whenever she was not in her uniform,\" said Soman, Surya's father.It is the loss of the hockey dream that hurts Surya more than the fracture. \"I was going to take part in the open selection to be held after the Onam examinations.Now, doctors say I should not give stress on the leg for some years at least. So, I won't be able to play anymore,\" said Surya.Meanwhile, the bus owner is trying to settle the case in favour of his employee. And Reji, the bus cleaner who pushed Surya, got bail from the police station.\"It is a bailable offence. That's why we released him,'' said Adbul Sathar, sub-inspector, Thrikkakara police station.\"However, we will take evidence from passengers who were on the bus on Friday,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15453507", "title": "Train engine derails near Allahabad Junction", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The engine of Howrah-Mumbai Mail derailed near Allahabad Junction on Saturday. No casualty was reported. The movement of the trains on the down line was affected for two hours due to derailment.According to reports, train number 12321 Howrah-Mumbai Mail left Allahabad junction at 12:15pm on Saturday. As it reached point number 282 near Niranjan crossing, which is close to Allahabad Junction, two front wheels of the engine came off from the track. The driver applied the emergency brakes to control the train.The staff from the engineering, signal and telecommunications, carriage and wagon departments began efforts to put the engine back on the track.The Accident Relief Train arrived at the spot at 1:13pm. Railway staff was able to attach the wheels of the engine at 1:33pm. The train finally departed at 2:35 pm. A four-member inquiry team has been formed to look into the causes of derailment.The team comprises senior divisional safety officer, senior divisional signal and telecommunications engineer, senior divisional engineer (II) and senior divisional mechanical engineer.Due to derailment, movement of the trains on the down line came to a grinding halt.Various trains including train number 12307 Howrah-Jodhpur Express, 2987Ajmer-Sealdah Express, 13040 Janta Express and 15160 Sarnath Express were affected due to derailment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "new delhi/gurgaon", "code": "15457687", "title": "Maruti to get police protection at Manesar after reopening", "text": "NEW DELHI/GURGAON: Maruti Suzuki, which will take a decision on reopening of its Manesar plant on Monday, will operate the violence-hit facility under police protection on resumption of production with the Haryana government not willing to take a chance.The state administration feels the necessity to position a complete battalion at the plant due to \"security threat\", according to a senior Haryana Police official.\"It has been decided by the government that one full battalion will be there at the Manesar plant to provide security and it will be under an SSP rank officer,\" Joint Commissioner of Police Anil Kumar said.The battalion will be under the command of Senior Superintendent of Police Yogender Nehra, he added.When asked how long the police would guard the Maruti plant after resumption of operations, Kumar said: \"The presence of the 500-600 police personnel will continue to be there till the next decision is taken after reopening the plant\".Citing reasons for the extended protection, he said: \"Though we have been giving full security and the plant is completely safe, some people are still apprehensive of a security threat\".After the violence on July 18, the Manesar plant is currently being guarded by the Haryana Police.Following the violence and arson, in which one senior executive was killed and nearly 100 others injured, Maruti Suzuki India (MSI) had on July 21 announced an indefinite lockout at the unit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15455528", "title": "Special cell for e-governance in irrigation", "text": "NAGPUR: Water resources department (WRD) has set up a special cell for e-governance of irrigation works through Integrated Computerized Information System (ICIS). Along with better management, the cell also aims to bring transparency into the transactions.An official of Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation (VIDC) said that the state government has decided to increase use of information technology in irrigation works. These include project construction, irrigation management, establishment related works, planning, research and survey. \"The department has already started using IT for these works. The project management cell has been set up to ensure maximum use of IT by field offices,\" he said.The cell's role is to supervise whether projects are implemented as per the agreement with the contractor, regularly seek data from system integrator, keep an eye on quality of work and progress of the project as per schedule, examine reports sent by system integrator and field offices, upgrade the system as per requirements and link it with state government's public information system and upgrade the department's data regularly.The cell will be set up in Jalsampatti Bhavan, Pune. It will have eleven staffers, headed by a superintending engineer (SE). Other staffers include three senior consultants for project management, transformation management and training and skills upgradation respectively. Two executive engineers (EEs) will also be appointed for project and transformation management. Five assistant engineers (AEs) will work under the two EEs.The VIDC official further said the eight engineers would be staffers of WRD while the three private consultants would be appointed by central government's National Institute of Smart Government (NISG). The job of establishing the cell has been entrusted to Koyna Design Circle (KDC) of WRD, having its office at Jalsampatti Bhavan.The WRD ministry has decided that one of the EEs will be deputed from command area development corporation (CCAD), Pune, coming under the department. One EE posted at KDC will have to work for the cell also. Additional EEs will not be appointed for the cell. There are five divisions under KDC. One AE from each of the five divisions will be deputed to the cell.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15459670", "title": "Will Andhra Pradesh have a new chief minister?", "text": "HYDERABAD: The race for a new chief minister for Andhra Pradesh has intensified with the perception in Hyderabad that the powers that be in the Congress headquarters could place a new man in charge of the state.Lobbying has intensified but many who have met present chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy lately say that he exudes confidence that he is going to continue.In the race are Jana Reddy, a minister in the Kiran government and chairman of National Disaster Management Authority, Shashidhar Reddy who is also a local MLA. Long time minister Kanna Lakshminarayana is also in the contention.\"Though the Congress high command had been mulling a change for a while it had been decided to consider the matter only after the presidential poll. However in the interim inputs began to be received at 10, Janpath that any change or not, the prospects of the Congress in the state would not improve, Jagan's popularity having surged. So the idea was given up,\" said a high level source.But those interested in stepping into the shoes of Kiran are arguing that a change in leadership can make a difference in arresting the Jagannaut. What Sonia Gandhi's final call will be remains to be seen.Jana Reddy, who was earlier home minister in YS Rajasekhara Reddy's government is being seen as promoted by union petroleum minister Jaipal Reddy. The union minister's contention is that a Reddy from Telangana region can bolster the prospects of Congress, keep Jagan at bay and prevent migration of the Reddy vote bank to Jagan's party. The Congress party has been seen as a Reddy party in Andhra Pradesh and migration of the Reddy vote is seen as a disaster. Both Jana Reddy and Shashidhar Reddy fit the bill theoretically although their ability to make any impact at the grassroots level is seen as suspect. Jana Reddy has lately been focusing on enhancing his communication skills and winning friends in the party's organizational hierarchy, say sources.Realizing that Jaipal is mobilizing support for Jana, chief minister Kiran Kumar is very upset and in recent days has hit out at the union minister. A row over diversion of gas from KG Basin to Dabhol Power Company in Maharashtra and at the cost of gasless power plants in Andhra Pradesh had Kiran fuming and gave him an opportunity to hit out. He said that Jaipal as union minister in charge of the portfolio should have moved for the state or alerted it earlier about this fait accompli. Though Kiran has moved Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and got the diverted gas back, the matter is very emotive in Andhra Pradesh what with the state in the midst of unprecedented power shortage.Many analysts feel that Jana is a proxy for Jaipal Reddy himself which is why Kiran is very angry. The popular belief in political circles in Hyderabad is that it is Jaipal's long term desire to cap his political career as chief minister of the state. Jaipal however has time and again denied this ambition. Many say that Jaipal lacks the ability to go 'for the kill.'Incidentally, it was Jaipal who had first suggested the name of Kiran as a counter to Jagan in 2010 and this is the point from which the latter began to be considered as a possible chief ministerial candidate. However, sources say that Jaipal had proposed his name as a counterpoint in the party and not as chief minister. Jagan was that time in Congress and the elevation of Kiran led to his departure from the party triggering long term trouble for the Congress in the state.Shashidhar's name is being favored by a section of the Congress high command that is opposed to Telangana. Shashidhar, elected to the assembly from the Hyderabad city constituency of Sanatnagar, is not seen as pro Telangana. His father Chenna Reddy was the leader of the Telangana movement in 1970 but had called off the agitation.Kanna Lakshminarayana, a grassroots leader from Guntur but with good multilingual communication abilities is the representative of the Kapu community. The Kapus, who along with the Reddys have stood solidly behind the Congress (except for a brief interregnum when Chiranjeevi formed the Prajarajyam Party) have however 'not got their due' in terms of leadership position. \"Kanna's case is built on the fact that with Reddys deserting the Congress the Kapus will be the mainstay of the party so a Kapu chief minister will be in order,\" says a political analyst.In the ultimate analysis however a decision on Andhra Pradesh's chief minister ship cannot be taken independently of what is to be done in Telangana. But that's another story.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15454914", "title": "20-30 eye flu patients daily, say doctors", "text": "LUDHIANA: This year's monsoon may be deficient but there has been no letup in the number of cases relating to conjunctivitis.Dr Satish Thomas, a senior eye specialist at Christian Medical College and Hospital (CMCH), said, \"We receive about 20-30 patients of conjunctivitis on a daily basis in our hospital. During monsoon, the infectious conjunctivitis patients go up whereas allergic conjunctivitis is more during harvesting season as it is linked to pollen and other allergen.\"Dr Harpreet C Singh, an ophthalmologist at SPS Apollo Hospital, adds, \"Conjunctivitis is highly contagious and spreads if a non-infected individual comes in contact with a person suffering from conjunctivitis or touches an object that has been touched by such a person after wiping his eyes. Wearing a pair of goggles helps as it acts as a barrier in rubbing the eyes and makes the patient more tolerant. We receive around 50 patients daily, out of which about 10% are conjunctivitis cases and out of this around 50% are infectious.\"Dr Manoj Gupta, a senior ophthalmologist at Sankara Hospital, said, \"Among infectious conjunctivitis, bacterial and viral is more common in the city, whereas fungal is mostly reported among farmers who work in fields. During monsoon, infectious conjunctivitis cases are more as the virus / bacteria get favourable conditions to grow and attack their host.\"He added, \"The treatment of the infectious conjunctivitis includes use of antibiotics including anti-bacterial, anti-fungal and anti-viral drugs depending on the type of infection.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15455473", "title": "Sonia to visit Assam as Cong tries to save face", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress chief Sonia Gandhi will visit Kokrajhar and Dhubri on August 13, a follow up to PM Manmohan Singh's tour, that conveys heightened concern in the party over Bodo-Muslim conflict. Sonia would tour the epicentre of the bloody violence and relief camps.Her visit, after those by government captains, is aimed to convey urgency on Congress's part in the wake of mounting criticism that Tarun Gogoi government was lax in reining in the violence. The scathing attack on the Congress government by UPA partners in Parliament last week and Union home minister Sushilkumar Shinde's lacklustre reply has raised the need for Congress to take urgent corrective measures.Congress is worried that anger in the minority community could expose it to attacks from \"secular\" rivals in the run-up to 2014 elections. The strong words from UPA partners Badruddin Ajmal and Asaduddin Owaisi , who lead Muslim outfits AUDF and MIM, respectively, have only deepened the fears. Sources said Ajmal led a delegation to Sonia and pleaded for strong directions to Gogoi government. The visit could be a way of clamping down on warring state satraps whose one-upmanship has been blamed for lax response to violence.The urgency stems from worries that Assam conflict can spill out of its geographical corner to impact the socio-political scene across country. The intervention by Muslim leaders to carve out a narrative of \"persecution\" and BJP's bid to resurrect \"Bangladeshi migration\" plank can leave the Congress stranded.The Mumbai protests by Muslim groups in solidarity with the community in Assam and incidents of violence have renewed fears that Assam issue can have pan-India implications.A senior Congress leader admitted the party would have to \"balance social groups\", a fact that handicaps it in front of outfits thriving on religious appeal. That UPA has Bodoland People's Front as a partner only complicates the split within the ruling combine.The pressure may tell on Congress, especially as it seeks to tighten its leadership of \"secular\" camp in the run up to 2014 elections. Owaisi said, \"I am facing queries like why is it happening when there is Congress government in Assam and Delhi.\" Congress is hoping to turn the course of the debate that is assuming religious dimension.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15455569", "title": "I am a Madia tribal and can speak in English", "text": "Speaking fluently in English is something which 15 year-old Swati Duj now takes for granted, but just five years ago it would have been unthinkable. For this girl from the tribal Madia community, life at her village near Dhanora in Gadchiroli was filled with the stereotypical hardships that plague any rural place in India. And all that the she had to show for primary education, which Swati got at government-run ashramshala there, was a vague comprehension of some alphabets.But life turned a full circle when she was chosen as one among the 54 girls from her community to be sent to Nagpur's St Ursula Girls High School. A state government-funded program enabled tribal girls from various districts in Vidarbha to get education in mainstream schools so that they can get an equal opportunity to take on the world around them.When the girls enrolled in the school just in time for the 2007-08 academic session, the staff knew they had their hands full. The school's principal Rachna Singh says the biggest challenge was getting them to study English as their first language, since all these students came from Marathi-medium schools. \"I formed a special team for these girls and we devised a strategy to enhance their language skills immediately,\" said Singh.Parvati Joseph, the school's English teacher who led the charge, said, \"We started right from alphabets, then vowels and then to sentence formation. All this had to be in the play-learn method. Since the girls were staying at the campus' hostel we were in a position to dedicate more time to them.\"The staff continuously improvised by giving impetus to group learning and making the girls converse in English with each other. Singh was aware that things won't change overnight but she also knew that she had to deliver results. \"It was a huge responsibility that had been given to us but we consider ourselves lucky to have them. The girls have taught us how resilient, hardworking and uncomplaining one has to be out in the rural areas. They used their survival skills perfectly to urban settings and applied it to academic challenges with success,\" said Singh.Apart from academics, the other challenge for school was bridging the culture gap. \"Hygiene, clothing, social interaction and food habits were they key areas where the difference was stark. But we eased them into the process and what helped us was the girls' willingness to adapt,\" says Singh.Sonali Irapachu comes from rural Wardha and says she has noticed the changes in the last five years. \"I don't know how to describe it, but I can tell you that I was very different,\" says Sonali. \"My confidence level has increased dramatically and now I don't find myself hesitating before talking to new people. And that confidence has certainly affected other aspects of personality.\"As the entire group sits together for this media interaction, a loud and resounding 'NO' resonates the air in unison when asked if they want to return to their villages after completing Std X this session.One of the students, Rohini Iskape, says there is nothing for her back in the rural by-lanes of her village in Gondia district. \"No scope for higher education, no jobs and no one to believe that we girls can do something worthwhile,\" she adds. Her friend Runa Markan, who also hails from the same district, said, \"Every year we do go back during vacations and meet our family. The conditions are tough and maybe the only way one can come out of such a situation is getting a good education - which can happen only in cities.\"Saying that the school is a 'home away from home' for these girls would be wrong - not because it is so cliched but because it is not true. This is home for the girls. Back home they were just another pair of hands that could work on the fields or forage for food, but within the campus of St. Ursula School they can be anything they want to be. It is no surprise then that some want to be doctors, some civil servants and even the prime minister! They have realized that it is not wrong to dream for a better life and the school has already made most of it come true.Tale of a cancer survivorIn 2009 when principal Rachna Singh noticed a lump on Pallavi Uikey's throat, she knew something was wrong. The 12 year-old girl was diagnosed with cancer. With no government aid available for Pallavi (since it was cancer), Singh made up her mind that she will not loose the girl at any cost. Under the care of the city's top oncologist, Pallavi began her treatment. \"I felt weak and tired all the time but madam (Singh) and other teachers took care of me. They would get me homemade juices during by chemo cycles when I could barely eat and I feel like the luckiest girl alive now,\" said Pallavi. In July this year the medical reports confirmed that Pallavi has been cured completely. The school paid almost 80% of the nearly Rs8 lakh bill for medical treatment. \"She is like a daughter to all of us, nothing else matters,\" said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15455083", "title": "Assam riots protesters go on rampage, hold Mumbai hostage", "text": "MUMBAI: Two persons died and 53 people, 45 of them policemen, were injured as south Mumbai witnessed unbridled mob vandalism for about an hour after a section of participants in a rally by Muslim organisations went berserk. The mob torched one police van and one television channel's vehicle besides damaging six other police vehicles, 49 BEST buses, a couple of other outdoor broadcasting vans and numerous privately owned vehicles.The police opened fire after all other means to control the violence, including a lathi-charge and tear-gassing, failed. One of the casualties had suffered bullet injuries, and the other was crushed to death. Police commissioner Arup Patnaik said the cops had to fire five rounds to rein in the mob.Before that, however, two of the island city's arterial roads, D N Road and Mahapalika Marg, witnessed mob violence of a scale not seen in recent memory. Thousands from the rally, organised to focus attention on the violence against Muslims in Assam and Myanmar , spilled on to the streets, torching and damaging whatever they managed to lay their hands on. Several newspersons, including photographers Shriram Vernekar and Prashant Nakwe from The Times of India, were beaten up and Vernekar's camera was broken. Cops were singled out for specially violent treatment.A senior officer said the probe, given to the Crime Branch later in the evening, was zeroing in on a group that came from Nehru Nagar. \"This group could not enter Azad Maidan, and there were reports that it was the first flashpoint ,\" the officer told TOI.The violence and wanton destruction of buses and other vehicles went on for about an hour before the police decided they had had enough. A lathi charge and tear-gassing were followed by firing as cops chased back the crowd. A section fled towards Crawford Market, damaging more buses on the way, and some ran into CST. Train services had to be halted for some time as frightened commuters found themselves between the police and the mob.Two persons, 22-year-old Mohammad Umar and 18-year-old Altaf Sheikh (one from Bandra and the other from Kurla), died while another person was admitted to St George's Hospital with serious bullet injuries. \"Seven police personnel and one civilian have received grievous head injuries and are critical,\" said Dr T P Lahane, head of the JJ Group of Hospitals.Traffic constable Shivram Salve was on bandobast duty and told TOI about how the force suddenly came under a hail of stones. \"Most of my colleagues suffered head injuries. We were left shell-shocked,\" he added. Azad Maidan snacks stall owner Shantaram Bhanu saw one of the media vans being torched. \"No one was inside. It all happened without any provocation,\" he said.Private car owners said the mob forced them out of their cars before pulping them. Several of them, as well as BEST bus drivers and conductors, took shelter in buildings near Azad Maidan. \"We were told we wouldn't be harmed and fled to a nearby building. But when we returned, every windshield and windowpane was broken,\" said T S Hindoyar. Many passersby ran to the State Institute for Administrative Careers campus beside Azad Maidan. \"A huge mob was running into the lane and there was utter chaos in front of CST,\" said one of them. \"We decided to wait and let two trains leave before boarding the next one,\" said Silas Liba, a tourist from Manipur.The Crime Branch took up the probe into the violence late in the evening, and around 20 men were detained by the end of the day. The police have slapped sections relating to rioting, unlawful assembly and damaging public property on unnamed rioters. The administration sounded an alert in Mumbai as well as sensitive pockets in neighbouring regions like Thane and Bhiwandi. The police have been asked to stay on maximum alert on Sunday when the kin of the dead may be asked to take the two bodies.A look at the build-up to the rally reveals several failings that led to the conflagration. The organisers, Raza Academy, sought permission for a rally by 1,500 people but, according to some estimates, about 50,000 people ultimately turned up. Most of the protesters could not enter the venue and things worsened when the public address system failed. Officials later said the organisers of the rally had absolutely no control over the crowd and did not have any idea of the number of people who ultimately turned up.But some former top cops also blamed the police for their intelligence failure in estimating the number of people and the intensity of the emotions on display. One of the injured policemen told TOI from his hospital bed that the mob was \"uncontrollable\" and that he and his colleagues were severely outnumbered. Officials later said that around 800 personnel were there to tackle the mob but \"it was clearly not enough for a mob of that size and ferocity\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15455533", "title": "From an IIM-A professor to a sadhvi", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Na janu apne mann ki main, Ab kya kaha kab kaun banu, kuch bhi bana, ya kuch na bana, bus... baithi rahu tere dar pe main (I don't know what my heart says; what, where, whom I will become; make me something, or don't make me anything, Enough, I will be just sitting on His doorstep).This not a Sufi poet's writing, but a former professor who taught marketing at Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad (IIM-A).Subhashini Kaul, 41, who has authored several books and international papers, has renounced everything to lead a life of a 'sadhak' in a tiny apartment in Pune. Her husband Nitin, who headed human resource management at one of the biggest retail firms in the country, too, has renounced worldly allures and turned a fakir, sleeping at railway stations in different cities.In 2008, Kaul, who passed out of IIM-A in 1993, had filed a sexual harassment complaint against a faculty at IIM-A. The gender committee investigated the allegations and in its report in 2009, ruled against the charges levelled by Kaul.\"It's not because of any incident that I turned a sadhak... but started feeling that all the effort one puts in the materialistic world to get ahead isn't worth it and God directed me to another way of life,\" said Kaul, who has worked with leading corporates and was on the advisory board of the International Congress on Pervasive Computing and Management.After resigning from the job in 2009, Kaul returned to Mumbai and started a consulting company with her husband, whom she married in 1998. The couple ran the company for some time before deciding to sell off their house in Mumbai and live an isolated life.\"I moved to Pune and we hardly speak. I meditate for more than 10 hours and have forgotten everything of my past,\" said Kaul, who is now connected to a few friends.\"That was a monkey world where everyone was in the rat race to get ahead. But I blame no one for the happenings in my life. I have pulled out from all relations. Now, I dance when I want to and sleep when I feel like it. An atheist earlier, now I feel closer to God,\" said Kaul.The faculty member Kaul accused in her complaint had vanished under mysterious circumstances from Devprayag in Uttarakhand last year and is still missing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "15456132", "title": "CPM urges CBI probe into Kanda's assets in Himachal", "text": "SHIMLA: The Himachal Pradesh unit of CPM on Saturday demanded a CBI enquiry into the assets of former Haryana minister Gopal Goyal Kanda in Himachal Pradesh. Kanda's is on the run after his name was found in a suicide note left behind by airhostess Geetika Sharma, who was found dead in her Delhi house recently.Himachal Pradesh state secretariat of CPM, besides demanding a CBI probe, has also demanded a probe into his links with the state politicians, claiming that Kanda has share in a private university in the hill state. \"The meteoric rise of this businessman-turned politician from running a shop to opening an airline depicts the strong relationship between politicians and big businessmen. The CPM has asked for making public his business interests in the state and also his relations with local politicians,\" said Tikender Singh Panwar, member, state secretariat of CPM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15455186", "title": "Police arrest two cooks in Ashwini murder case", "text": "MYSORE: Police on Saturday solved the sensational murder case of Ashwini, 24, by arresting two youths including her lover Raghu, 21. Ashwini, a BBM graduate, was murdered for gain, allegedly by Raghu and his accomplice in Mysore on August 7.Ashwini, estranged wife of a software engineer, had expressed her desire to marry Raghu just weeks before she was killed, police commissioner KL Sudheer said.Ashwini was married to Sunil Kumar, but separated from him within weeks and returned to her parents' home in Mysore two years ago.Seven months ago, she had befriended Raghu, a cook from Lalithadripura, through a common friend Ravi, who is absconding. Their friendship led to an affair and they decided to marry once her divorce came through.But Ashwini was unaware that Raghu had other ideas. She had once given him a pair of earrings to pledge, and he had raised Rs 15,000 for his expenses. This may have prompted Raghu to kill her for more money. Police said Ashwini had introduced Raghu to her mother as a friend.DANDUPALYA STYLE MURDERRaghu, who had criminal antecedents, teamed up with his relative Shekar, and slit her throat.The police commissioner said the murderer appeared to have taken a cue from the Sandalwood move 'Dandupalya'. Raghu and Shekar had watched the movie before the killing, as advised by one of their accomplices, Kumar, from Bangalore. He has sent a message to Raghu, suggesting that they pick up techniques and police operations from the movie before taking to crime.The duo also admitted that they were driven by the Kannada movie, the commissioner claimed.City cops, however, denied the role of Kumar, a cook, and Yogesh from Shimoga, who had supplied weapons as part of their plan to take to crime in a big way. Another accomplice, Aiyappa, also from Bangalore, is absconding, said Krishnaraja subdivision ACP AN Prakashgowda.According to the ACP, Raghu, Kumar, Yogesh and Aiyappa, all cooks, met while working in a hotel in Bangalore. Police launched a search for Ravi and Aiyappa to know how Ravi came in contact with Ashwini and what the gang planned to do next.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15460885", "title": "Digha Shankarpur Development Authority holds board meeting to take decisions to develop the coastal areas", "text": "KOLKATA: The Digha Shankarpur Development Authority (DSDA) held a board meeting last week and have taken several decisions to develop the coastal belt.Among the decisions that have been taken, landscaping will be done in two others places apart from the stretch along with the Digha gate. Hotels will be requested to take up roadside beautification in the area. A plot near Udaipur beach a little ffar from New Digha will be set up for auction for a three-star hotel. The auction will be held soon. Besides, a budget hotel will be set up on a half-complete structure in Digha where the top floor will be given to DSDA.Among the other decisions taken, the authorities will appoint 'Nulias' to ensure the safety of the tourists in the sea as it has been noticed by the authorities that quite a few fatal incidents of drowning has occurred recently. Also, an electric crematorium will be set up on way to the Digha mohana.The authorities will soon float expression of interests to invite private players for setting up a rope-way in Amravati Park. The plan is to attract more tourists. The authorities will also take up drainage works in critical areas where water logging occurs and the forest department will also speed up afforestation work in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15453705", "title": "Granite scam: Jayalalithaa, Karunanidhi accused of hypocrisy", "text": "MADURAI: Members of CPM staged a demonstration in Madurai on Saturday demanding that the wealth of granite quarry owners, that exceeds Rs 35,000 crore, be seized by the government. They also wanted farmers of Melur who had lost their livelihood due to quarries to be given compensation.Addressing the gathering, CPM state secretary G Ramakrishnan said the quarries had caused irreparable damage to the ecosystem of Melur and surrounding regions. About 175 quarries including ones such as PRP, Sindhu and Olympus Granites were responsible for the disappearance of over 14 large tanks and 13 irrigation channels. They had indiscriminately cut granite from poromboke lands, small roads, panchami lands and private lands without government permission.Thirty-five villages in Melur region were facing the consequences of this environmental hazard and many petitions from farmers of this region had not been heeded to by the government.He hailed the actions of the former district collector of Madurai, U Sagayam, who brought to light the activities of granite quarry owners of Madurai. The report says PRP Granites had taken ownership of granite belonging to the government-owned Tamil Nadu Minerals Limited to the tune of Rs 3,300 crore.He said chief minister J Jayalalalithaa should clarify why she had not yet taken action against the granite mafia as promised by her during the election campaigns in Madurai. The government should also explain why Sagayam was transferred a few days after submitting this report. Ramakrishnan said his party would extend their full support to present collector Anshul Mishra in this regard.\"Why is DMK chief M Karunanidhi, who responded to land grab cases with prompt immediacy, silent on the granite issue in which his grandson is involved?' he asked. The CPM members said the government would not have had to burden the public by increasing bus fares and prices of other essential commodities if it had seized the wealth of granite quarry owners. which amounted to over Rs 35,000 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15460953", "title": "Bombay Natural History Society (BNHS) organises management capacity development programme", "text": "PUNE: To provide management skills to environmental NGOs, the Bombay Natural History Society ( BNHS) with support from Fulbright Alumni Engagement Innovation Fund, has organised a management capacity development programme for one year in different parts of the country. The programme is open only to employees of environmental NGOs from Maharashtra, Gujarat and Goa.Any environmental NGO with good track record in field on environment can apply. The head of environmental NGO can nominate any two mid-level employees who can be trained into management master trainers for the organisation. The participants should have experience of minimum two years of service in the organisation.All participants need to fill in a common application form for each organisation. The application form could be requested by sending an email to ``engosindia@gmail.com/ cecbnhs@gmail.com.'' A duly filled form should be submitted via email. All applications will be scrutinised for the above criteria and selected participants will be sent a confirmation.The topics that will be covered at the workshop includes fund raising, grant writing, project management, team management, volunteer management, networking and public relations, marketing management, leadership styles, developing business plans and strategic planning. The workshop will cover audio-visuals, brainstorming, hands on activity for individuals or groups and home assignments. The first workshop on management tools for environmental NGOs will be held everyday between 9 am to 6 pm at the American Center, Bandra Kurla Complex, Mumbai on September 10 to 12, 2012.The last date for application is August 15, 2012. One can contact: Kaustubh Bhagat, education officer at 9323738622 / 95949291073/9594953425, according to a press release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15454064", "title": "Gymnast\u2019s Olympic dream may run into financial hurdle", "text": "MUMBAI: Lack of government support could crush the Olympic ambitions of Dombivli-based four-time national junior artistic gymnastics champion Shravani Raut. Shravani (14) bagged the 15th position at the 2012 Asian Junior Championships held in Thailand recently, to become the youngest in the country to have done so.For Shravani, reaching the international level has been an uphill task. Her father, Ajit Raut, a carpenter at the Naval Dockyard, said he had to shell out Rs 50,000 from his savings so that she could represent India internationally.\"I received no government aid other than two scholarships\u2014Rs 2,700 in 2010 and Rs 9,000 in 2011,\" said Raut. Expenses for Shravani's special diet, training and travel run into approximately Rs 2.25 lakh a year.Pravin Dhage, state gymnastics coach, Maharashtra Sports Department, who has judged several national and international events, said five gymnasts were sent from Maharashtra to the Asian Junior Championship and all had to pay for their own expenses. Despite several attempts, the Maharashtra Gymnastics Association did not comment.Dhage said they were notified only 10 days before the Asian Junior Championship. \"There are no pre-competition camps held.\" Despite no practice, Shravani came ninth on the vaulting table. \"She gave stiff competition to those from China, Japan and Korea, who underwent at least five months of high-end training.\"Shravani continues to depend on her innate skill and coach Pawan Bhoir. She practises for four hours daily at Bhoir Gymkhana in Dombivli. \"The government should help budding gymnasts by adopting them and giving them access to training, financial aid and other benefits,\" said Bhoir.\"I want to win a Chhatrapati Puraskar and participate in the Olympics,\" said Shravani, national winner in the uneven bar, balancing beam, floor exercise and all-around categories for four years. She has bagged 82 gold, 32 silver and 11 bronze medals at national and international games. Shravani has also scored 91% in her Class VIII exams. Her father is worried that she may have to limit herself to academics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15455412", "title": "Kin rapes girl on marriage pretext", "text": "GURGAON: A 16-year-old girl was allegedly raped by one of her relatives who had promised to marry her.The accused had allegedly kept her hostage and sexually exploited her on the pretext of marriage.Sixteen-year-old Sabina (name changed), a native of Ghaziabad, has lodged a complaint with the police against her relative, Taareef. On July 22, the two of them had gone to visit their aunt at a private hospital in Palam Vihar who was admitted there.After they met, Taareef persuaded Sabina to accompany him to his native village in Bihar. He had promised to marry her and asked Sabina to go with him and meet his relatives and see his house in Bihar. On the same day in the evening, they left for Bihar.It was there that the man exploited Sabina physically, she has accused. He even told Sabina's family later that she was at his residence in Bihar.On August 5, a family member of the victim came to fetch her and took her back to Ghaziabad, where she is currently living.It was then that she told her family about the exploitation by Taareef and they approached the police in Ghaziabad. But they said that since the duo had left for Bihar from Gurgaon, they were asked to file an FIR there. \"We have lodged an FIR with charges of rape and kidnapping against Taareef. A medical examination has been conducted. We are investigating the case,\" said investigator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15453867", "title": "Rift among govt bodies impedes Nashik's basic infrastructure", "text": "NASHIK: Lack of coordination among government agencies, arising out of indolence, hierarchical issues, political interference or ego hassles, is known to have stalled projects and jeopardized the functioning of the governmental machinery. In Nashik, the rift among various government agencies hampers the delivery of basic infrastructural amenities to the citizens.For instance, the supply of electricity to citizens has been intermittently interrupted. While citizens, who are used to power cuts, usually neglect it as a load-shedding exercise of the state power utility or some unforeseen technical snag, the reason, at times, is different.Residents in Hirawadi, Makhmalabad Road and RTO Corner in Panchavati area have been facing power interruptions more frequently than their counterparts in other parts of the city. The disruption in power supply is not due to any technical snag or unscheduled load-shedding by the power supply company, but because of thieves who steal transformer oil and copper wires from transformers.In a bizarre development, criminals have struck at six places in a week to siphon off hundreds of litre of oil and copper wire. They have toppled the transformer from its platform, thereby damaging it to steal the copper.The remarkable thing is that the criminals meticulously switched off power supply, removed the cables, separated the transformer, unbolted it and then siphoned the oil. To facilitate the removal of copper windings, the transformer was toppled down its platform. The modus operandi hints at the involvement of insiders who know the job.The striking aspect of the thefts is that they continued unabated despite tall claims made by the city police that boasts of curbing crimes through combing operations (most of which were in Panchvati areas) and flag marches of local police personnel as well as special squads like the quick response teams.Interestingly, instead of taking immediate cognizance of such incidents, the concerned police officials are reportedly hesitant about registering FIRs and investigating the case. Officials from the state power utility requesting anonymity say that the men in uniform ask them to keep the value of the theft below Rs 15,000 in each incident, so that it does not warrant further probe or follow-up action.The reluctance of the police officials in registering FIRs has also come to the fore in the past while dealing with thefts of copper cables of the Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited along the Mumbai-Agra national highway. The cable thefts had snapped connectivity to hundreds of telephones in the Cidco and Indiranagar areas on several occasions.The lack of coordination is not limited to just police and other government agencies. The issue of staggering school timings in the city to prevent thousands of students hitting the streets during the evening peak hours, thereby causing traffic snarls and overcrowded buses, is hanging fire since the last academic year.In this case, the proposal of the Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation that runs the city bus service is lying unattended with the concerned authorities like the district collector, the municipal corporation, and the education officers of primary and secondary education departments. These inert agencies are expected to work out a formula after consulting the schools, to ease traffic congestion and provide relief to students as well as other citizens.Gajanan Shelar's wings clippedThe NCP has clipped the wings of one of its boisterous leaders in the city, Gajanan Shelar. Shelar was the city president of the party and had contested the Nashik Municipal Corporation election in February this year from ward no. 54 (a). He was, however, defeated by an NCP party rebel Sanjay Chavan, prompting Shelar to quit the city president's post in protest.After his defeat, Shelar blamed the Bhujbal clan for conspiring against him and vowed that henceforth, he would only be a loyal follower of Deputy Chief Minister Ajit Pawar. Subsequently, Shelar went to Mumbai and returned with news that he was appointed as a secretary of the state NCP unit.The list of office-bearers declared by the NCP few days ago does not include Shelar's name.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "mhow", "code": "15455985", "title": "Mhow-Kalakund rail route, a high potential tourist destination", "text": "MHOW: The Mhow-Kalakund rail route that passes through the picturesque hills and valleys of Vindhyachal mountain range, has potential to gain a prominent place on tourism map of the region. However, despite continuous demand from the local people and growing threat of forest mafias, the route is lurking in dark sans development.Built by the British about 150 years back, the route is blessed with captivating landscape and mesmerizing flora and fauna. Proximity of just 32 kilometers from Indore railway station is an added advantage. When one starts journey from Mhow railway station, Patalpani waterfall can be seen on the right. The train stops there for five minutes break and resumes the journey to enter a tunnel, with which the excitement starts. The train then passes through turns and three more tunnels and crosses the Choral River at as many as six points before reaching Kalakund station. With its scenic beauty and landscape, the journey of about thirty minutes leaves the passengers mesmerized. However, very few from Indore know of the route except those who have travelled on the Mhow- Khandwa railway route.About two years ago, the then Managing Director of Madhya Pradesh Tourism Development Corporation (MPTDC) Dr Ashwini Lohani had visited the area both by train and road and explored the immense possibilities of developing the area as a tourist spot. He also held discussions with railway officials about starting a special train between Mhow and Choral railway stations. However, before the project could take off, Dr Lohani was transferred to some other department.Local leaders of Kodariya and Chordiya villages, Ramlal Chohan, Bhagwan Patel, Ashok Patidar and Ashok Anjana, have time and again raised the issue before the tourism ministry officials to develop the area as a tourist spot. Chohan said that Patalpani is a favourite tourist spot and people from Indore and even neighboring districts come here to see the beautiful waterfall and the number of picnickers swell on Sundays and other holidays. \"A rise in the number of tourists will help increase income of the tribal people living in the areas which in turn will enhance their standard of living,\" Chohan said.Ashok Patidar, a senior BJP leader and former state president of BJP Kisan Morcha said that the forest mafia have become active in the region creating a severe threat to the thick jungles rich in teak. \"If the area is developed as a tourist destination, the policing authorities too will get more active. This will check the activities that are causing a threat to the jungles,\" Patidar said.Talking to TOI, regional manager of MPTDC, NR Jamali said that he has seen photographs of the area and found that the area has great tourism potential. He said that he will soon visit the area and explore the possibilities for development of tourism there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15455931", "title": "Shivraj Singh Chouhan seeks Rs 525 crore central assistance for flood relief", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh government has requested for an immediate central assistance of Rs 525 crore for providing flood relief and restoration of damaged infrastructure in the state.State chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan on Saturday called on Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in New Delhi and apprised him of the damages caused due to the flood-like situation in many districts during the recent heavy rains, a government spokesman said.He said that heavy rainfall during the last week of July and the first week of August had caused loss of lives and damaged crops, infrastructure and household properties. Soybean crop has suffered extensive damage due to incessant rains and submerge, he added.Chouhan said that major districts like Bhopal , Hoshangabad, Harda, Raisen, Vidisha, Sehore, Ujjain, Dewas, Khandwa, Khargone, Dhar, are severely affected by the floods.Drawing prime minister's attention towards the recent increase in the price of fertilizer, specially DAP, Potash, the chief minister demanded that the centre take immediate steps for roll back of prices in the interests of farmers. He also sought suitable amendment in the food security Act which, he said, was not at all practical.Chouhan also pointed out that the Supreme Court decision on banning tourism activities in core areas of National Park and reserve forest areas would affect the livelihood of thousands of persons living around the forest areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15454998", "title": "5 youths held for blackmailing", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Five youths, including a girl, were arrested for blackmailing a hotelier, while introducing themselves as media persons from vernacular newspapers, in Sector 38 on Friday night.Besides a girl, other accused were identified as Raj Kumar , Shri Kant, RakeshSharma and Jitender. Police have also recovered identity cards of some newspapers from their possession and at present the cards are being verified. Accused have already taken Rs 5,000 from the manager of Hotel Simran, Shiv Singh, and were demanded another Rs 20,000.In his statement to police, Shiv Singh said initially a youth and girl had booked the room in his hotel and subsequently a crew carrying still cameras and video cameras entered the hotel and threatened him that they will ruin the reputation of his hotel in newspapers, while publishing that illegal activities are going on in hotel.Accused were produced in the district courts, Sector 17, and sent in judicial custody for 14 days on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15455137", "title": "Police detain Gopal Kanda\u2019s kin", "text": "GURGAON: Delhi Police conducted fresh raids at the Gurgaon residence of Haryana's former minister Gopal Goyal Kanda, key accused in the Geetika Sharma suicide case, and detained a relative of Kanda on Saturday afternoon.Although the 15-member raiding party led by a Delhi Police Inspector Pankaj Malik did not reveal details to the media, a source said that the detained was a nephew of Kanda.Also on Saturday, a two-member team of the National Commission for Women (NCW) visited the MDLR Airlines office in Gurgaon and questioned staff members for an hour.The cops searched Kanda's house in Civil Lines for two hours and detained his 18-year-old relative. Police checked the computer hard disk, photo albums and diaries in Kanda's house apart from questioning his family members.Police were in the house from around noon till 2pm, when a car left the Kandas' residence with the detained member of the family.The cops refused to divulge anything other than saying that they had come in search of Kanda, who is on the run. The police team then proceeded towards Delhi.Meanwhile, a two-member team of National Commission for Women went to the office of Kanda's defunct airline, MDLR, in the old judicial complex, Civil Lines. Samina Saufik and another NCW member questioned MDLR employees for an hour. After their work of fact-gathering was done, the two left for Delhi.Kanda, who owned the now-defunct MDLR Airlines where the 23-year-old Geetika Sharma was earlier employed, as been booked for abetment to Geetika's suicide and criminal intimidation, on August 5. Police have been deployed at the MDLR office and around his house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15454982", "title": "Stents to cure chronic sinusitis", "text": "NEW DELHI: For years, they have been used to open blocked arteries. In a novel approach, drug-eluting stents are now being used to cure chronic sinusitis which is not treatable with medicines. The technique is also advisable for diabetics and those suffering from hypertension.The procedure, which involves insertion of a small tube-shaped wire coated with steroid solution into the sinus cavity, was recently conducted at Sir Ganga Ram Hospital. The patient \u2014 an orthopeadic surgeon at the hospital \u2014 is doing fine, claimed Dr Shalabh Sharma, the ENT surgeon.\"In the case of angioplasty, the stent remains inside the body. But here, we put the stent in the nasal passage \u2014 there is formation of grape-like swelling \u2014 and it is removed after four weeks. The main aim is to administer low doses of steroids in the affected area and save the patient from the side-effects caused by a large quantity of steroids,\" said Dr Sharma. He added that the stent can be inserted under local anesthesia, making it safe even for the elderly or those unfit for general anesthesia. \"I was recently diagnosed with early stage sinusitis. Doctors prescribed high doses of steroids but I wasn't willing to go in for the treatment because of the numerous side-effects. So, when the ENT specialist suggested the stent option, I was more than happy to go for it,\" said the 40-year-old patient.\"Sinusitis is caused by inflammation of the mucous membrane located in the face and nose region. It puts pressure on eyes, nose and on one side of the head, resulting in a headache. The common causes of the disease include bacterial or viral infection, cold, allergies, airborne fungus, nasal or sinus obstructions, and respiratory tract infections,\" said a senior doctor.According to a recent report by the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAD), one in eight Indians suffers from chronic sinusitis. \"In most patients, the symptoms are controlled with oral medications and nasal spray. In about 15% cases, steroids do not work for various reasons and patient need to undergo surgical removal of the polyps. Drug-eluting stents are less painful and more effective compared to surgery,\" said Sharma.However, the cost of surgery is a little steep. The stent itself comes for Rs 80,000 and the surgery costs about Rs 20,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15455047", "title": "Cabbie strangled to death", "text": "BANGALORE: A 28-year-old cab driver with a city-based travel agency was strangled to death near Seegehalli, Tavarekere in Ramanagaram.The victim, P Kumaraswamy, a resident of Peenya and a native of Hirisave in Hassan left Bangalore on Friday evening saying he was driving outstation with some clients. Preliminary probe revealed that his valuables, including mobile and wallet were intact.\"It appears the assailants and the victim were old-time enemies,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15454294", "title": "Dengue sting yet to rouse government, 80 take ill", "text": "KOLKATA: With 80 patients lying in hospital, the administration can no longer deny the dengue outbreak. The alarm was sprung in Salt Lake three days ago, but it turns out that 80% of dengue cases are in the Kolkata Municipal Corporation area.Officials said on Saturday that they are \"gearing up to prevent an endemic-kind of situation\". For days after the outbreak, the administration brushed the threat under the carpet in spite of evidence that dengue is spreading fast. Now, when the alarm bells are ringing, it is still in the \"gearing-up\" mode.Minister of state for health Chandrima Bhattacharya held a press conference on Saturday - the first on the outbreak - and said that till August 7, the official number of dengue patients stands at 80. Fourteen of them are in North 24-Parganas, including Salt Lake, one each from Hooghly and Nadia, and 64 in Kolkata.\"The health department follows the MAC Elisa testing procedure which is accepted by the Union government and the National Vector Borne Diseases Protocol 2009. The NS-1 test, which is normally followed by many, is just a preliminary test. It's not foolproof. Testing positive in NS-1 only gives an indication that the person may or may not have dengue. The MAC Elisa test confirms whether a person has dengue,\" Bhattacharya said at the press conference at Swastha Bhavan.Officials said that since dengue was not listed as a 'notified disease' in the clinical establishment act like cholera , tuberculosis or yellow fever , the health department cannot take action against private hospitals if they do not provide them with information on dengue victims. \"We can only inform the medical council against the private hospital if we receive a complaint,\" Bhattacharya said.On Friday, the health department told officials of 25 private hospitals that the government is not receiving the proper addresses of dengue patients provided by them.Bhattacharya said that the health department has held meetings with KMC and Bidhannagar municipality to take stock of the situation. \"We have asked for information from five KMC laboratories that conduct the tests. All 142 medical officers in the KMC will be trained to handle dengue and they will coordinate with local councillors and other doctors. We have started identifying the number of medical officers who would be trained in Salt Lake,\" the minister said, adding that the Bidhannagar subdivisional hospital is the collection centre for dengue test samples in Salt Lake.The minister said that the health department has allotted funds to KMC, Bidhananagar Municipality and 40 other municipalities in the state under the vector disease control programme. \"We have given KMC Rs 16 lakh, Bidhananagar Rs 3 lakh and Rs 75,000 each to other 40 municipalities. The school of tropical medicine has been given the responsibility to follow clinic-based protocol. All the medical college and hospitals, NICED, school of tropical medicine and the five laboratories under KMC will conduct the tests,\" she said.Civic officials have been asked to ensure that water does not accumulate at construction sites, which are mushrooming on the outskirts. The health department will hold another meeting with the railways and Kolkata Port Trust on August 17 to discuss the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15454119", "title": "Technical snag delays flight to Kuwait by 6 hours", "text": "CHENNAI: Passengers scheduled to fly on a 6am flight to Kuwait on Saturday had a tough time as the flight was delayed by more than six hours.Airport sources said passengers who reached the airport three hours before departure to board the Kuwait Airways flight number KU344 had to wait for long before they were moved to a hotel by the airline.An aircraft scheduled to arrive at 4.30am was delayed due to a technical problem and reached Chennai only at 12.45pm. Since the airline planned to use the same aircraft for the Chennai-Kuwait flight, it departed only at 1.30pm.Passengers had already checked in and were waiting for the boarding call when the airline officials informed them that the flight would be delayed by several hours.While departing passengers were moved to a hotel after it became clear that the delay would be longer than three hours, those who reached the airport to receive relatives and friends coming by Kuwait-Chennai flight had to jostle for space outside the international terminal where construction work was going on.The flight status board merely stated that the flight was delayed. As visitors are banned from entering the airport, people were not able to enquire with the airport authorities or the airline staff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15454379", "title": "Mother ill, 11-year-old turns labourer", "text": "KOLKATA: For the first couple of days, Class-V teacher Manoj Mishra did not realize that a student was missing from his class. But Manoj became worried when Habib Sain failed to turn up even after a week. Mishra started wondering if Habib, a student of Nagharia High School, had taken ill or if he had dropped out of school like other kids from poor families.\"I had gone to Surat with my father,\" he mumbled. Though Habib is too young to know where Surat is, he said it was a long train journey, followed by one in a bus to a horribly hot place where people were cooped up in tents. \"There was a lot of heat and dust but I didn't have any trouble because father was there,\" he saidOn being asked why he went to Surat, the boy said, \"We needed money for mother. There is jinn (an evil spirit) in our house that attacked mother. She fell ill, writhed in pain and could not see or eat properly. She needed treatment. But father could not manage the money. I, therefore, told him that I wanted to help him earn enough to fund mother's treatment. So we set off for Surat to work at a construction site.\"After Habib returned home with the money, his mother Amina was admitted to hospital. Habib's father Kalimuddin, a labourer, said: \"Amina fell ill. The doctors prescribed expensive medicine, asked me to get a number of pathology tests done and even suggested hospitalization. It was impossible to afford it with this meager income. Hence, I decided to take Habib along to earn twice as much.\"At the construction site in Surat, the little boy was entrusted the job of fetching drinking water for workers at the site. \"The source of water was some distance away. But since I had to quench people's thirst, I didn't feel the pain,\" Habib said.Learning about Habib's plight, Mishra was overcome with emotion. When he narrated the story to school principal Sunil Sarkar, he too was touched.\"When Habib did not come to class for several days, we enquired about his whereabouts and learnt that he had gone away. The prolonged absence was disconcerting. But now that we know the real reason, we feel proud of him,\" the principal said, adding: \"We will try to ensure that he does not have to look for a job to fund his mother's treatment. Display of such maturity is rare in a child this young,\" he said.Amina Biwi, the proud mother, hugged Habib, the eldest of her three children. \"After a week in hospital, I got cured, thanks to Allah and my son,\" she murmured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15454003", "title": "Police orders probe into attacks on northeast students, professionals", "text": "PUNE: City police commissioner Gulabrao Pol has ordered a probe into the attacks by unknown people on a group of students and some professionals from the northeast in the city during the last few days.According to a complaint lodged by the students, they were being selectively targeted by the attackers in Kondhwa and Pune Cantonment areas.At least six instances of such attacks, including a fresh one registered with the Cantonment police on Saturday, have come to the fore. The students, all of whom hail from Manipur, have lodged complaints with the Kondhwa and Pune Cantonment police. Four of the complaints are of cognisable nature, and the attacks took place at colleges in the Pune Camp and Kondhwa areas on Wednesday and Thursday, the police said.Shaken by the attacks, the students from six northeastern states got together to form the North-East Students' Forum, which held a couple of meetings with Pol on Thursday and Friday. They sought protection as well as action against the culprits and efforts to sensitise people against such attacks.During the meeting, representatives of the forum expressed fears that the attacks might be a fallout of the recent ethnic clashes in Assam.So far, neither the police commissioner nor the investigators have been able to ascertain the motive behind the attacks. \"It's too early to comment on the motive, but we have taken serious cognisance of the complaints and are investigating them on priority,\" Pol told TOI on Saturday. \"We are expecting a preliminary inquiry report early next week as more details will come out when the college where two of these attacks took place will reopen on Monday following the weekend holidays.\"A fairly large number of students from the northeast, who are pursuing their higher studies at various academic institutions in the city, reside in Kondhwa and Pune Cantonment areas as they are closer to the campuses.Police held a meeting with prominent citizens, leaders of all communities and elected members and appealed to them to help the administration in maintaining peace.Senior inspector Prasad Hasabnis, in charge of the Kondhwa police, said, \"Of the three complaints lodged with us, two are of non-cognisable nature while the third involves rioting against three Manipuri youngsters working with infotech (IT) companies in the city. In all these cases, the victims said, before being attacked, they were asked which place they belonged to.\"Senior inspector Sushma Chavan, in charge of the Cantonment police, said, \"Five students have complained they were beaten up on the college campus. We have registered a case of rioting against unidentified persons.\"In yet another complaint filed on Saturday, seven Manipuri students said they were attacked by unidentified people outside the college on Wednesday and Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "15453431", "title": "Land crisis delays Gram Nyayalaya launch", "text": "DALTONGANJ: The proposed Gram Nayayalaya in each of the 20 blocks of Palamu district has been delayed and it will take some more time for the court to start proceedings owing to many procedural bottlenecks.According to the Palamu principal district and sessions judge (PDJ) V K Sahay, land availability is one of the major problems plaguing the process and the district administration has been asked to find a suitable spot. He also agreed that there is a shortage of government-owned land in Palamu.When this correspondent reminded the judge that for three years officials have failed to find a suitable plot for a proposed medical college or the Nilamber Pitamber University's administrative building, Sahay said: \"Let there ind a suitable plot of land first, and then we will escalate the process.\"Sources in the Palamu civil courts said the Gram Nayalaya will be launched phase-wise across the 20 blocks of the district. The sources added that this court cannot function from the premise of the block office as there is a space crunch there the campus is used for a village fair.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15460148", "title": "Saurabh Raj Jain fuming over fake Facebook account", "text": "Saurabh Raj Jain, who plays the character of Yuvraj in Uttaran is extremely worried these days.A few days ago, Saurabh was in for a rude shock when he realized that somebody is interacting with his friends and fans under his name on a social networking site The imposter has not only used Saurabh's pics on the profile page but is also constantly chatting with all the people who know Saurabh (especially his female friends). He is also exchanging numbers and using foul language. The existence of this imposter came to Saurabh's notice while he was interacting with one his fans. Saurabh says, \"I was really worried and realized that someone is up to some mischief and misusing my name. Recently a female fan of mine mailed me some stuff regarding this problem. She mailed me the details as to what all is happening. The person tried to use foul language with her and took her number as well and even called her up, but as she knew everything about me he was not able to fool her. I was very shocked to hear all this because I have taken all the necessary steps to make sure that my account stays private.\" When quizzed about the actions he is planning to take, Saurabh says, \"I am following due procedure and have informed the authorities of face book to take the necessary action. For all my friends and fans if someone happens to add you I can safely say it's not me.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15458146", "title": "Dulquer Salmaan's June shelved", "text": "After the success of Usthad Hotel, it was immediately announced that the actor will start next in debutant Kannan's flick June.However, the latest news we hear is that the flick has been shelved due to \"\"creative differences\"\" between the director and the rest of the team.Incidentally, VC Ismail, who was supposed to produce the musical love story with Dulquer playing a guitarist, have moved on to another project Theevram for which the star kid has allotted the dates.Theevram, directed by Roopesh Peethambaran, has begun shooting in Kochi and also stars Anu Mohan, Vishnu Raghav, Sreenivasan and Ria Saira.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15454777", "title": "UP may withdraw criminal case against Sanjay Dutt", "text": "LUCKNOW: The state government may withdraw the criminal case against bollywood star Sanjay Dutt . The actor was booked for his alleged \"pappi-jhappi\" remark on BSP chief Mayawati while campaigning in Barabanki during 2009 Lok Sabha elections. Dutt was at that time the general secretary of Samajwadi Party .The actor in July this year made a request to the state government to withdraw the case. Following this principal secretary home RM Srivastava sought a detailed report of the case from the Barabanki administration. Srivastava confirmed that the government has received the report but refused to divulge the details.Sources in the home department, however, said Dutt's request and the case report are being examined by a committee comprising principal secretaries from law and home departments. The final decision would be taken by the government based on the committee's recommendations. Sources said the committee met on Saturday and a decision in this regard may be expected some time next week.The case relates to a public meeting held on April 19, 2009, in Dariyabad block of Barabanki's Ram Sanehi Ghat tehsil. Dutt, who was Samajwadi Party's star campaigner at that time, had said he would give a 'jadu ki jhappi' and a 'pappi' to Mayawati to change her attitude towards her rivals. Though Dutt later apologised for his remark and clarified that the jhappi (magical hug) was for Mayawati whom he considered as his sister and pappi (kiss) was for the people, the police lodged an FIR against him under Section 294 (obscene act and songs) and Section 509 (word, gesture or act intended to insult the modesty of woman) of the Indian Penal Code.On August 25, 2009, police filed a chargesheet in the case and an additional chief judicial magistrate Barabanki summoned the actor. Though the trial is underway, Dutt got a stay order from the high court on his arrest.Dutt was brought into the SP fold by party's former leader Amar Singh. The SP had decided to field Dutt from Lucknow during 2009 Lok Sabha elections, but the Supreme Court did not give him permission for contesting since he was convicted in the Mumbai blast case. Dutt then became the party's start campaigner. However, in 2010 after Amar Singh was expelled from the SP, Dutt also quit the party and withdrew from active politics. Later, he parted ways with Amar Singh as well. Earlier this year, Dutt joined the Congress.Besides Dutt, the SP government is also withdrawing cases lodged against party workers and leaders, including mafia-turned-politicians like Abhay Singh, during Mayawati rule. The government claims these cases were false and meant for harassment. The government has also withdrawn criminal cases lodged against farmers of Tappal in Aligarh during a demonstration against land acquisition in August 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15455151", "title": "Governor bats for more specialized tribunals", "text": "BANGALORE: There is need for setting up more specialized tribunals equipped with talented people from judiciary. This is the opinion of governor HR Bhardwaj.Inaugurating the silver jubilee celebrations of Central Administrative Tribunal ( CAT) Bangalore bench on Saturday, the governor who was also Union law minister for several years, observed that both the Supreme Court and high courts should take lead in identifying the requirements of the system.HL Dattu, senior judge of the Supreme Court, complimented the tribunals for taking off the work load from courts and said the present pendency figure of 40,000 cases in 17 tribunals across the country is manageable.High court Chief Justice Vikramjit Sen said the tribunals are delivering justice quite well and only one out of every five cases from them are going to the high court.Legal experts including former Chief Justice of India MN Venkatachaliah, former Supreme Court Judge N Venkatachala, senior advocates BV Acharya, Subba Rao and others were felicitated on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15455476", "title": "Three more suicides in Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: A newly married woman, Reshma Jibad (20), slit her wrist and then hanged herself at her Chaitaneshwar residence under the jurisdiction of Nandanwan police station on Friday afternoon.Reshma's father Diliprao, a wireman at BSNL,had got her married to Rajesh Jibad on June 22 this year. Rajesh works with a bakery products company.On Friday morning, Rajesh left for his job and Reshma was at home with her mother-in-law. At noon, Reshma had her lunch with mother-in-law and went to take rest in her room. After a few minutes, Reshma slit her wrists with a blade. She also used ice to stop the bleeding and later hanged herself to the ceiling hook with her dupatta.Around 4 pm, Reshma's mother-in-law went to call Reshma but found her hanging. No suicide note was found. Police said that Diliprao has stated that they have no complaints against her in-laws.In another incident, Narasala resident Durgaprasad Nagdive (25), a labourer, killed himself by consuming poison.At Gittikhadan, 28-year-old Lalit Tumdam hanged himself at his Virchakra colony residence on Katol road on Friday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "townsville", "code": "15459021", "title": "Under-19 World Cup: West Indies beat India by 4 wickets", "text": "TOWNSVILLE: Shoddy batting by top-order saw Unmukt Chand-led India Under-19 side lose their opening World Cup match against the West Indies by four wickets on Sunday.On a slow track at the Tony Ireland stadium, the Indian colts could never get going as they were restricted to a paltry 166 for eight in their stipulated 50 overs.Despite early hiccups, the West Indies team slowly but surely reached the target with 17 balls to spare. John Campbell (36, 70 balls, 1x4, 1x6) and Anthony Alleyne (52, 91 balls, 2x4, 1x6) added 58 runs for the third wicket to put West Indies on track while Alleyne and Kyle Mayers (43, 54 balls, 4x4,1x6) added another 58 for the fifth wicket to consolidate further.It was India's poor performance with the bat that led to this heart-breaking defeat. A lot depended on skipper Chand (22, 61 balls, 3x4) but he failed to get going as the track was not conducive for a free-flowing stroke player like him.Left-arm medium pacer Jerome Jones (2/23), Ronsford Beaton (3/33) and Kyle Mayers (2/35) shared the bulk of the spoils between them. Losing three quick wickets in the first fifteen overs also pegged India back.Prashant Chopra (1), Baba Aparajith (5) and the talented Hanuman Vihari (8) were dismissed cheaply as India were struggling at 34 for three. Chand followed suit as he edged one to keeper Sunil Ambris off Mayers's bowling as India were left tottering at 50 for four.Zol (26, 52 balls,1x4) and wicket-keeper batsman Smit Patel (51, 99 balls 5x4) then added 41 runs for the fifth wicket while Patel and Akshdeep Nath (19, 32 balls) added a further 44 runs for the sixth wicket as India managed to cross the 150-run mark.The Indian bowlers started in right earnest as seamer Sandeep Sharma (2/27) sent back the West Indies skipper and Test opener Kraigg Braithwaite (4) and his opening partner Sunil Ambris (4) early. He managed to move the ball both ways on a helpful track. His first spell figures read 5-2-5-2.With limited options in the seam bowling department, the Indian team could not press on and the skipper Unmukt Chand had to introduce the spinners as early as the 12th over.But, the left-handed pair of John Campbell and Anthony Alleyne brought the chase back on track with an important 58-run partnership. Just when it appeared that West Indies would finish the match without further damage, two quick wickets by left-arm spinner Harmeet Singh (3/35) managed to put brakes on the scoring rate.Indian spinners Harmeet and other left-arm spinner Vikas Mishra (1/39) managed to tighten their stranglehold on a slow pitch and did not allow West Indies to run away with the match.But, half-centurion Alleyne conjured another vital partnership of 58 runs for the fifth wicket with all-rounder Kyle Mayers taking them closer to the target.The Indians managed to prize out both the set-batsmen but it was too late by then. Akeal Hosein (11) and Justin Greaves (5) made sure the West Indies finished the match without further damage.Indian skipper Unmukt Chand later, blamed the below-par batting for the loss. \"Our batting didn't do well today. The wicket supported the bowlers. It was seaming. We'll take many positives out from this match.\"Praising the spinners of the team, Chand said, \"Our spinners have been doing well. We thought they'll succeed on this wicket. Credit to our bowlers for the way they bowled and fought back.\"The Indian colts will take on Zimbabwe in the next encounter on August 14.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15454762", "title": "Team Anna denies rift in ranks", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after reports suggested that social crusader Anna Hazare was reluctant to be associated with a political party, erstwhile Team Anna members dismissed the speculation adding there were no difference in the group though the timing of the announcement had left many surprised.A majority of the former Team Anna members will be meeting in the next few days to finalize the modalities about the new political party. There will be a group of people including Anna, Justice Santosh Hegde and a few others who could be a 'moral oversight group', while another group, including Arvind Kejriwal, Prashant Bhushan and others, will be part of the team that will micro-manage political affairs.Sunita Godara, who was a member of Team Anna's Core Committee that was disbanded by Hazare earlier this week, claimed that the activist did not exert pressure on anyone but said that they were free to choose their own path.\"He (Hazare) told us that we are not yet ready to enter the political fraternity. The letter given by Anna depicted that the resolution, points and questions raised by Anna Hazare in front of the public, now even we are in the gambit to find answers to those questions.\"He told us that if you feel that this new alternative is a better way to fight against corruption and you believe that through this new alternative, you will win this fight then you have the freedom to choose that,\" she said.\"If you decide to stay with me or not, I will continue to work in a non-violent social way,\" she said quoting Hazare.Justice Santosh Hegde, who was also associated with the movement, said he is convinced that Hazare was right in not going political. \"I don't think Team Anna would be able to successfully float a party and find candidates for all constituencies,\" he said.Supreme Court lawyer Prashant Bhushan said Anna had spelt out the challenges and problems in taking up the political option in his last blog and there was no change in the stand. He refused to comment on the perception that the activist was offering \"conditional support\" only saying, \"our response will be clear by our actions in the coming days.\" His colleague Arvind Kejriwal refused to comment.Fellow activist Kiran Bedi tweeted, \"Anna endorsed political option (vikalp) for those wanting and for others, left movement open. Can choose!\"Sources in the group said announcing the move towards a \"political\" alternative had been taken by Anna after consultations with some of the core committee members who were present at Jantar Mantar and Godara was not part of the process. \"While there was no one who contradicted Anna's decision, the initial idea was to wait for a few days before making it public and allowing the idea to sink in among the public and volunteers and supporters. However, Anna decided to make the announcement of the decision and ending the fast on August 2 itself,\" a source.This left several volunteers and supporters angry accusing Team Anna of \"betrayal\". Apparently Anna had circulated the Gandhi speech to demonstrate that volunteers were not ready for a political movement if they could not accept the decision of their leader. The activists have subsequently issued several statements asking for public opinion on their decision to go political with Kejriwal even writing a letter to volunteers defending the move.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15453854", "title": "Did Zakaria bite off more than he could chew?", "text": "There was no insight as to how Fareed Zakaria , whose reputation as an original writer and analyst is so great that he has been spoken of a future state department official, came to craft a nearly identical para published in as prominent a magazine as the New Yorker , but it isn't difficult to guess.Ever since Mac-PC enabled cut and paste editing, it has been used as a shortcut to speedy writing, dressed with lifted quotes and data. Many writers, journalists, and researchers resort to this, some fitfully and unintentionally, others willfully and extensively. Often, busy writers employ researchers who give them the raw material which may have been lifted. None of this absolves the authors of responsibility.Zakaria clearly has his plate full. Besides his GPS program on CNN, he also writes for Time magazine , is an in-demand public speaker and is a regular presence on Twitter and Facebook. The most charitable explanation from his friends and followers on social media was that he took on too much and ended up taking short cuts.Accepting his apology, Time said it was suspending his column for a month. \"Time accepts Fareed's apology, but what he did violate our own standards for our columnists, which is that their work must not only be factual but original; their views must not only be their own but their words as well. As a result, we are suspending Fareed's column for a month, pending further review.\" CNN made a similar statement later pulling out Zakaria's blog because it contained similar \"unattributed\" excerpts of historian Jill Lepore's essay.The 48-year-old scholar is one of the most respected global voices on international affairs and US foreign policy. He has written books and published articles that have been critically acclaimed for years besides hosting a popular current affairs programme, 'Fareed Zakaria GPS' on CNN on the Sunday prime-time slot. Zakaria is on the board of trustees of Yale university . This is not the first time Zakaria has come under fire. In 2009, Jeffrey Goldberg of The Atlantic accused Zakaria of lifting quotes from his interviews with Israeli leaders. In May this year, Zakaria had to clarify that he wasn't \"advising\" the US president Barack Obama as he had appeared to indicate in a television interview.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "kokrajhar", "code": "15455859", "title": "Plea to replace CBI officer", "text": "KOKRAJHAR: Twenty four organizations of the BTC area on Saturday urged Union home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde to replace K Salem Ali , special director, CBI (Guwahati Zone), who is currently heading the CBI probe into the ethnic violence in Kokrajhar, Chirang and Dhubri districts. The Coordination Committee for Peace and Harmony (CCPM), a platform of 24 organizations representing different communities, said Ali's replacement is needed for an impartial inquiry.A team led by CCPM chairman Malta Hembrom and convener Hemendra Nath Brahma will meet the home minister during his proposed visit on Monday. \"The clash was between Bodos and Muslim immigrants. For an impartial inquiry, the home minister should replace Ali with another officer outside Bodo or Muslim community,\" said CCPM.The CCPM has urged the centre and the state government to allow return of relief camp inmates to their villages only after proper verification of their nationality. The committee also demanded the state government not to withdraw the army from the trouble-torn districts till permanent peace is achieved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15459147", "title": "MJ's will shot down in court", "text": "A memorabilia dealer working with Katherine Jackson violated copyrights owned by Michael Jackson's estate and can't use the material in the future, a federal judge ordered on Friday.In a victory for the late pop star's estate, U.S. District Judge Dean Pregerson said that businessman Howard Mann had no right to use art from the movie 'This Is It,' the Jackson song 'Destiny,' and material from an anniversary release DVD of 'Thriller' on web properties including michaeljacksonsecretvault.com.The website, now inactive, was set up to sell a hardcover tribute book, which Mann had published with Katherine two years ago.The judge granted a permanent injunction against unauthorized use of the material saying that due to Mann's longstanding interest in Jackson and ties to his parents, \"future violations are likely.\"An upcoming trial will decide damages, but Judge Pregerson wrote, \"defendants are unlikely to be able to pay damages, given their substantial outstanding debts.\"The estate had filed the lawsuit against Mann more than a year ago claiming his venture with Katherine was illegal, confusing to consumers and potentially damaging to legitimate business ventures trying to earn money for Michael's mother and three children.\"The Court's ruling makes clear that Howard Mann had no right to use Michael Jackson's intellectual property for his own benefit,\" the New York Daily News quoted estate lawyer Zia Modabber as saying in a statement on Friday.\"The Executors of the Michael Jackson Estate are extremely pleased with the Court's ruling which prevents Mann from continuing to unlawfully profit from Michael Jackson and his intellectual property,\" a statement from an estate spokesman read.Mann, however, did not seem deterred and vowed to fight on and said he doesn't believe the judge's ruling applies to the hardcopy tribute book that he published with Katherine's blessing.\"It's obviously very disappointing, but we intend to go back with some additional information. We still feel we have marketing rights related to the book,\" Mann added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15458206", "title": "I was born to play the tabla: Ojas Adhiya!", "text": "When Ojas Adhiya (he entered record books in 1993 as India's youngest tabla player) was just six months old, he would get down from his mother's lap and crawl towards the tabla wherever he saw one.Recounting the experience, Ojas smiles, \"You can say that I was born to play the tabla! I started performing even before I was four years old. Noticing this, my father put me under the care of Kalyanji-Anandji. Once Kalyanji heard me, I was promptly included in their group for young talent, and I got to tour extensively and perform in hundreds of concerts. It was a life changing experience. After that, I was introduced to Mridangraj ji, who has been my guru for years. It was he who suggested that I must shift to Mumbai to do full justice to my talent.\"From Pandit Shiv Kumar Sharma and Pandit Satish Vyas to Anup Jalota and Pandit Hariprasad Chaurasia, he has performed with almost all the legendary maestros from India. A proud Ojas says, \"I have been lucky. I will also never forget the experience of performing with Ustad Rais Khan. I also enjoyed performing with Purshottam Upadhyay, who is just flawless when it comes to Gujarati ghazals!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15455471", "title": "13-yr-old hangs self after mom\u2019s rebuke", "text": "NAGPUR: A 13-year-old boy committed suicide after being scolded by his mother over studies. The mother, Sunita, stood shocked in disbelief to see her son Suresh's body hanging from the ceiling fan at their Khapri Mohalla residence in Itwari.Suresh and his elder brother Sanjay (16) returned home from school at around noon. After lunch, he enjoyed watching television. An hour later, as Suresh was leaving the house to play with his friends, Sunita scolded him and asked him to study. In a fit of rage, Suresh rushed to the room on first floor and locked himself up barely five minutes after being reprimanded. He climbed a stool to tie his mother's dupatta with the ceiling fan and hanged himself.All this while, Sunita was busy with household work. Sunita then went up to check out Suresh, but panicked when he didn't open the door. She peeped through the window and found Suresh hanging. Her screams alerted neighbours, who then snapped the dupatta and lowered Suresh. He was rushed to a private hospital where the doctors referred him to Mayo hospital. He was declared brought dead at Mayo hospital.His uncle Ajay told TOI that Sunita always wished Suresh becomes an engineer and would take care of his studies. \"I always wanted Suresh to become an engineer and hence wanted him to be regular in his studies. I didn't hit him but only scolded him. I didn't know my few harsh words would drive him to take such an extreme step,\" Sunita said, adding that she now feels guilty for her son's death.Suresh's drastic step has left his parents and neighbours stunned. Father Vijay, a roadside stall owner, was baffled as to how his 13-year-old son knew to hang himself. Neighbours said Suresh was fond of watching crime serials on television and hence may have gained knowledge about tying knot for hanging oneself.Vijay said they had disconnected the cable connection so that Suresh's studies don't suffer. \"Since then he used to go to his uncle's house next door to watch television,\" Vijay said.No suicide note was left by Suresh. Tehsil police registered a case of an accidental death.(Names changed to protect identity)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "15453346", "title": "Nehru Trophy is a shining example of unity in diversity: Meira Kumar", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: \"The Nehru Trophy Boat Race reflects the enthusiasm of the people of Kerala for water sports. I am also touched by the deep social impact of this event, which showcases the patriotic fervour of the participating teams that are from different localities,\" said Lok Sabha Speaker Meira Kumar.Speaking after inaugurating the 60th NTBR on Punnamada Lake on Saturday, Meira Kumar said the races not only epitomized team spirit, but also bonded the people.\"The races are a unique symbol of communal harmony, amity, peaceful co-existence and brotherhood. NTBR is a shining example of unity in diversity. I firmly believe that each one of you is an agent of change who must take the lead in transforming the mindset of people and establishing an egalitarian society,'' she said.\"People of Kerala have excelled in diverse fields with a highly impressive literacy rate of 93.91%, positive gender ratio and good health care infrastructure. This state is among those in the forefront in human development indicators that are as good as those of most developed countries,'' she said.\"Though I have been to Kerala several times, I keep looking for opportunities to visit this picturesque state. It has a special place in my heart. And I firmly believe sport is essential for enhancing physical and mental strength of an individual. This state has nurtured great sportspersons like P T Usha and Anju Bobby George , who have inspired generation next,\" Meira said. Union minister for overseas Indian affairs Vayalar Ravi presided over the function. Union minister of state for power K C Venugopal hoisted the flag. Chief minister Oommen Chandy unveiled the statue of Jawaharlal Nehru at the finishing point of the race.Finance minister K M Mani laid the foundation stone for the boat museum. Home minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan , tourism minister A P Anilkumar, MP Kodikkunnil Suresh, MLAs Thomas Isaac , C K Sadasivan, P C Vishnunath, A M Ariff and R Rajesh; district panchayat president Prathiba Hari and Alappuzha municipal chairperson Mercy Diana Masido also attended the ceremony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15455630", "title": "Kolkata Metro's expansion plan to change life and times of commuters", "text": "Twenty-seven years after it created history in India \u2014 and our very own michhil nagari (the city of rallies ) \u2014 the Kolkata Metro now often disappoints the harried commuter who had learnt to take it for granted. But how about Kolkata's lifeline stretching to 110km from a humble 25km in the next three years?No matter how stuttering the progress of work sounds, compared to the Delhi Metro, the four-fold expansion is destined to change the life and times for the Kolkata suburbia forever. Add to it the worldclass East-West Metro, which will take you from Salt Lake's Sector V to Howrah in 30 minutes flat, and Kolkata looks set for a new era in public transportation.The Dum Dum-Kavi Subhas Metro \u2014 the country's first \u2014 carries 6 lakh passengers a day. You can zip below the traffic chaos at 55kmph and make it from the northern fringes to the southern suburbs in 49 minutes. From one axis, the Metro is well on way to becoming a network.According to former railway minister Dinesh Trivedi's budget speech, five million commuters will avail of the Metro daily by 2016.Only Way AheadIn a city where the road space is a measly 6%, this is news to cheer. \"If you take a car or bus from Garia to Dum Dum. it can take you up to three hours, that too if the road is not clogged with traffic and rallies. On the Metro , it takes just 49 minutes. Okay, it's no longer a joy ride it once used to be and you can barely breathe in the maddening crowd, but the Metro will always remain the only option. Its extension is the best thing happening to the City of Joy which has perennial logistic woes. The rapid transit linkages between the city , its suburbs and the airport ... What more can one ask for,\" said Ayan Chatterjee , an executive with a private company.He isn't the only one to sing paeans to the Metro. Even as the number of car-owning Kolkatans has jumped manifold since the first Metro rolled out on October 24, 1984, most of Kolkata still prefers the underground.Gone are the days when it took the Metro 23 years to cover 17km (the extension beyond Tollygunge ). There may be land acquisition problems , litigation and other issues that have pushed the deadline to 2016. But funds have never flowed this smoothly ever.Money's No ProblemOf the total project cost of Rs 11,500 crore , Metro already has Rs 6,000 crore in hand for the extensions in terms of the 2011-12 budget outlay . They extensions include New Garia to Airport (32 km ), Dum Dum to Barasat (18 km ), Dum Dum to Barrackpore via temple town Dakshineswar (20km ) and Joka to BBD Bag (16 .75 km ).It was the experience of India's first Metro that contributed to the sanction of the East-W est corridor connecting Howrah station with the Salt Lake township on July 30 , 2008. The fascinating journey connecting Howrah and Sealdah (two of the world's busiest railway stations ) which would sink down the Hooghly riverbed (another first in the country ) would also happen around 2015, all factors remaining constant.That's not all. \"Metro Railways has initiated a survey for extending beyond Barrackpore up to Kalyani,\" said Metro Rail spokesman Protyush Ghosh, adding, \"Surveys are on for extensions to Diamond Harbour from Joka and from Howrah to Singur via Serampore. On the cards are two more : Howrah to Dhulagarh and Kabi Subhas to Baruipur. Metro is indeed the most happening activity in Bengal.\"Quick LinksThe extended Metro routes will practically link Barrackpore in the extreme north of Kolkata with New Garia in south and Joka in south-western fringes with Barasat via airport in the north-eastern corner. The Rs 4,874-crore East-W est corridor interlinks between these stretches, thereby allowing the commuter criss-cross the whole of the city.Of the extensions, the one between Joka and BBD Bag has been the fastest. It's anybody's guess that the election candidatures of two Trinamool heavyweights Partha Chatterjee and Sovan Chatterjee would have something to do with this very impressive track record . Around 85 % of the piling along this 16 .72 km route, which started two years ago, has been done (till Taratala ).\"Construction from Joka till Majherhat is expected to be completed by 2014-end. Some crucial issues in the route have been ironed out. There will be eight elevated stations till Mominpore and five underground Kidderpore onwards . The survey report of the underground stretch on the defence land through which the metro will pass, has been submitted. Once the final nod comes from the defence ministry , work for the underground stretch will also begin,\" said Ghosh.In the pipeline is a fifth extension (2 km ) between Tollygunge and Joka (till Diamond Park ) that was sanctioned in this year's budget.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15455096", "title": "POs behind many crimes, cops unaware", "text": "CHANDIGARH: More than 1,985 proclaimed offenders wanted in different criminal cases are giving sleepless nights to Chandigarh police and some of them are again indulging in crimes putting a question mark on the so-called co-ordination among the force.The leniency within the police department was exposed when Ranjit Singh, who was recently booked for allegedly threatening a woman doctor with a reputed medical institute, was found to be a proclaimed offender (PO) in a six-year-old criminal case. Singh was arrested on August 8.A few police personnel have got Singh's back, the doctor mentioned it in her complaint. DSP (central) Ashish Kapoor said, \"The fact that Singh is a PO only came to light during the scrutiny of profiles and whereabouts of POs. He has now been sent to judicial custody for 14 days.\"Chandigarh police is already struggling to trace around 1,985 proclaimed offenders. The Sector 17 police station has the highest number of wanted POs while the minimum are wanted by police station, Sector 19.Apart from Singh, recently, Panchkula district police had arrested a PO wanted by Chandigarh police from Sector 19. Ashok Singla, the proclaimed offender, was also wanted by Panchkula police in the connection of a cheque bounce case. Singla was residing in Sector 19 for last three years. However, a member of PO cell said, \"The list of POs is so lengthy that some of them have even died and police doesn't know about it.\"Police have already constituted a special cell for tackling the PO menace and more than 60 of them have been arrested during the last two months. Ironically, two police personnel of PO staff, including cell in charge ASI Desh Raj, and head constable Vajinder Singh, were booked for accepting a bribe of Rs 3,000 from a PO in February this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15453701", "title": "Janmashtami celebrated amid joy", "text": "KANPUR: Janmashtami was celebrated with fervour and enthusiasm on Friday. Cultural events were held at temples, societies and schools. Tableaux remained the centre of attraction for the visitors at the temples which depicted various stages of Lord Krishna's life.Many people celebrated the birthday of Lord Krishna in evening while some enjoyed the celebrations at midnight. The idols of Lord Krishna were bathed and offered new clothes at homes and temples.Hundreds of devotees thronged ISKCON temple in Bithoor where 'Shree Krishna' was decorated in blue attire. The worshippers were chanting 'Hare Rama Hare Krishna' accompanied by musical instruments. The Janmashtami celebrations at ISKCON had commenced from August 10 and will go on till August 12.Students of IIT and HBTI also took part in Janmashtami celebrations at ISKCON temple. They also managed the rush of devotees in the temple.The authorities of JK temple made special arrangements for devotees. The Krishna-Radha Idols were dressed up in specially designed clothes. The temple was beautifully decorated.The priests of Prayag Narain Mandir, Shivalaya celebrated Janmashtami in new style this year. Special 'Abhishek' was offered to Krishna. Women chanted bhajans and kids performed aarti at Midnight to mark the celebrations.Various other Krishna temples like Radha-Madhav temple in K-block, Rameshwaram temple in Kidwai Nagar and Sanatandharam Mandir were decorated with flowers and rangoli. Special hawan and puja were performed and prasad distributed among devotees.A large number of devotees also thronged ghats to take a holy dip in the Ganga.At many temples, Bhagavad Gita was recited throughout the day.Children dressed as Lord Krishna, Radha, Yashoda, Devaki, Vasudeva, Kansa and others enacted different episodes from the life of Lord Krishna like 'makhan-chori', 'matka-phod' and 'Krishna Leela' etc in residential societies.Kids between two and five years took part in fancy dress competitions held in many schools. Children also danced on the tune of devotional songs.Students of the medical college also celebrated the festival. Principal Navneet Kumar performed puja. Students chanted bhajans and danced on the tunes of 'Hare Rama Hare Krishna'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15455464", "title": "Girl set to be anointed head of family in Bundi village", "text": "JAIPUR: At a time when several instances of parents discarding their newborn girls are being reported almost everyday, a girl is set to take over as the head of a family in a formal ceremony in Bundi district on Sunday.The eldest daughter of one Ram Singh Dhabai, who passed away 11 days ago, will be declared as the head of the family of three, comprising younger sisters, at a 'pagdi rasam' (turban tying ceremony) in Bada Naya village.Dhabai's three daughters, who are well educated, opposed the age-old custom of making a male the head of the family and sought the district collector's intervention.The three girls-Trishla, Tashima and Tarini- went a step further and participated in the last rites of their father, including lighting the funeral pyre.\"My father always treated us at par with boys. So what, if we don't have a brother? My father gave us everything including education. Why can't we participate in his last rites,\" asked Trishla Singh, the eldest among the three sisters, who will be announced the family head on Sunday.However, going against the tide and putting up a front against the relatives and villagers was not an easy task. The sisters vehemently protested against their uncle's decision to make their eldest cousin the head of the family. They also opposed organizing a death feast for the village.\"My uncle and cousins have been telling us from the third day of our father's death that one of our cousins will take over as the family head. They also said that a 'mrityu bhoj' (death feast) has to be organized for nearly 1500 people of the village,\" Trishla, a Phd from IIT, told TOI.The family also tried to dissuade the girls from participating in their father's last rites. \"I lit the funeral pyre. I don't see anything wrong with that. If my father never discriminated against us, nobody has a right to raise a finger,\" she said.Trishla also approached the district collector to counter the relatives and villagers' opposition to her being anointed as the family head. \"The eldest daughter met me some days ago. Based on her complaint, we asked her uncle's family to not interfere or cause any hindrance in the ceremony,\" said Aarti Dogra, district collector, Bundi.The collector also warned the family against organizing any death feast on the 13th day of mourning. That apart, police will be deployed in the village to ensure the 'pagdi rasam' ceremony is carried out smoothly. \"I have asked the sub-divisional magistrate (SDM) and police to see that no law and order situation should occur,\" Dogra added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15453267", "title": "Escaped Biju Kolara Veetil recounts Philippines horror", "text": "KOCHI: His escape was as dramatic as his kidnapping. But Biju Kolara Veetil dismisses all theory that he was released because he had converted to Islam under captivity.\"I'm not a Muslim,'' Biju said. Talking to TOI from the safety of an accommodation provided by the police in the Sulu province, he said that he hadn't converted to Islam after marrying Aleena, a Philipino-Muslim belonging to the Moro ethnicity.\"You know the kind of traditional background I am coming from. My wife is a Muslim, but I haven't converted to Islam officially,\" Biju said.Biju's ordeal began when somebody nudged his knee with a rifle butt to wake him up on a June midnight last year.There were four or five uniformed men who introduced themselves as police. They comforted my wife Aleena saying that they just wanted to talk to me, Biju remembered.\"Six days into my capture, they contacted the Indian Embassy to break the news. However, they didn't contact my wife's family initially, even though my relatives tried to contact them.But when they finally made a contact after two and a half months', it was to bomb the house. They were pretty irritated that family had complained to the military for restarting the search for me.\"They threw bombs and grenades to destroy the house and the adjacent house of my brother-in-law. Terrorists had strewn the area with landmines and without knowing this wife's uncle had stepped on one of them and lost his eyesight. Two more kin suffered injuries,\" he said.In captivity, the Abu Sayyaf members' subtle acts reflected their hostile attitude. \"Sometimes when they would turn their rifle butt to hit me accidentally,\" he said. Food was served twice a day 10.30am and 4.40pm and the menu consisted of rice, sometimes accompanied with fish or soya sauce,\" Biju recounted.Abu Sayyaf group used machine guns and bazookas sourced from the US. \"Even in a small encounter, they would use bazookas,\" he said.In July 2012, there was a clash with the military when we were moving through the Basilan island. \"The group beheaded nine soldiers, and in total 16 soldiers were killed in the fight. Grenades exploded near me deafening me for almost three hours after the attack was over,\" he said.Terrorists had demanded $10 million as ransom from his family, but they were unable to pay the amount and continued the wait till a mystery man woke him up Friday midnight and took him to safety.Biju won't be coming to Kerala immediately as the Filipino police had lost his passport. On Saturday, he had visited Antonio Freyra, senior superintendent of police of Sulu province and submitted a new request for travel documents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15453460", "title": "Govt to lift freezing of land in Cheruvakkal", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The state government decision to lift the land freeze imposed over 105 acres of land at Cheruvakkal near Medical College brings relief for the local residents.However, they are still anxious about the proposed development of Akkulam-Poonthi link road.\"We are really glad that the government has decided to lift the land freeze over our land. But if the road development project progresses, we would be forced to give away our lands. In some places it could also result in eviction of people,\" said a resident.The government had imposed land freeze over the 105 acres in Cheruvakkal as part of medical college area development scheme, which put a legal restraint on the transfer or sale of the land.A major portion of Akkulam-Poonthi link road runs along the land, where the government had imposed restrictions in 1976. The residents are now planning to approach chief minister Oommen Chandy to issue a clarification as to whether the road development project is still on.As per the project, the link road will be developed covering a distance of around 1.5km, with a width of 21m. The residents point out that once the project gets underway, families on either side of the road will have to be evicted.\"At present, the link road is 7m wide and the new project is unnecessary. There is an alternative way to develop the link road by acquiring barren land at Akkulam, Medical College and Kadakampally. Even the Akkulam-Ulloor road, which is a main stretch, is just 16 metre wide,\" said Santhosh Aramthanam, a resident.As per the RTI document accessed by the local residents, the project is being implemented in compliance with a government order dated October 27, 1976 that was issued as part of the Trivandrum Medical College area development scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15454805", "title": "Skilled inmate just paid Rs 74 for a day\u2019s work, finds SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: A skilled labourer has to be paid a minimum wage of Rs 285 for a day's work. But, if s/he is convicted for an offence and renders the same work inside the jail as a convict, s/he would get only Rs 74.The Supreme Court stumbled upon this wage disparity while deciding an appeal by a woman convict who complained that she had not been paid by the Tihar Jail authorities for the work she rendered at the prison dispensary for more than three years.As per the minimum wage structure notified by the Delhi government in February, 2011, an unskilled labourer is to be paid Rs 234 per day, semi-skilled (Rs 259) and skilled (Rs 285). In July, 2011, the director general of prison headquarters in Tihar Jail issued an order regarding revision of wages to the convicts, which stipulated that an unskilled prisoner would be paid Rs 52, semi-skilled (Rs 61) and skilled (Rs 74) a day.After noticing the wage structure, an apex court bench of Justices P Sathasivam and Ranjan Gogoi noted that the lady prisoner had undergone custody of three years and 10 months but complained that except for four months she had not been paid a penny.If her plea was taken to be correct, which was disputed by the Tihar Jail authorities, she would get Rs 2,562 as a semi-skilled prisoner or Rs 2,104 as unskilled prisoner for the 42 months.The bench asked the woman to file fresh representation before the judge, who is assigned to inspect Tihar Jail. \"On receipt of the representation, we direct the visiting judge to inspect and peruse the Ledgers/documents with the assistance of the jail authorities in the presence of the woman duly assisted by Supreme Court Legal Services Committee, preferably Prachi Bajpai, and pass order within a period of three months thereafter,\" it said.If any further amount is to be paid to her, it should be given in four weeks of the visiting judge determining the outstanding amount, it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15455245", "title": "Ashwini fed killers biryani", "text": "MYSORE: The killers, Raghu and Shekar, entered Ashwini's JP Nagar residence a day before their black deed. They stayed there overnight and appear to have done a quick recce to execute their plan smoothly. DCP (law and order) Basavaraj Malagatti said on that day, Ashwini was alone at home. Her parents were not in town, and her brother had moved into a new neighbourhood a week ago. Soubhagya, 60, a relative, came to stay the night with Ashwini. While Ashwini's mother had left for Chitradurga a week earlier, her father orthopaedist Jagannath Achar left on August 5.Late in the evening of August 6, Ashwini served Soubhagya a cup of coffee laced with sedatives, and summoned Raghu and Shekar to the house. The two men stayed in a room in the house. In the morning, after Soubhagya left, Ashwini made them lemon rice for breakfast and mutton biryani for lunch.ACP Prakashgowda, investigation team chief, claimed the Raghu had blindfolded Ashwini with a towel on the pretext of giving her a surprise gift, and then alerted Shekar. Together, they tried to smother her with a pillow but they couldn't overpower her. Later, Shekar pulled out a button knife, sat on her and slit her throat. Then the killers decamped with a necklace, gold chain, three pairs of earrings, one finger ring, two bangles and a mobile phone, all worth Rs 5 lakh. Police said Ashwini's cellphone records led them to her killers and the booty, which was hidden at a temple in Lalithadripura, where Shekar's father was the priest.THEIR SECOND CRIMEFor Raghu and Shekar, Ashwini's murder was their second crime.Their first escapade was lifting a two-wheeler from the parking lot atop Chamundi Hills a few weeks before the murder. Later, they had made a futile bid to rob a pharmacist in Mysore. ACP AN Prakashgowda told TOI that Shekar, who was working for a pharmacist for some time, quit the job and was conspiring to rob his former employer. However, their attempts failed, but after Ashwini's murder, the gang planned to make another attempt on the pharmacist's house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "15459679", "title": "School bus under Balrath scheme demanded", "text": "Mapusa: The parents of the students of the St. Joseph high school Pernem has demanded the availability of the school bus for economically backward class under Balrath scheme of the government. The parents has written to the chief minister Manohar Parrikar regarding the same.According to the parents of the students of St. Joseph high school Pernem, they got the information from the principal of the school that due to the overcrowded students in the bus from the rural areas that is from Patradevi to Pernem the school bus facility will be only for OBC students. The students from the other class will not be permitted to use the bus service. According to the parents the students from the other class will suffer unnecessary . Sending the students by the private bus will be difficult for them both financially as well as physically.The parents highlighted that as per the circular of the directorate of education the bus facility under Balrath scheme is for all the children irrespective of class, creed, cast , religion, language etc.The parents of the economical backward class has requested the chief minister to safeguard the their interest by giving the second bus facility for their students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15454454", "title": "Bihar needs a military school: State Ex-Services League", "text": "PATNA: Bihar State Ex-Services League has urged defence ministry and state government to expedite all pending projects related to the welfare of ex-servicemen in Bihar. It also demanded construction of a holiday home in Gaya to fulfil the needs of army officers as well as their parents visiting the army training school there.According to the league president, Col (retd) V K Singh, the defence ministry has developed an army training school at Gaya. A large number of army personnel and the parents of the trainees of the school would visit the centre during a 'passing-out parade' ceremony. It would be better if a holiday home was built at Gaya for their proper accommodation, he said.Besides, the state needs a military school to provide basic training to youths interested in joining army. \"The greatest benefit of a military school is that even girls can prepare themselves for a career in army, paramilitary forces and police,\" Col (retd) Singh said.The state government has agreed to build multi-storey complexes for zila sainik kalyan karyalaya in Bhojpur, Bhagalpur, Saran, East Champaran, Munger and Gaya districts, at an estimated cost of Rs 9 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "jaipur/jaisalmer", "code": "15455490", "title": "Is Rajasthan a transit route for drugs?", "text": "JAIPUR/JAISALMER: The rich haul of ketamine drugs from Pink City and heroin from a village in Jaisalmer in a span of few days has reaffirmed that Rajasthan is serving as a transit route for supply of drugs across the globe.The Rajasthan ATS on Wednesday seized nearly 8 kgs of heroin from a village in Jaisalmer while DRI personnel on Friday seized 100kg of ketamine - also known as the \"date rape drug\" worth Rs 10 crore from the possession of a Jaipur-based father-son duo.Taking a serious note of the huge haul, the BSF also initiated a high-level investigation to unearth the local nexus of smugglers of Pakistan.\"Officers are trying to find out the exact point along the international border from where the heroin was smuggled in. We will also find how many local smugglers were involved in this racket,\" said IG, BSF, Rajasthan Frontier, K L Meena.\"Taking advantage of tough geographical conditions and high shifting dunes, they had probably gone to Pakistan border in night and could be nearly one km inside Pakistan,\" said a senior officer who was close to the investigations.According to sources, the intelligence wing of Rajasthan police is also keeping an eye on these developments to see if the heroin and ketamine seizure within a matter of some days points to revival of smuggling activity in the state.On Saturday, DRI personnel produced 50-year-old Mukesh Bhardwaj and his pharmacist son Rahul Bhardwaj in a court of economic offences and got their three days' remand.The officials during the interrogation will find out the role of father-son duo in shipping the banned drug to several countries - mainly America and Europe.\"The sudden increase in this activity definitely has some links, but we have asked our men to be vigilant especially in the districts including Jaisalmer, Barmer, Sriganganagar and Churu,\" said an official with the intelligence wing of Rajasthan police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "ujjain", "code": "15455984", "title": "Lokayukta files chalan against VP Maran", "text": "UJJAIN: Lokayukta filed one more chalan against the joint commissioner (cooperative) V P Maran in the court of special district judge Rajiv Kumar Shrivastav on Friday. Meanwhile, Maran has been released on bail. The chalan has been presented in connection with a loan scandal of 1995 involving Yugandhar Sahkari Samiti and Indore Premium Cooperative Bank Credit Institution. The samiti, which was not eligible for the loan, was advanced Rs 8 lakh as against its demand of Rs 10 lakh. The Lokayukta in its first chalan filed in 1995 had alleged that former chairman Shyamrao Pendharkar had taken Rs 2 lakh from the samiti to facilitate loan to the blacklisted samiti. The cooperative department of Madhya Pradesh government had blacklisted the samiti for spending more than its earnings.The Lokayukta had named VP Maran the then deputy registrar of cooperative department, Indore, senior inspector cooperative department, Prakash Kulkarni, the bank's then Chairman Rameshwar Patel and other senior officials Murharilal Chaudhary, Ashok, GD, Shyamrao Pendharkar, Savita Pendharkar and Rajiv Sinha as accused in the first chalan.On September 24, 2008, the court had ordered to stop inquiry against Maran and Kulkarni. But a few days later, the Lokayukta presented one more supplementary chalan in the special court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "15454102", "title": "Baby swap row: Girl meets mother after four months", "text": "CUTTACK: After a long wait of four months, the baby girl lying abandoned in SCB Medical College and Hospital since birth, met her mother on Saturday. Following the order of the Orissa high court, hospital authorities handed her over to Rashmita Mallick and grandmother Lata. The doctors, nurses and ward boys, who took care of the baby all these months, bid her goodbye. The hospital staff had named her Atmaja.\"In the past four months, Atmaja had become very close to the staff. The nurses and doctors in the ward were emotionally attached to her. However, we are very happy that the little girl is going home and will finally get the love and affection of her biological mother,\" said Shyama Kanungo, head of gynaecology ward, after handing over the baby to her mother.Since the last four months, the nurses have gone beyond the to-do list of their duties and taken care of the baby. They were so much attached with the baby that some of the nurses and hospital staff were seen weeping as Atmaja was leaving them and going home. \"We are happy for Atmaja, but for us it's a very emotional moment. We have been taking care of her since she was one-day-old. She is our little angle and we will really miss her,\" said Sebati Dhal, head nurse of the ward.A delighted Rashmita cuddled her daughter and thanked the hospital staff for the unconditional love they rendered on Atmaja . \"Due to some problem I was not able to take my daughter home after birth. But now I am happy that we are reunited after four months,\" said Rashmita. \"I am grateful to the hospital staff for whatever they did for my daughter,\" she addedRashmita and her husband Susanta Mallick had refused to accept the baby girl alleging that a baby boy was born to them on March 30, but the child was swapped with a girl child by the hospital staff. Since then, Atmaja has been put in the special new born unit and the nurses, doctors were taking care of her.Susanta had filed a petition in the Orissa High Court in this matter. Adjudicating the case, the high court on April 24 had directed DNA tests to ascertain the parentage of the girl. Accordingly, Hyderabad-based Central Forensic Science Laboratory submitted the DNA reports in high court on Friday wherein it was mentioned that Rashmita is the mother of the baby girl. So the court directed Rashmita to accept the baby.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15455710", "title": "The Indian who landed curiosity", "text": "Renjith Kumar worked so hard on the Mars rover that after its touchdown, he packed off to Canada for a holiday. We meet the man Nasa goes to for quality and performance.The world watched as Curiosity, the Mars rover, triumphantly landed on the red planet this week. There were whoops of joy and euphoria among those who had toiled for years to make this possible. But for one Virginia-based Indian entrepreneur and engineer, it was a moment of quiet elation. Dr Renjith Kumar , 49, is the CEO of a company which was closely involved with the rover's Entry, Descent, and Landing (EDL), or what is now being famously called the \"seven minutes of terror\" . So exhausting has it been in the last few months that when Sunday Times contacted Kumar, he was packing his bags to go on a relaxing holiday to Canada.Analytical Mechanics Associates (AMA), Kumar's company, has been in the forefront of the Mars mission since its inception. But then, AMA is an old hand at Mars missions, be it the Mars Pathfinder, Mars Exploration rovers Spirit and Opportunity, or the Mars Science Laboratory. AMA's dedicated work for Nasa finally paid off. On February 13 this year, just as it turned 50 years, the company bagged a five-year contract worth a whopping $327.5 million with Nasa's Langley Research Center. Nasa also conferred its highest honour for Quality and Performance, the George M Low Award, to AMA in 2010. It was named after Nasa's former deputy administrator and a leader in the early development of space programmes like Mercury, Gemini and Apollo.AMA's beginnings were humble. It was started by three mathematicians in 1962 in New York. Today, this aerospace engineering company has close to 250 employees and works with defence , automotive, financial services and healthcare companies.In the case of Curiosity, AMA had computer-simulated the dynamics of the spacecraft after it enters the Martian atmosphere. This included accurately modeling the Martian atmosphere and coordinating between various parts of the spacecraft such as the parachute, bridles, heatshield.\"We predict what the spacecraft is going to do during the actual mission,\" explains Kumar. \"We were also involved in the spacecraft instrumentation called MEDLI (Mars EDL Instrumentation), which will measure aerothermal environments , vehicle orientation and atmospheric density. We are eagerly awaiting data from Curiosity to do postflight analysis which will be useful for future manned missions.\" Kumar admits that the \"seven minutes of terror\" was indeed terrifying as a lot of money and effort was at stake. \"The mission cost upward of $2.1 billion. Moreover, Curiosity was heavy (about 1 ton) and the previous methods of airbag deployment at landing as used for Pathfinder wouldn't work here. A new, never before-attempted idea \u2014 Sky Crane \u2014 was used for this mission where instead of rolling the rover off an elevated lander, it was attached to the bottom of the rocket-powered descent stage, and lowered directly to the surface.\"But few in India know Kumar. This Thiruvananthapuram boy has come a long way from his palm-fringed state. He studied at Loyola School and College of Engineering where, in 1985, he got a gold medal for B Tech in Mechanical Engineering. Nothing could stop him from his grand ambitions after that. In 1986 he came to Virginia Institute of Technology to pursue an MS and a Ph D in aerospace engineering where he met his future wife Jayashree. She's presently AMA's COO.Kumar has been watching India's own forays into space and hopes its planned November 2013 mission to Mars is a success. Would he like to be part of it? \"If Nasa is in collaboration with ISRO, say, through an MoU, we will be happy to be a part of this mission,\" he says.His children, however, are in their own space. While son Keshav, 22, is completing his BS in Environmental Engineering at Virginia Tech and plans to join the Peace Corps in Africa or Latin America , daughter Shalini, 14, is with the Johns Hopkins University Center for Talented Youth and plans to launch a non-profit organization which develops iPhone and iPad apps whose revenues will help medical foundations. Now, that's what we call a planned mission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15455639", "title": "Satnam\u2019s mysterious death", "text": "With Rs 600 in his pocket, Satnam Singh Maan ran away from home in Sherghati, Bihar, on the night of May 30. The 23-year-old , an undergraduate at the National Law University in Lucknow, says his cousin Vimal, \"was dressed in a pair of boxer shorts, a T-shirt , and Hawai chappals.\"Satnam was also, according to Dr KP Sharma, a consultant psychiatrist with the Bihar Institute of Mental Health in Bhojpur and the doctor who'd been treating Satnam for five years, a paranoid schizophrenic.Two months later \u2014 after leaving home Satnam had walked 40 km to Gaya, from where he had caught a train to Varanasi. There, he sold his cell phone for Rs 50, after which his trail went cold \u2014 on August 1, Satnam surfaced in Kollam, Kerala at Mata Amritanandamayi's ashram.As he waited to hug \"Amma\" , who clasps her devotees to herself to pass on her \"unconditional love\" , Satnam suddenly rushed towards her, presumably wanting his hug and shouting the words \"Bismillah ar-Rahman ar-Raheem\" (In the name of Allah , most gracious, most merciful ). He was stopped by fellow devotees who thought Satnam wanted to attack Amma.The youtube videos of the attack on Amritanandamayi \u2014 it also made it to the local television channels \u2014 next show Satnam being led away by the cops. He spent the night in police custody and the following day, after being charged with attempting to murder Amritanandamayi, was remanded in judicial custody for two weeks.But much before that, only two days later, Satnam was dead.An online campaign, \"Justice for Satnam\" , soon erupted on Facebook. And fingers were pointed in all directions insisting that the guilty, no matter how powerful, be brought to book. The public pressure seemed necessary because when Vimal finally saw Satnam's corpse on August 5 at the Government Medical College in Thiruvananthapuram , it was riddled with bruises. The family's first thought was that Satnam had been tortured while in jail, but it is possible that what happened to the troubled, young boy was much worse.On August 2, around 8.30 in the evening, Vimal received a phone call from the Karunagappally police station that Satnam had been sent to jail. Earlier that afternoon, Vimal had pleaded with the circle officer at the police station that Satnam not be sent to jail because of the delicate condition of his mind but the officer allegedly told Vimal there was pressure from on top.Late that night, Satnam was first taken to the district hospital in Kollam, and from there to the state mental health centre in Peerorkada, Thiruvananthapuram . According to Professor Sanjeev Jain, head of the department of psychiatry at the National Institute of Mental Health and Neurosciences, Bangalore , it was because the mental health infrastructure in Kerala is so strong that Satnam got to an asylum so quickly.This then is where he should have been safest, looked after by doctors and psychiatrists who understood his special needs. People who were trained to calm him down and give him the treatment he must have so desperately needed by now. Instead, the terrible denouement of Satnam's young life would be played out at the mental health centre. He was found dead there on the evening of August 4.For now, B Sandhya, inspector general of police of the crime branch and the woman heading the investigation into Satnam's murder, is not saying much. A report of Sandhya's investigation has been submitted to the court but all the details have not yet been made public. They will in time, she says. However, Sandhya does confirm that \"Satnam's injuries were not self-inflicted , that he was attacked at the mental health centre, not elsewhere, and that he died from blunt trauma to the back of his head and to his neck.\"On Friday, police arrested two employees of the mental health centre, Vivekanandan and Anil.Newspaper reports, though, in the Asian Age and the Deccan Chronicle, quoting unnamed sources, paint a terrifying picture of what used to happen inside the mental health centre. The reports say new inmates were subjected to an aggressive form of ragging in order to keep them subdued for the rest of their stay. And worse, that wardens and other staffers would make inmates fight each other in a grim parody of a cockfight.\"It is possible,\" says one of the sources, \"that Satnam might have fallen prey to this bloodsport.\" Just as strangely, when state health minister V S Sivakumar visited the mental health centre on Thursday, the asylum's superintendent, Dr Sunilkumar G, refused to let him or the media in. The minister had to hold his press conference out on the road.\"The police are investigating ,\" Dr Sunilkumar said over the phone. \"I am not allowed to say anything at the moment.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15461619", "title": "Chandigarh all set for 'Chandigarh da filmi adda' film festival", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Chandigarh Creative Cinema Circle (or 4C), a group of Art lovers from the city is all set to organize a five day filmmaking workshop followed by a two day film festival 'Chandigarh da filmi adda' from August 13 onwards at Lala Lajpat Rai Bhawan in Sector 15 Chandigarh.The film making workshop would begin on Monday and go on till Friday. The Workshop will be conducted by Sudarshan Juyal and Asheesh Panday, both alumni of FTII and NSD.Sudarshan Juyal has been in the field of film making, direction and cinematography for last 20 years. He is also the founder member of a television network and one of the first few to venture into private television networks. His latest film 'HANSA' has won the best critic award in recently conducted OCEAN film festival, New Delhi. Asheesh Pandya is a well known sound recordist and editor with 20 years of experience. Asheesh has worked in several overseas projects and has won numerous awards and recognitions.On Saturday, August 18 the film festival of Independent film makers would begin. \"This is an initiative to promote independent film makers and their good works. The best part of the festival would be presence of the film directors who will be interacting with the viewers after the film screening session,\" said AP Mishra, a 4C member.During the festival several award winning documentaries and feature films will be screened along with their Directors. The screenings will be followed by a discussion with Directors on various aspects of Film and filmmaking. Some of the awards winning films that will be screened are BOM by Amlan Dutta, Vidrohi by Nitin K Pamnani and Shuttle cock boys by Hemant Gaba.Gaurav Chhabra, GS Channi and Ankur Kapoor will also be a part of the screening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15461545", "title": "UN chief's warning of 'lost generation' rings true for India", "text": "MUMBAI: As the world observed International Youth Day, UN secretary-general Ban Ki-moon warned that more attention needs to be paid to youngsters and that they be included more in decision-making processes to prevent what he predicts as the doomsday scenario of creating \"a lost generation\".\"The global economic crisis has hit youth the hardest and many are understandably discouraged by rising inequalities. A large number have no immediate prospects and are disenfranchised from the political, social and development processes in their countries,\" he said, warning that \"without urgent measures, we risk creating a 'lost generation' of squandered talent and dreams.\"The message rings warning bells for India with an estimated 41% percent of its population falling under the category, as per the Census 2001, according to which the youth population stood at 422.3 million, 219 million of which were males.India has only recently released a draft National Youth Policy which focuses on the 16-30 year age group. It pertinently acknowledges that youngsters aren't a homogenous group, and identifies young women , youngsters belonging to disadvantaged communities and differentlyabled youngsters as priority target groups for policymaking. One of the key areas it intends to work on is equipping youngsters with employable and entrepreneurial skills. Skill-building should however, go beyond mere lip service and be closely monitored to ensure that training and educational initiatives translate into lowering unemployment.The ministry also plans to set monitorable targets by way of a Youth Development Index (YDI) which will analyse the areas of health, education, work, amenities as well as youth participation. It is essential that such indicators provide for disaggregated data which acknowledges the inequality among areas as well as groups and do not become blanket indices to falsely flaunt state achievements or make blanket policy prescriptions.In effect , it is high time for policy to be converted into action to ensure that India uses its demographic dividend to its optimum. That would truly serve the spirit of any such internationally-observed occassions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15454544", "title": "Airports Authority of India extends deadline for airport", "text": "PATNA: The Jaiprakash Narayan International Airport, Patna, received a new deadline on Saturday regarding the implementation of the revised length of the runway of the airport. The new runway length would now be effective from August 31, instead of August 16.\"The Patna airport authorities have circulated a new NOTAM to the airlines operating from the Patna airport on Saturday. The fresh NOTAM issued by the Airports Authority of India (AAI) under the guidance of Directorate General of Civil Aviation mentioned that the new notification would be implemented from August 31,\" said Arvind Dubey, director, Patna airport.According to the airport authorities, the aviation companies now can reopen their bookings for August 16 onwards. There are 15 big aircraft, including Airbus 320 and Boeing 737, operating to and from Patna.On August 4, the Patna airport authorities had sent a NOTAM to the operating airlines about the new runway length, which would have made the operation of big aircraft impossible. Earlier, the total runway length was 1,954 metres. Now, it will be reduced to 1,289 metres from the zoo side and 1,141 metres from Phulwari end.A team of DGCA and the AAI had inspected the work of removal of the obstructions around the Patna airport which prevent the big aircraft from using the full length of the existing runway.Another airport official said the extension of the deadline for new runway length would help clear the chaos between the aviation companies and the travel agents.\"During the pre-monsoon and monsoon season, the atmospheric air pressure reduces along with the density of oxygen. The flights need full take off roll to generate required energy and force. But the relatively shorter airstrip at Patna is forcing the aviation companies to compromise with the number of passengers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15455149", "title": "Police certificates must for guards, drivers, help", "text": "MUMBAI: The men in khakhi will soon visit your housing society to check the antecedents of security guards, drivers and domestic help employed by the residents. Among the documents they will seek is police verification certificates from the native place of those employed. If a society fails to provide the required documents, its members will not be allowed to use the services of those who have been employed.The decision comes in the wake of the murder of law graduate Pallavi Purkayastha by the security guard of her Wadala building . During the probe, the police found that the accused, Sajjad Ahmed Mughal had furnished false details when he got the job.Using the details provided by societies, police will run a background check of those employed to find out if they have a criminal past and have submitted genuine details. Cops have said the rules on submission of verification certificates to agencies and housing societies apply not only to people hailing from outside but also to those from Mumbai.\"The certificate has to be attached to his biodata,\" additional police chief (central region) Praveen Salunke said.Salunke said he has instructed officials of 20 police stations (from Byculla to Kurla) in his jurisdiction to visit housing societies as well as malls, corporate houses and security agencies to collect the background details of their guards and other employees. The other parts of the city too will witness similar exercise.\"The initiative will help identify those who try to conceal their identity while applying for the job of a domestic help or security guard. Also, housing societies and other establishments have been asked to install CCTV cameras,\" he said.Meanwhile additional commissioner of police (west region) Vishwas Nangre-Patil said his region too would witness the drive. \"The zonal DCPs collected details of more than 1,000 security guards, domestic help and drivers from the western suburbs after an elderly woman was killed in Juhu last year. Some of these people change their names and hide their antecedents to land a job as they fear they may not land a job if they reveal their details,\" he said. Nangre-Patil reiterated that if any security agency was found violating the guidelines, the matter could be taken up with the joint commissioner of police (administration) for action.Lawyer and former IPS officer Y P Singh said the only law governing security guards and agencies was the Maharashtra Private Security Guards (Regulation of Employment and Welfare) Act, 1981. However, it is more of a labour legislation intended to improve the conditions in which security guards work. \"It is shocking to note that cooperative housing societies are exempted from these provisions. In other words, there is no law at all to keep tabs on guards working in housing societies,\" Singh observed. He said there had been instances of police using their powers under section 144 of the Criminal Procedure Code to verify the credentials of people. However, such powers are temporary in nature and can be in force only for a period of 60 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15453811", "title": "CM wants monorail for his hometown", "text": "HUBLI: With Jagadish Shettar at the helm of the state, the long proposed monorail project between Hubli and Dharwad is set to become a reality.\"We are planning several components to control traffic in the CM's hometown, including the introduction of monorail and Bus Rapid Transport System,\" said Darpan Jain, former Dharwad deputy commissioner and joint secretary to the chief minister. Hubli-Dharwad mayor Panduranga Patil said the CM is seriously considering the monorail as an answer to traffic woes in the twin cities, and discussions are on at the secretariat level regarding survey and cost estimation. \"The project will reduce travel time and will also traffic congestion,\" he said.Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation commissioner YS Patil said: \"If the government sanctions the project in the next one or two months, it will take 3-4 years to implement it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15455268", "title": "St Estevam sarpanch offers to quit if real estate 'links' proved", "text": "PANAJI: St Estevam sarpanch Camilo 'Nolasco' Menezes has said that he is willing to resign as sarpanch if villagers can prove that he is involved in any deal with Balaji real estate developers or has helped the firm in any way in St Estevam.Responding to the demand made by locals at a meeting held at Casa do Povo last Sunday, he said on the contrary, it was he who took the lead to challenge in the Supreme Court an order of the high court which went in favour of the real estate developer.He said the resolution moved by him was adopted in the gram sabha held on May 29. He further said that there is no pending proposal of the firm before the panchayat even though a group which lost the last panchayat election badly, is creating fear and anxiety in the minds of the people on some issue or the other against him.The sarpanch also said, \"the handbills distributed for the August 5 meeting had said it would discuss developmental issues but it appeared that the hidden agenda was to target me.\" Stating that the group is misguiding people against him, Menezes said that the question of the bridge between Tolto and Dauji does not arise as there is no proposal for the project. He also stated that he had supported the resolution moved by Fr Bismarque Dias opposing the bridge, at the May 29 gram sabha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15455829", "title": "NE students, professionals panic after assault in Pune", "text": "GUWAHATI: There is a sense of insecurity and fear amongst students and working professionals from the northeast in Pune and other places as well after the attack on some northeastern people in Pune on August 8 and 9.Some people from the northeast were beaten up at Kondhwa near Poona camp by some miscreants belonging to a particular minority community. Approximately 10 students and working professionals were attacked in the Kondhwa area and Poona camp area. The incident can be termed as a backlash of the ethnic riots in western Assam.\"The miscreants were saying 'Kisi Chinki Logon Ko Chor ne Ka Nain' (Don't leave anyone with Mongoloid features'. The incident occurred some three days ago when we were assaulted at Kondhwa by miscreants of a particular community for no apparent reason. Kondhwa is inhabited by people of that community,\" Kahomdai Panmei, one of the victims and a working professional at a noted software company said.He added, \"The incident has left a sense of fear amongst us as we are being targeted for the happenings in western Assam. We are in constant touch with higher authorities and they are taking stock of situation, which may occur again.\"He said people from the northeast are staying indoors after the incident to avoid attacks on them. \"The police are being very cooperative, but most of us work in IT companies and have to return home late at night. I have also heard that the principal of Poona College has urged the students from the northeast not to attend classes for sometime. We are in touch with northeast students' unions,\" said Panmei.Meanwhile, the state secretary of the Akhil Bharatiya Vidyathi Parishad (ABVP) Krishna Kanta Borah said, \"This is a serious issue and we condemn the incident vehemently. We ask the government to provide security to the students of the northeast and ask the authorities in Pune to arrest the miscreants as soon as possible.\"\"We got to know about the incident and we are very worried. If this happened in Pune, it can happen elsewhere too. It is a backlash to the ethnic strife that happened in western Assam as such clashes creates a sense of paranoia in the hearts and minds of people,\" said Bedanta Das, a working professional in Bangalore.The Northeast Students' Union, Pune and the Pune Police held a meeting in connection with the assault on Saturday. Police condemned the violence on the community.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15453885", "title": "School restricts parents\u2019 entry to open house session", "text": "NASHIK: Around 350 parents of students of Rasbihari International School (RIS), who have been opposing the hike in school fees, were not allowed entry to the open house session on Saturday.\"We received a note from the school about the open house and that parents have to clear outstanding dues on Thursday. Quite naturally, when parents went to clear the dues (only the sanctioned fees) on Saturday, the school administration refused to accept the same,\" SK Jain, a student's parent said.The school authorities however claimed that at least 50% of the parents have paid the revised fees.They stick to the fact that the school had requested a hike in fee from the education department in November 2011 after the consent of Parent-Teacher Association and the decision was awaited. \"Even though our request has not been processed, we received orders from education deputy director asking us to stop collecting the revised fees. The orders are arbitrary and we protested against the same,\" Madhav Deshpande, a manager of the school, said.Parents claim the education department has neither rejected the fee hike, nor accepted it, hence, the school must refrain from charging 'excess'. \"How can it charge what is not in the legal framework,\" a parent claimed.The parents have decided to call a meeting on August 18 to decide the strategy to fight against the \"arbitrary\" hike. \"We will organize a morcha on September 1 in front of the offices of the collectorate and education department, along with the students,\" one of the parents said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15454473", "title": "50,000 houses for urban poor : Chief minister", "text": "PATNA: Nasima Khatoon was on the moon. Saturday was the happiest day in her life, happier than Eid day. Reason? The 45-year-old woman of Phulwarisharif, who had been living in a hut for years, got a flat to live in. She got the possession of the one-room flat and related document from chief minister Nitish Kumar. There were altogether 192 beneficiaries who were allotted the newly-built houses at Isopur on the outskirts of the state capital under the scheme for urban poor.\"Everyone needs an address and the address is one's house,\" said CM Nitish Kumar , adding that houses are being constructed for the BPL families. Over 50,000 houses will be built in 28 cities of the state and those would not be a part of the housing units under Indira Awas Yojna, he announced.\"The price of land is skyrocketing. After the acquisition of land in certain area for development project, the price in its surrounding areas increases sharply. The government is formulating a scheme under which the person whose land is acquired would retain the ownership of a certain part of that land. Legislation to this effect will be passed in the winter session of the state legislature,\" the CM announced.Those who got their flats were a happy lot. \"My happiness knows no bounds,\" said Nasima. Shabana Khatoon and Ishrati Bano, two other beneficiaries, too, were excited on getting the flats. \"Our families are really very happy. It is unbelievable that we will shift from the leaking hutments to pucca flats,\" said Ishrati. Shabana said, \"We are thankful to the government for providing us a dignified shelter in this holy month of Ramzan just prior to the Eid festival.\"These women and others who got the flats had been living in poor huts near Isopur canal. A few of them had to spend nights under polythene tents during monsoon. Under the scheme for providing basic services to urban poor, the houses are being built with the fund provided equally by the Centre and the state government. Each flat is constructed on 320 sq ft having one bedroom, small hall, kitchen, balcony and toilet. The four-floor building is divided into 12 blocks with each housing 16 flats. Housing and Urban Development Corporation (Hudco) was the execution agency and Bihar Urban Development Authority (Buda) was the nodal agency of the project. The entire project is being carried out under Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Rural Mission (JNNURM).Apart from Isopur, flats have been constructed or are under construction for urban poor at Saidpur (Khagaul), Sharifganj and Mangal Talab in Patna City. In the state capital, the Hudco is constructing 432 flats. Each flat costs Rs 2.42 lakh and is equipped with power and water supply connection.Most of the beneficiaries were women who had been identified as head of their families. The district administration and Phulwari municipal authorities made the function a memorable one for all.The women who received the papers and keys of their flats from the CM came in the same uniform of white sari with blue border. Officials said about Rs 4.45 crore had been spent on the construction of the 192 flats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15454311", "title": "Dreaded contract killer, aides in police net", "text": "KOLKATA: A special team of Bidhannagar city police cracked down on a dreaded crime syndicate and rounded up three notorious criminals, including kingpin Jagabandhu Dutta alias Raja Dutta.Dutta, a contract killer who runs a crime and extortion syndicate in the airport and Birati area, was released on bail hardly a month ago, after spending seven months in jail. Dutta was nurtured by another dreaded gangster Shankar Ram alias Lyangra Shankar.Sources said that Raja has an enmity with another gangster Ratan Halder. When Dutta was in jail, Halder tried to encroach on Dutta's area which triggered into a fresh rivalry between the two gangs. Dutta, who has close links with Hooghly gangster Jishu, used his men to kill Halder's two close aides Vickie and Pintu. He masterminded the entire operation during his stay in jail. Dutta had entrusted his aide Babusona, who led the attack on the duo. While Vickie died in the shootout, Pintu managed to flee with bullet injuries.Underworld sources said that after coming out of jail, Raja was in a bid to gang up with Debajyoti Ghosh alias Babai, who runs similar syndicates in Baguiati. Nearly two weeks ago, police cracked down on Babai's gang and seized a huge cache of arms, including a dozen automatic pistols and nearly 500 rounds of ammunition.Police said if Dutta and Babai had managed to gang up, then it would have proved to be a nightmare for the cops as both of them has some notorious shooters in their team. Both the gang leaders used to pump money into real estate trade on the northern fringes of the city and used to extort the developers. Preliminary probe has led cops to evidence that shows Babai as the key man behind the murder of Prasenjit Roy, a real estate trader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15455148", "title": "Protocol gaffe: Advani given 4th row seat at VP swearing-in", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a protocol gaffe, BJP veteran L K Advani found himself in the fourth row during the swearing-in of VP Hamid Ansari before managers ushered him to a front row seat.Advani did not signal any unhappiness with the seat allotted to him, but his presence in the fourth row was noticed and a generated a noticeable buzz as the former deputy PM sat next to JD(U)'s Shivananad Tiwari and TMC's Derek O'Brien.After Tiwari protested, minister for parliamentary affairs Rajeev Shukla swiftly moved Advani ahead before finally seating him in the front row next to leader of opposition in Lok Sabha Sushma Swaraj . Minister of state in the PMO V Narayanasamy also chipped in, with Rashtrapati Bhawan staff, and asked to accommodate Advani in the front row. The seat finally allotted to Advani had been kept for a minister who did not show up. \"If the minister had arrived, another chair would have had to be arranged,\" said sources.\"I objected as I felt Advaniji should not be seated so far at the back,\" said Tiwari.Seating arrangements in Delhi's high-stratified politics indicate a pecking order and are often subject to bickering and bad blood.Various dignitaries are engaged in a relentless battle to alter the warrant of precedence that sets out the seniority of institutions and posts. The judiciary has claimed better status in the past as have MPs ranking low in arrangements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15453480", "title": "Karamana-Kaliyikkavila national highway widening gets govt nod", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A high-level meeting chaired by chief minister Oommen Chandy has given in principle clearance for developing the Karamana-Kaliyikkavila national highway with provisions for extending the monorail service over the stretch in future. The stretch would be developed with wider medians, where pillars can be erected for the mono rail service.According to Trivandrum Development Authority (TRIDA) chairman P K Venugopal, who attended the meeting the other day, the national highway development authorities had clarified that the width of the median would be widened by reducing the width of the proposed pedestrian walkways on both sides.The national highway authority officials told the meeting that the changes proposed in junction alignments and bus bays in the stretch were completed and the sketches and details of the road design would be published in their website soon.The meeting also decided to set up three separate teams for speedy completion of the land acquisition process. A 4 (1) notification for acquisition of land in 6km stretch from Karamana was issued subsequently.Sources in PWD said the district administration had identified land suitable for the rehabilitation of shops and other commercial establishments at various places along the highway.Meanwhile, the district leadership of BJP has come out against the government alleging stepmotherly attitude towards the development of this stretch. According to BJP district president Karamana Jayan, the government was trying to water down the highway widening proposal. BJP has announced a highway march on August 28 and 29 against government's negligence towards the road development.However, Karamana-Kaliyikkavvila road development action council leaders did not share the views expressed by the BJP leaders. Council leader and general secretary of federation of residents' associations Thiruvananthapuram (FRAT) general secretary Paraniyam Devakumar said the government decision to complete land acquisition for 12km in two phases must be taken in view of practical reasons. \"We are not joining the protest. Let the land acquisition take place for the first 6km. We will surely come out and protest if the assurances given by the chief minister did not materialize in the stipulated time,\" Devakumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "15455563", "title": "Cops take it upon themselves to remove encroachments", "text": "BHANDARA: Inaction on part of the Bhandara municipal council authorities has compelled the police personnel to remove encroachments on city's roads all by themselves. Surprisingly, not a single municipal council member cared to remain present when the encroachments were being removed by the cops recently. The operating civic chief merely thanked the superintendent of police for initiating the drive over telephone. Ironically, it was the police department that had appeal to the municipal council to remove the encroachments as a precautionary measure after the recent serial blasts in Pune.Most of the encroachments in Bhandara are on nazul land as well as on main roads and important squares. Various establishments including shops, ST bus stand, Mahatma Gandhi square, city police station, banks, and schools are situated on the road connecting one end of the collectorate square to the station road at the far end of the city. Apart from the encroachment by shopkeepers and hawkers, the road witnesses traffic snarls due to jeeps and other private passenger vehicles standing near the bus stand.Last week, the district collector had taken a round of the city and given instructions to remove encroachments on the main roads but the council authorities failed to act.NCP state secretary Dhananjay Dalal, who is also leader of the ruling party in council, is aware of the encroachment problem but it seems he has not been able to take any action. When contacted, vice president of municipal council, Ruby Chadda, said he is looking into the issue and the encroachments will be removed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15455265", "title": "Is the draft mining policy anti-people and pro-miners?", "text": "Yes, certainly, the draft mining policy is anti-people and pro-miners. The mining policy that has been introduced during the last days of the assembly session clearly indicates the intentions of our new government. The contradictory statements made on pollution of Selaulim reservoir clearly shows how much our state is interested in saving our natural resources, ecology and environment. Will our government ever introduce green mining in Goa?Mary Jayne Dias Publisher, CaranzalemThe draft mining policy is neither anti-people nor is it pro-miners, but reflects a genuine attempt by the chief minister and his advisors to bring about a sustainable compromise. So, we must participate positively in the consultative mechanism with trust on the intentions of this government.Haresh Melwani Industrialist, PanajiThe policy is definitely pro-miners and anti-people. Goa has a comparatively small area and yet 50% of India's mining exports come from the state. Mining is being carried out on a large scale and huge craters are formed all over the state. Seeing that profits are made by the private companies and not the state, the mining policy should be revised to ensure that the ore is used for home consumption and kept for posterity.Sidharth Karapurkar Businessman, NavelimAlthough I am not very familiar with the details, I feel that what Parrikar spoke in the assembly contradicts the stand he took as opposition leader. If what Parrikar has been stating in the assembly is reflected in the mining policy, then it is definitely pro-miners. As CM he has stated that there are no illegal mines and continued to explain what constituted an illegal mine. If 50 mines have violated the norms then they fall under the category of illegal. These illegalities need to be checked by the mining department and the government. Goa is such a small place that if one part is destroyed the effects will trickle down to other places and affect future generations.Awdhut Prabhudessai Doctor, farmer, Colomb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15458689", "title": "Act by evening or face revolution, Ramdev sets deadline for PM", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ramdev has served an ultimatum to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and has asked him to act decisively on his demands by Sunday evening or face a nationwide revolution.Stepping up the heat on the government, Ramdev threatened to expose coruption in the Congress party in front of his supporters at 5pm in Ramlila Maidan where he is fasting with his supporters.Setting a deadline for the Prime Minister, Ramdev said there were no doubts about the personal integrity of Manmohan Singh, but it was time for him to show his political will and political honesty.The future course of this agitation will be announced at 5pm, Ramdev announced to his supporters.We have given enough time to the government to reveal their agenda on issues like black money and coruption but the government has failed to act till now, Ramdev said.Kiran Bedi , a key member of the now disbanded Team Anna, joined Ramdev on the stage and supported his key demands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15455709", "title": "Five scientists get Dr Vikram Sarabhai Research, PRL awards", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Five astrophysicists, geophysicists and remote sensing experts from around the country were awarded Dr Vikram Sarabhai Research Awards and PRL Awards on Friday in the Ahmedabad.The Vikram Sarabhai Research Award in the field of Space Science, was awarded to Tarun Souradeep from the Inter University Center for Astronomy and Astrophysics, Pune, for his significant contributions in the field of observational cosmology. Another scientist Biswajit Paul from Astronomy and Astrophysics Group, Raman Research Institute, Bangalore, was awarded for his significant contribution in new generation X-ray experiments to aid ASTROSAT and future Indian space missions.N R Patel from Agriculture and Soils Division, Indian Institute of Remote Sensing, ISRO, Dehradun , received the award in the field of space application for his original contributions in the field of agro-meterology.In the field of informatics and telematics, Ashwin Gumaste from IIT-Mumbai was awarded for his concept of light trail and his work on ethernet. This year, PRL Award went to V K Gahalaut from the National Geophysical Research Institute, Hyderabad, for his work on using GPS system to understand earthquakes. tnnThe award is being supported by the Hari Om Ashram.The awards were given away on the occasion of the birth anniversary of Vikram Sarabhai which falls on Sunday. A tree plantation drive too was organized. The awards were given away by Mrinalini Sarabhai and , chairman council of management, PRL U R Rao.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15459831", "title": "First look of Kameena", "text": "The first look of Kameena, remake of Hindi film 'Jhonny Ghaddar' was released by the makers yesterday. The movie is being directed by Lakshmikanth Chenna and produced by Siddharth Arimanda under Kubera Cinemas banner. Kameena has Krish, Lekha Washington and Ruby Parihaar in the lead roles.Speking on this occasion, actor Brahmaji, who is playing an important role said, \"I was impressed with the original version and director Lakshmikanth has crafted the Telugu version very well and I'm looking forward to the release.\"Director Lakshmikanth said, \"Kameena is tipped to be a crime drama and we have made this movie based on Bollywood's 'Jhonny Ghaddar'. This film will reflect the new dimension of human relationships. Even though it's a crime story, the film is being made as commercial entertainer. The re-recording work will commence soon.\"Other cast includes Sai Kumar, Roja, Ashish Vidhyarthi, Brahmaji, Hema, Surya, Ravi Babu, Venu, Dhanraj, etc.Music was composed by Agasthya and Ramajogayya Sastry ahs penned down the lyrics Ananth Sriram; cinematography: Jawahar Reddy; art director: Parthasarathy Varma; Producer: Siddharth Arimanda; story, screenplay and direction: Lakshmikanth Chenna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15454101", "title": "Dahi handi participant may never move again", "text": "MUMBAI: Sandeep Ashorkar (32) cannot move from his bed. He can neither walk, nor eat on his own. He may never be able to do any of this again.Till Friday, however, this was not the case. All changed when he decided to participate at the dahi handi event in Vakola, where he resides.\"He never participates. But this time, he did. We never saw him at the practice sessions. He was in the outer layer of the pyramid,\" said a fellow participant. Govindas from the upper layers of the pyramid fell on Ashorkar and he suffered a spinal injury.Dr Pradeep Bhonsale, head of orthopedics at KEM Hospital, said, \"His spinal cord has had a severe impact. Though it may be aligned with the help of a surgery, the biological damage is too much. Prognosis of him being able to move his limbs is not very good,\" he said.Another youth, Sintu Mandal, fell off an upper layer of the pyramid and fractured his legs. He suffers from paraplegia. \"His lower limbs are immobile and upper limbs weak. He may get better,\" said Bhonsale.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15455470", "title": "Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan may give schools schedule for admissions", "text": "NAGPUR: Sanjay Deshmukh, state project director, Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (Maharashtra Prathamik Shikshan Parishad) said that rules giving the schools a schedule to carry out their admission process might be introduced to ensure the 25% quota for poor children in schools.\"This academic session, many schools said that their admissions have been done in April itself. Next time, they might say that they are over in January itself. So we don't want to take any chances and will probably make rules wherein we will give them a schedule to conduct their admission process,\" Deshmukh said. He made the remarks during a talk held at MKH Sancheti School on Saturday.Observing that many schools cited ignorance of rules when pulled up for irregularities, Deshmukh said that when people started schools, they should know the rule book and start accordingly. \"We don't go to every person in the country explaining them the IPC. It is assumed that they know it. It's the same with RTE, too,\" he said.He also said that though Maharashtra spends around Rs30,000 crore on education it still ranks a lowly 17th in education. \"But, with the implementation of the quota system in the private schools, I expect that things would become better very quickly,\" Deshmukh said.While government was doing its bit to educate the children, giving them the right to education, Deshmukh said that as a part of their duty, it is citizen's responsibility to ensure that each and every child is enrolled in a school.One of the biggest worries for many while implementing the 25% quota in schools is the probability of class difference when pupils belonging to very affluent and those coming from a poor family come study together. Many argue that this might result in poor children developing an inferiority complex and leading them to dishonest ways of attaining money.But brushing these worries aside, Deshmukh said, \"Didn't students from rich and poor families study together earlier? I think this feeling would be more in the parents' mind than in those of the students. For children, while making friends, the background hardly matters.\"Deshmukh also pointed out at an alarming trend wherein the number of girl students was coming down drastically in many areas and expressed the need to improve this situation. Another issue which Deshmukh said needed to be addressed was the quality of education.As a comment to a local English medium school whose name ended in the word 'convent' and the representatives of which didn't even know the meaning of the word, Deshmukh said, \"When the schools themselves don't know the meanings of their names, I wonder what quality of education is given to students.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "15455026", "title": "2 held for trying to kill law student, fleeing with car", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Two people have been arrested for kidnapping a 22-year-old LLB student, stealing his car and attempting to kill him. The duo sedated the youth and dumped his body into a drain. However, he regained consciousness after three hours. The accused, Puneet and Jaisingh, are residents of Samastipur, Bihar.The victim, Arun Lallian, met the two for the first time at Navyug Market on August 6. \"They met at a restaurant and got acquainted. During their second meeting at the same place, the duo slipped a drug into Lallian's drink. When he became unconscious, they put him in a Verna,\" said a police official.While driving towards ABS College they strangled him with a mobile charger. Then they threw him into a sewer and covered the body with slabs of stone, said the police. Assuming that the victim was dead, they fled with his car and his cellphone at 9.30pm, said the source.Lallian regained consciousness after spending three hours in the sewer. \"Initially, he was too weak to move. But after a while he started screaming and was pulled out by 1.30am,\" said the source.He managed to reach home and his family informed the police. Meanwhile, the kidnappers made a ransom call to the family demanding Rs 50 lakh for his release. \"We used the call details to trace the accused,\" said the official.While Puneet works for a packaging company, Jaisingh works at a mobile recharge shop, officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15454661", "title": "70% opting for weight loss surgery are homemakers", "text": "NEW DELHI: With Indian women losing the battle of the bulge to their male counterparts, clinics offering weight loss surgeries are reporting a surge in the number of homemakers going under the knife to control their weight.A recent Lancet research had found that at the end of 2008, eight million women in India were obese (body mass index of 30 kg/m2) compared to 4.4 million men.The number of obese men in India increased from 2.3 million to 4.4 million between 1980 and 2008, while among women, it increased from 2.1 million to eight million during the same period.Another Lancet study had also found that in an average Indian woman, BP went up from 120.9mm mercury to 123.1mm mercury in the past 28 years.A fresh study on bariatric surgery done among obese women in Mumbai \u2014 by a researcher from Tata Institute of Social Sciences (TISS) and bariatric surgeon Dr Ramen Goel \u2014 has found that 70% of those who went under the knife or are slated to do so to lose weight are homemakers and the rest are working women.Interestingly, 87.1% of bariatric surgeries were conducted on less than 52-year olds, confirming the trend that younger people are largely opting for weight loss surgeries.Reduced mobility (45.16%) was one of the main reasons for opting for bariatric surgery. Among the women who underwent the weight loss surgery, 25.8% suffered from diabetes , 51.6% from hypertension, 22.8% from hypothyroidism, 54.8% from obstructive sleep apnea and 19.3% from osteoporosisDr Goel said, \"The study, though conducted on a small sample size, shows how younger people are opting for bariatric surgery. Earlier, we would see working women opting for weight loss surgery. But the study shows how the awareness is spreading among housewives. People are realizing it is not really a cosmetic surgery, but one that is required to increase mobility or to stay fit.\"Dr Anita Babtiwale from TISS said the study found that families were being more supportive and taking collective decisions to opt for bariatric surgery. Barely 16.12% of patients said that social issues were the trigger for undergoing the surgery.According to the British Medical Research Council's National Study of Health and Development, most homemakers tend to ignore their diets and do not get sufficient time for exercise. This leads to deposition of fats on the belly which consequently leads to obesity. Working women are less likely to be obese.The study found that weight gain tended to occur at a faster rate among homemakers. Figures showed 38% of long-term homemakers were obese compared with 23% of women who had worked, had partners and had children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "15460071", "title": "Trust writes to Indian High Commission to find whereabouts of Geeta", "text": "Amritsar: Ansar Burney Trust International has written to Indian High Commissioner in Islamabad to trace the whereabouts of Indian girl Geeta Guddi who is presently under the care of a NGO in Pakistan. Talking to TOI on Sunday , Burney informed that Geeta , a deaf and dumb, had entered Pakistan about 13 years back where she was found by Lahore police on railway station . He said Geeta, now 21 , can only write little Hindi language and have told that she had 7 brothers and 3 sisters back home. \"All she could inform that her house is situated next to some river and there is a hotel and hospital near her house\" he said. He said he had also asked the Trust's volunteers to search for the family of Geeta. Eom", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15458877", "title": "Husband hunting during the Raj", "text": "Writer and journalist Anne de Courcy tells Nona Walia about the Imperial marriage market, when virgin British brides would migrate to India to fish for a husband.It wasn't just a figment of Jane Austen's imagination. Husband hunting was serious business in Victorian England. In her book, Fishing Fleet: Husband Hunting in the Raj, British writer, journalist and book reviewer Anne de Courcy tells the untold story of the \"the fishing fleet\" \u2014 large number of single women, who flocked to India to bag a groom. \"It is difficult for us to realise today, but there was an inexorable pressure for women in those days to get married by a certain age. A girl without fortune or great beauty became a nonperson if she did not marry, at that time,\" says de Courcy, as she explains why the pressure to be a memsahib in India was immense.\"A girl's ambition in those days was to have a waist measurement no higher than her age. Once here, the most beautiful ones were pampered and pursued alike by eligible British bachelors and the Indian royalty,\" she says. In this interview, the author explains why the Fishing Fleet's journey to India makes for such a fascinating story. Was this annual migration of young women really such a vast phenomenon? Quite big, I'd say. The Fishing Fleet began in a very small way, in the mid-1600s, when the East India Company would send out the odd shipload of young women (all volunteers) to India, in order to provide wives for the Company men working in India. They were mostly orphans or penniless \u2014 girls unlikely to find a husband in England. As they were known to be going out to 'fish for a husband' they became known as the 'Fishing Fleet' and the name stuck through the years. The Company would feed and clothe these girls for a year, during which they were supposed to find a mate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15455368", "title": "Parking ban at district court creates chaos in Civil Lines", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur bench of Bombay high court has issued directives to the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) for providing parking spaces to citizens by introducing pay-and-park system in high traffic density areas. Ironically, citizens have been denied parking permission on the district court premises, leading to chaos in Civil Lines, especially in the already overcrowded district collectorate premises.The tehsil office area has been witnessing huge chaos for the last four days. The parking space is full of two-wheelers. Besides this, there are many two-wheelers and four-wheelers parked on the stretch between Akashwani square and Setu building. The visitors were stuck in a traffic jam due to erratic parking near district court premises.Explaining the reason behind the chaos at the tehsil office premises, the parking attendant explained that the number of two-wheelers coming in for parking had suddenly gone up from around 500 to 12,00 each day. Ban imposed on parking for outsiders in district court premises has led to this, he added. \"Parking has gone out of control due to large number of vehicles. Similar conditions are prevalent on the district collectorate premises,\" he said.A visit to the district court building revealed that police personnel have been deployed at the main entrance gate towards the tehsil office blocking entry to outsiders' vehicles. The personnel admitted to have been issued instructions to the effect since past four days. \"Other entry points towards the family courts too have been blocked. The second gate in front of the court building is always closed. Only the vehicles of judges, advocates, attorneys and staff are permitted inside,\" a cop revealed.According to the details available with the police staff, the agency appointed for operating the pay-and-park system stopped the service around four months back. \"The agency had obtained the contract at Rs2.5 lakh per month. Around 80% vehicles coming into the building premises are of judges, advocates, attorneys and staff members. The remaining around 1,000 vehicles are those of visitors. The advocates and attorneys refuse to pay the parking charges. The agency suffered huge losses and packed up,\" sources said.After the agency packed up, the parking inside the premises was completely unmanned, leading to huge chaos. This led to a complete ban on parking facility on the district court premises for outsiders, an advocate said.An agency, on the condition of anonymity, said that the pay and park system was very difficult to survive on the premises unless the charges were paid by all, excluding the judges and staff members. \"We operated the pay-and-park for 30 years but suffered huge losses,\" an agency representative said.With no parking space available in the vicinity, even the police vans and jeeps were seen parked on the sides of stretch in front of district court building. The cops too ignored the boards announcing that it was a no parking zone. Thus, the lack of proper system in the District Court building premises is resulting into chaos in the entire area.\"Our association had requested the administration to give us the permission to operate the parking services on the premises but we were turned down. The advocates and attorneys are not supposed to pay the parking charges. Everything was well till November. The expectations to earn huge revenue led to the chaos,\" president of District Bar Association Sudip Jaiswal told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15453505", "title": "Jairam Ramesh approves Rs 400 crore Sarju Development Plan", "text": "RANCHI: Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh gave Jharkhand a gift that it had been waiting for for years when he approved the Sarju Development Plan to make the area in Latehar district a 'liberated zone' and put in on road to progress. A formal project was submitted to Ramesh, who is in Jharkhand on a two-day visit, by deputy chief minister Sudesh Kumar Mahato in a meeting on Saturday.Talking to the media after approving the Rs 400 crore Sarju Development Plan, the Union minister said that the project is expected to bring change the region. \"I have approved the project and asked the state government to work on the plan,\" Ramesh said. The project is twice the size of the ongoing Saranda Development Plan in West Singhbhum district. \"We have approved the blueprint for the project, which is the second such initiative in Jharkhand to tackle the Maoist problem by Centre after the Saranda Development Plan. The project will cover 12 panchayats spread over four blocks,\" said Ramesh.Latehar deputy commissioner Aradhana Patnayak, who prepared the project, said that around 55,000 people will benefit from the plan - which will include construction of 121 roads totaling around 1,000km, construction of new primary schools and upgrade of existing ones into middle and high schools and setting up healthcare and community centres in the area. Every individual in the area, which is almost devoid of roads and healthcare facilities, will get the best facilities one the project is complete.The Union minister also announced to launch the national solar energy-supported water supply system for small villages in Sarju. \"The project will be launched in October in Sarju in October and eventually cover 10,000 villages across the country. I will request Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to visit Jharkhand and launch the project,\" said Ramesh. The project will cover 1,828 villages of Jharkhand, particularly those that have not been electrified yet.Referring to a request made by deputy chief minister to increase the allocation for Indira Awas Yojna, Ramesh said that he will consider the proposal. The state government has requested the Union mister to increase the allocation from around 60,000-70,000 houses to at least one lakh per annum. \"I am also not averse to increase the allocation for MGNREGA for the state in the wake of poor rainfall this monsoon,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "beed", "code": "15459003", "title": "Jundal's close aide picked up for questioning", "text": "BEED: The Mumbai crime branch has picked up for questioning, Abdul Rafe, a close aide of suspected LeT operative Abu Jundal, in connection with the 26/11 Mumbai terror attacks.Rafe was held three days ago and taken to Mumbai for questioning after Jundal told his interrogators that he had told the Beed resident of the plan to attack Mumbai when he was in Saudi-Arabia.Police sources said Rafe was in the Gulf between 2005 and 2008, the period during which he allegedly came into contact with Ansari, one of the handlers of Pakistani terrorists who attacked Mumbai in November 2008.During interrogation, Mumbai police got to know that Rafe, from Georai taluka in Beed district who had shifted to Beed, was in touch with Abu Jundal.After he returned from the Gulf in 2008, Rafe set up a stationery shop in Barshi Naka area of Beed. Jundal was arrested by the Delhi police for his involvement in 26/11 Mumbai terror attacks.Rafe is a prime evidence of the 26/11 attack plot as he was among those who knew of the attack even before it happened, police sources here said.However, Rafe alias Mohoomad Farukh Rafe, has denied involvement in the 26/11 conspiracy, they added.Rafe worked as helper to a receptionist at a Hotel in Saudi-Arabia during 2009 to 2011 when he met Ansari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15454080", "title": "Action against dumping debris nets civil body Rs 2 lakh", "text": "CHENNAI: The Corporation of Chennai is cracking down against the dumping of debris by builders in the city and has collected more than Rs 2 lakh in fines, in a single month, for such indiscriminate dumping from month, say officials.Mayor Saidai S Duraisamy says stringent measures are in place. \"We collected a record Rs 2.88 lakh from the first week of July to the first week of August. Inspectors in each of the 200 wards are keeping a hawk's eye on offenders and fining them on the spot,\" he said. The corporation had collected Rs 3.86 lakh in fines for such dumping from October 2011 to June 2012.Recently, the fine for dumping construction material and debris on the streets was hiked from 500 to 2,000. The civic body recently bought 24 heavy vehicles, including compactors and earthmovers, for 7.32 crore to clear garbage and building debris.\"We are strictly monitoring the builders who are creating nuisance to the public. If we receive a complaint, necessary action will be taken with the help of police. We will also serve notices to those people to remove the material from public places,\" said Duraisamy.Corporation officials said many storm water drains were found clogged even after de-silting because of the dumping of debris. \"It is also found that overflow of drainage water is mainly because of the deposition of debris in drains causing damage to roads,\" said an official.However, there is a problem. \"We don't have separate disposal facilities for construction debris. Most of it goes along with solid waste to the Kodungaiyur and Perungudi dump yards,\" the official added.Some residents say they have a solution. \"It's because of the absence of a separate dumping yard for construction debris that civic workers are dumping it in open spaces and water bodies. But it can be used for road works,\" says Ravi Kumar of Velachery.Building debris, consisting of silt, concrete, plaster, broken bricks, dumped on sides of roads is obstructing traffic and causing pollution, allege many pedestrians. \"Some builders dump debris on roads at night. Civic officials should conduct inspections during night. There are several instances of accidents caused by building debris,\" says a motorist in Nandanam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15455726", "title": "Violence has shifted focus from issue", "text": "The mindless vandalism and wanton destruction of public property have only served to divert attention from issues the Azad Maidan protesters wanted to raise. The brains behind Saturday's protest must ask themselves if they have any control over their foot soldiers. A planned protest against violence thousands of kilometres away degenerating into violence in the heart of Mumbai is completely unacceptable. Having said that, it also appears that police grossly underestimated the number of protesters and lacked intelligence about the intensity of the emotions.Related story:  Mob wrecks all buses, vehicles in its path near Azad Maidan in Mumbai", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15453958", "title": "Traffic curbs imposed on Pimpri rail overbridge", "text": "PUNE: The traffic police have imposed restrictions on the railway overbridge in Pimpri wherein motorists are no longer allowed to go towards Chinchwadgaon from the overbridge.Traffic officials said the changes have been implemented on an experimental basis and that suggestions and objections have been invited from citizens about the new system. The new restrictions are in addition to the one-way plan on the bridge that has been in place for the last two years.The railway overbridge in Pimpri, which connects the highway to the main Pimpri market area, remains busy throughout the day. Earlier, motorists coming from the Mumbai-Pune highway stretch were allowed to go directly towards the Pimpri-Chinchwad link road. As per the new restrictions, vehicle users now have to go towards Shagun chowk and go via River Road and Bhatnagar to reach the link road. The traffic police have put up barricades so that vehicles do not go directly to the Chinchwad link road from the overbridge.The new restrictions have increased the travel distance for motorists and two-wheeler riders going towards Chinchwad by nearly a kilometre. Also, vehicular traffic on the River Road has increased because of the change.Meanwhile, Shiv Sena corporator Ashwini Chinchwade from Chinchwad and member of the standing committee has written a letter to traffic officials saying that the new restrictions are causing hardships to people residing in Chinchwad. She claimed that a majority of Chinchwad residents are opposed to the change.RM Bhamre, assistant commissioner of police, traffic, said, \"The traffic police have invited suggestions and objections from the citizens for this proposed one-way system. We are implementing it on a pilot basis.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15454041", "title": "Men's latest bedroom worry: '50 Shades'", "text": "LONDON: E L James' 'Fifty Shades of Grey' may be supercharging the sex-drives of women across the world, but the erotic novel is heaping pressure upon male partners.A new survey, by ECigaretteDirect.co.uk, found that more than half of the 500 males quizzed (55%) felt under more pressure to improve their performance in the bedroom after their partner read the book, the Daily Mail reported. Just over a quarter (26%) said it had led to an improved intimate relationship with just under one in five (19%) stating it had made no impact at all.Greater frequency of intimacy was found to be the biggest demand on males from their partners. Increased sexual variety came second with increased duration coming third in the list of female lovemaking requests.Interestingly, more than a third (34%) said they had actively encouraged the partner to read the book widely dubbed as \"mummy porn\" however they were now struggling to keep up with the results.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15456048", "title": "CBSE to introduce problem solving assessment: CBSE chairman Vineet Joshi", "text": "INDORE: The Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE), in a bid to test the quantitative and qualitative reasoning of students, is planning to introduce a 'problem solving assessment' (CBSE-PSA) for class IX and XI students from the second term of the 2012-13 academic session. This was informed by the CBSE chairman Vineet Joshi while addressing the national conference of schools principals at the Choitram Schoolm Manik Bagh here on Saturday.Joshi said, the test will assess students in quantitative and qualitative reasoning and language conventions. The test will be compulsory for all students of classes IX and XI and it will most likely be held in the month of January-February 2013. It will carry a total of 90 marks and will have 60 questions of multiple choice questions (MCQ) type.Speaking on the theme 'Assessment - A tool for learning', attended by about 100 principals across the country, Joshi said that assessment is important for students, teachers, parents and schools as it acts as a great motivator if honest and positive feedback is given.He also emphasized that all CBSE affiliated schools must implement continuous comprehensive evaluation (CCE) system in the right earnest without being bothered about how the same was being implemented in other schools. The CBSE chairman also stressed on the need of mentoring and monitoring by CCE mentors to gain more momentum. \"CBSE will ask for evidences and data twice a year after summative assessment 1 and summative assessment 2 of classes IX and X and send feedback to all schools. Formative assessments should be taken to give feedback to students and teachers,\" he said.Urging formative assessment tasks to be made inter-disciplinary and be done in class and not as homework, he encouraged schools to prepare question papers of their own for classes IX and X. He also briefed about the new changes that will be introduced by CBSE from the current and next academic session.Problem solving assessment (PSA) will be introduced in class IX this year while assessment of speaking and listening skills in English language will be introduced from the next session. He said that schools must implement value-based questions in the subjects in classes IX, X, XI and XII from this session. He also gave an indication about CBSE's introduction of open book examination as well as introduction of vocational courses in coming time.Jocelyn Cook, principal research fellow and manager of the Perth office at the Australian Council for Educational Research said that development assessment is the process of monitoring student's progress so that decisions can be made about the best way to support student learning.Dr. Upinder Dhar, vice chancellor of J K Lakshmipat University, Jaipur elaborated on the purpose of assessment as well as the different ways of assessment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15460056", "title": "MoEF recommends list of actions to reduce impact of mobile towers on birds", "text": "LUCKNOW: The ministry of environment and forest (MoEF) has recommended a list of actions to reduce the impact of mobile towers on birds and other forms of wildlife in and around protected areas and zoos.The ministry, in August 2010, had set up an expert committee to study the possible impacts of communications towers on wildlife including birds and bees. The report of the committee highlighted how the electro-magnetic radiation (EMR) interferes with biological systems. On the basis of the report, MoEF prepared a list of actions to be undertaken by various agencies involved in the providing, regulating and dealing, in any other manner, with the EMR based services.The ministry has recommended conducting ecological impact assessment and review of installation sites essentially in wildlife and ecologically sensitive areas, before installing mobile towers. In cases where towers have to be installed in and around protected areas and zoos, forest department has to be consulted.The state forest departments have also been directed to study the impact of radiation on all forms of wildlife as well as humans and provide the report to all agencies concerned for regulating the norms for notification of standards for safe limits of radiations.Sources in MoEF said the list of actions has been forwarded to the chief secretaries of all states, environment secretaries and forest secretaries, department of telecommunications, planning commission and ministry of Panchayati Raj, expecting co-operation from the agencies.The ministry has called for regular awareness drives by state environment and forest departments all over. The awareness campaign has to be taken up more vigorously in and around wildlife protected areas and zoos.The local bodies should regularly audit and monitor the radiation levels in urban localities, educational, hospitals, industrial, residential, recreational premises and around protected and ecologically sensitive areas. The state forest department, however, said it is still to get recommendations.The ministry has recommended that department of telecommunications, in order to prevent overlapping of high radiation fields, new towers should not be permitted within a radius of one kilometer of the existing radius. The new towers set up should not obstruct the path of birds and also not increase the combined radiations from all towers in the area.Location-wise GIS mapping of all cell phone towers should be maintained which would, in turn, help monitoring the population of birds and bees in an around mobile towers and also in and around wildlife protected areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15453969", "title": "2 CISF men held for smuggling gold", "text": "MUMBAI: The Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) arrested five persons, including two Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) sub-inspectors, at the city airport for allegedly smuggling around 11kg gold from Dubai into the country. The seized gold is worth Rs 3 crore and includes 2kg bars and 8.5kg branded jewellery.DRI officials suspect the gang smuggled gold worth Rs 200 crore into the country in the last one year. The two CISF officers, Uday Singh Meena and Murari Lal Meena, have been suspended.A DRI official said Uday and Murari helped the smugglers take their bags containing gold out of the airport. The CISF controls security at all commercial airports in India and its personnel are not checked while entering or leaving the premises. Explaining the modus operandi of the accused, the DRI official said, \"The CISF officers would swap their bags containing clothes with smugglers inside the airport's toilets before they went for Customs and immigration checks. The bags looked similar and hence did not arouse suspicion. The officers would then walk out of the airport through one of the 12 gates and hand over the bags containing gold to the kingpin of the smuggling racket, who would be waiting in a car.\"According to the DRI, the kingpin, Sandeep Rathod, had sent two carriers, Jayant Kumar Mehta and Sagar Chedda, to Dubai where his yet-to-be identified contact handed over the gold to them. Mehta declared the purchase to the authorities before entering the airport and swapped the bag with Chheda. This was done to ensure that Mehta would come out clean in case the Indian authorities received a tip-off from their Dubai counterparts.Upon their arrival in Mumbai, the carriers called up Murari, posted at the domestic airport, who alerted Uday at the international airport. Uday would identify the toilet to be used for bag swapping. He used different toilets to ensure that no official spotted a pattern. In case Uday was not on duty, Murari would handle the job.The CISF officers were paid Rs 20,000 each per kg of gold smuggled. Mehta and Chheda were paid Rs 25,000 each per trip. \"The smugglers made a profit of Rs 3-4 lakh on every kg of gold sold in the market,\" a DRI official said. The accused were released on bail.One more man, Atul Bafna, who is allegedly associated with another smuggling gang was picked up on Saturday from the airport while he was waiting to hand over the gold. Of the seized gold, 4.7kg jewellery was recovered from him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15454259", "title": "Clean air wait for 6 more months", "text": "KOLKATA: A city choking on pollution will have to suffer the gas chamber for at least six more months.The state government on Saturday further deferred the implementation of Bharat Stage (BS) IV vehicular emission norms, citing a supply constraint from manufacturers. The petroleum ministry has banned registration of BS III vehicles in 11 Indian cities, including Kolkata, since April 2010. The Calcutta high court, too, has ordered replacement of BSIII vehicles. But the city is yet to get a respite.\"The government is aware of the high court order. We had to extend the conversion to BS IV deadline by another six months because there is no supply of BS IV type (vehicles),\" state commerce and industry minister Partha Chatterjee said. The government's argument, however, applies to only one automaker, Hindustan Motors (HM), which is yet to roll out its BS IV-compliant diesel taxis.\"We have the 1.8-litre petrol BS IV car and the 2-litre BSIII diesel car. The BS IV-compliant diesel car is being made,\" an HM official said. Tata Motors already has the BS IV Starbus models. Most automobile manufacturers have started manufacturing BS IV vehicles.Saturday's decision came as a shocker, especially when the country is midway into the conversion and the next one, from BS IV to BS V, is due in April 2014. State transport department sources said the government might have relaxed the deadline to accommodate the private automaker, which has a monopoly in the taxi segment in Bengal.Environmentalist Subhas Dutta was dismayed. \"It is not in the domain of the government to stretch emission norm deadlines and throw the city into a gas chamber. I shall bring this to the attention of the high court,\" he said. The hearing on a plea on pollution from automobile emissions filed by Dutta is slated on Thursday. He also pointed out that the state government did not have the power to tinker with the different stages of the auto-fuel policy declared by the ministry of petroleum that are part of the central Motor Vehicles Act.The decision to stretching the BS IV deadline was taken at a meeting chief minister Mamata Banerjee held with private transport operators at Writers' Buildings. The empowered group of ministers overseeing the transport sector attended the meeting.India's auto-emission norms are modelled on those in Europe. Based on recommendations of the Mashelkar Committee, the ministry of petroleum declared the national auto fuel policy and various stages were fixed for adhering to emission norms.The Left Front government, too, had tampered with the norms by letting the public vehicles' department in and RTOs in the districts to register vehicles complying with lower emission standards even after the deadline.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15455016", "title": "Mass protest against attacks on August 16", "text": "MANGALORE: Jaago Mangalore Association, along with other voluntary outfits, is organizing a mass protest on August 16 against the July 28 attack on college students. The protest march will be taken out at 4 pm from Jyothi (Dr BR Ambedkar) Circle to Town Hall, where eminent citizens will address it, said Vijaynath Shetty, chief co-ordinator, Jaago Mangalore Association.\"The unprovoked attack is blot on our democratic values which are enshrined in the Constitution,\" Vijaynath said. \"This trend of forcibly thrusting one's own opinions on hapless citizens in the name of culture would not have happened if anti-social elements behind earlier attacks were punished. It is high time we called the bluff and put an end to this charade,\" he said.The association urged all citizens to participate in the march. He asked protestors to wear a Gandhi cap, black band and carry a torch to while taking part in the protest.Lauding the police for promptly arresting 22 accused, Vijaynath said the recent unintelligible statements, followed by an equally shocking report submitted by Karnataka State Women's Commission chairperson C Manjula effectively indicting the victims and absolving the culprits raise doubts about the future course of the case.For details on the proposed protest march, interested may contact 09821015336.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15454020", "title": "Northeast unions tell students to take precautions amid attacks", "text": "PUNE: Representatives of five northeastern students' unions in the city met on Saturday and advised 10,000-odd students from the region in Pune to avoid stepping out of their homes after 7pm and to move only in groups, after the recent attacks on northeastern students in Pune.The representatives have decided to use social media and SMS to circulate the advisory, which would also ask the students to refrain from attending the Poona College here for at least a week, till the situation simmers down.Representatives of the Naga Students' Union, Mizo Students' Union, Meghalaya Students' Union, Arunachal Students' Welfare Association and Manipur Students' Union attended the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15456014", "title": "Coimbatore zoo animals feel the hunger pangs", "text": "COIMBATORE: For the past one month, animals especially those like deer and camels at the Coimbatore Corporation Zoo at VOC Park are in a miserable plight as there has been a disruption in the supply of green grass to zoo.In a very disturbing development, the workers at the zoo are now cutting branches from the trees in the zoo compound and dropping it in the enclosures of the animals.\"There is shortage of grass to feed these animals, hence we are cutting the branches from the trees and feeding them. It has been like this for over a month now,\" said a worker at the zoo.When asked, zoo director K Asokan initially confirmed that there was shortage of grass but they were somehow managing the situation. He, however, refused to divulge more on the matter.\"We have some fodder issues at the zoo for over a month but we are managing it somehow,\" Asokan said.The Coimbatore Municipal Corporation was growing tall grass adjacent to the sewage farm in Ukkadam to use it as green fodder to feed the animals at the zoo and also the corporation-owned bulls that were used to pull garbage collection carts in the past.But a portion of the land was levelled a few months back as there was a proposal to use the land for some other purpose, including shifting of the omni bus stand which was later abandoned.The civic body had made some arrangement to procure grass from near Tamil Nadu Agriculture University as well but it has been stopped over the last one month due to 'non-availability' of green fodder.\"We were trying to get grass from other sources but that also has ceased. Now there is a shortage of supply or rather no supply of green fodder to the zoo,\" said an official.The corporation officials on the other hand pointed out that they have entrusted the zoo director in charge of the procurement of food items for the animals. They also added that food procurement was not being properly done at the zoo and the issue has already been brought to their notice. Corporation commissioner TK Ponnusamy said that he would look into the matter at the earliest.The facility is in such a pathetic stage at a juncture when the Central Zoo Authority of India (CZA) has sought a fresh report from the zoo about the condition of the animals and the infrastructure facilities available.There are more than 600 animals in the zoo, which is spread over at an area of 4.6 acres. The CZA has already demanded that the zoo should be shifted out to a larger space but the corporation is yet to identify a suitable land to accommodate the zoo.The CZA license granted to the zoo will expire in July 2013. The corporation had plans to shift the zoo to Ettimadai and about 64 acre of land was also identified but it was shelved due to some administrative hurdles.The civic body have plans to expand the zoo by acquiring additional space from the property that was earmarked for setting up Semmozhi Park by the previous DMK government. But nothing concrete has materialised so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15454748", "title": "Police arrest 6 arsonists in Madiaon case", "text": "LUCKNOW: Six persons were arrested late on Friday night after a mob of around a thousand persons lay siege in and around Madiaon police station resorting to arson, stone-pelting eventually damaging more than a dozen vehicles including three police four-wheelers and nine Roadways buses vehicles on Friday afternoon.The crowd was demanding changing a case of an attempt to murder into that of a murder after the victim succumbed to his injuries and arrested of all the accused. The police had arrested one accused at the time of incident.Friday's trouble was the result of a murder attempt on Mohd Yameen allegedly by Surendra Singh along with his aides Satnaam Singh and Rampal Singh on the night of August 6. It all started over a trivial dispute of purchasing gutka, according to police sources. The dispute took a worse turn when Surendra Singh along with his aides beat up Yameen. Rajeshwar Singh, a nearby resident who was also standing there, tried to intervene and received minor injuries. Surendra, according to the circle officer Aliganj Anees Ahmed Ansari, was arrested on night of the attack on Yameen. Seriously injured Yameen was rushed to the hospital, where he succumbed to his injuries on Friday.Enraged over the death of Yameen, local residents kept the body on Lucknow-Sitapur highway and staged a blockade. The police tried to pacify the demonstrators, who were demanding altering the attempt to murder case into that of murder and arrest. However, unrelenting, the mob went berserk thereafter leaving the cops as mute spectators. The mob resorted to heavy stone-pelting on the police party and the vehicles which were trying to pass through. A section of mob entered inside the police station and resorted to heavy stone-pelting resulting in damage to the vehicles parked in the police station. Another section of mob climbed on the overbridge, which passes over the police station and started pelting stone on the police party from there. Senior police officers rushed to the spot and tried to control the situation. A heavy police force was also rushed to the spot to tackle the unruly crowd.In the meantime, a section of mob even set on fire the official police jeep of the Vikasnagar police station. The violence which erupted at around 2.35 pm on Friday continued till 4.50 pm. The violence could be controlled only when police resorted to force and disperse the unruly crowd. Talking to TOI, the circle officer said that despite pacifying the mob that efforts are being made to arrest other accused and that the case of attempt to murder would be altered into that of murder, the crowd went berserk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15460826", "title": "Kiranjit, an icon of fight against oppression", "text": "Neel Kamal/TNNBARNALA: Fifteen years is a pretty long time for public memory related to crime against a petite teenager girl to fade away. But here the outcry over brutal murder after rape of a village girl is far from over in this one and half decades. The fire in the hearts of hundreds of justice seeking Mehal Kalan residents still ignites even though the culprits are out from jail after completing the life sentence for killing the teenager Kiranjit Kaur. Kiranjit' death anniversary, which falls on August 12, still attracts thousands, who converge at village grain market and renew the fight against oppression and crime against women.This year too on Sunday hordes of left leaning comrades, representatives of farmer, labourer, employees organizations assembled not only to pay tributes but to a pledge not to be cowed down by culprits of humanity.Kiranjit Kaur, daughter of physically handicapped teacher Darshan Singh was studying in XII that certain village youths and their domestic helpers had abducted her on July 29, 1997 when she was returning from school on her bicycle. The abductors had raped her repeatedly before killing and pushing the body into a pit dig up in the fields. Her body was pulled out from fields 14 days later on August 11 with Kiranjit' having hair of abductors in her hands pointing towards her resistance. She was cremated the following day.Tens of thousands had gathered for justice to bereaved families and bowing under public pressure then Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal had landed at girl' place and had put certain police officials under suspension. The guilty village boys were immediately imprisoned who later were sentenced to life imprisonment by a Barnala court but after punishment to them fight continued.\"It is not matter of Kiranjit alone but we are fighting for justice to all the women being treated like Kiranjit and this fight will continue till the brutal crimes against the innocent women are not checked properly and culprits taken to task\", said Narain Dutt, who had been at the forefront in agitation for justice to Kiranjit. He said \"the fight for justice to Kiranjit has created a bench mark in fight against odds and the brave, justice loving people of Punjab have proved beyond doubt that fight for justice bears fruit if fought with honesty\".Frail and aggrieved father Darshan Singh has the satisfaction of hordes of people paying tributes to daughter and said \"the fight for justice was not possible alone but with thousands of raised fists together we succeeded to achieve justice and want this for all melancholy victims\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15454182", "title": "Pilferage row boils over Rs 2 per kg rice scheme", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Rs-2-a-kg rice scheme, touted as the gamechanger during the 2009 elections that gave Naveen Patnaik his third successive term as chief minister, has come under the comptroller and auditor general's scanner.Accountant general (general and social sector audit), Odisha, Amar Pattnaik, in a recent communique to the state government, highlighted \"irregular diversion of TPDS (targeted public distribution system) rice to ineligible beneficiaries involving central subsidy of Rs 2648.07 crore\" in the state.Official sources said the accountant general questioned the state government distributing 25 kg rice a month per below poverty line (BPL) household as against the central government policy of distributing 35 kg rice per BPL family. Pattnaik, in his letter, said between 3.40 lakh to 11.10 lakh ineligible families were benefiting from the state government policy, leading to diversion of central subsidy of Rs 2648.07 crore during 2002-12.The state government, however, refused any diversion of rice. \"The crux of the problem lies in the gap between the number of BPL families for which the Centre was supplying the food grain and the number of BPL families the state government was covering under TPDS,\" said secretary, food supplies and consumer welfare, Madhusudan Padhi.Official sources said the Centre was providing 35 kg-a-month rice to 12.62 lakh families at Rs three-a-kg under the Antyodaya Anna Yojana and also an equal amount of rice per family at Rs 6.40 a kg every month to 22.35 lakh BPL households and 5.41 lakh APL (above poverty line) families in eight KBK districts of Odisha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15455158", "title": "Engineers should not succumb to political pressure: Bangalore mayor", "text": "BANGALORE: A day after BBMP officers and employees' unions withdrew their protest against the functioning of the Bangalore Metropolitan Task Force, mayor D Venkatesh Murthy said he did not support the protest that caused inconvenience to the public.On Friday, the mayor told the striking employees that they would get some \"good news\" but on Saturday, he said the issue of retaining BMTF's powers is left to the governmentAt a 'Meet the Press' event, the mayor told reporters that as per the KMC Act, BMTF cannot be given a police station which it enjoys at present. He said the report would be given to the state government.According to BMTF sources, engineers who are facing charges have revealed during investigations that they had entertained building bye-law violations because of pressure from corporators and MLAs.Asked about corporators interfering in the BBMP's works, the mayor said, \"It's their weakness if they succumb to political pressure. I admit that we corporators do tell engineers not to stop construction of poor persons' houses, especially in slums, but not anywhere else. Corporators are only public representatives and must not interfere with the work of engineers,\" the mayor said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15455353", "title": "MNC cabs avoid lightless Faridabad road", "text": "GURGAON: More than a month after the commencement of toll charges on the Gurgaon-Faridabad road, there has not been much development in terms of lighting and communication. The high-speed road, which passes through the Aravalis, has also recorded a large number of accidents mainly because of speeding and wandering animals.Many commuters, particularly women, say they can't use the road at night because it's dark and 'unsafe'. The road developer, on the other hand, says reflectors have been installed throughout the stretch: \"We are not responsible for installation of streetlights on the route. It is the job of the PWD and other state agencies,\" said Manoj, a toll plaza management official of Reliance Infrastructure.The private concessionaire says that its agreement with the Haryana government deals with construction and maintenance of the road only: \"Streetlighting on the toll road was not mentioned in the concession agreement. However we have installed 10 high-mass lamps on the road,\" said another Reliance Infrastructure %official.But commuters are not impressed by the manner in which the concessionaire and the state officials have been passing the buck. \"This road cuts down travel time between Gurgaon and Faridabad by half during peak evening hours. I would like to use it every day, but my company doesn't allow the cab to use this stretch because it's dark at night. As a result, I get stuck in traffic on Mehrauli road on a daily basis,\" said Sneha Goyal, a Faridabad resident who works at an MNC in Gurgaon.Lack of communication facilities like telephone booths also makes commuters feel unsafe. Most mobile networks are also unreachable on the stretch because it passes through a jungle in the Aravalis. \"In case of an emergency you have no support system on this road. There are no telephone booths like on NH-8 and your mobile doesn't work. It's scary at night,\" said Ahish Godara, a Gurgaon resident.While the permitted speed limit on the stretch is 80kph, motorists are often seen driving at more than 100kph. The speeding vehicles often meet with accidents because of wandering stray animals. Herds of grazing cows coming on to the road is commpnplace. But not much has been done to ensure that these animals don't disrupt the traffic.One can't miss a sight of cows, bulls, dogs, pigs, goats and even wild antelopes like nilgai wandering on the road. Especially at night, cows and bulls sitting in the middle of the road pose a safety threat to both the commuters and themselves. Even policemen say they can't do much about stray animals: \"If you have a road in the middle of a jungle, you will always have the problem of animals wandering on it. But what is noteworthy is the fact that most the cows belong to villagers in the neighbourhood.\" said Brijwani, traffic policeman posted on the road.There are only two traffic police posts to punish those who cross the speed limit. Similarly, the frequency of night patrolling by police needs to go up. The toll plaza is equipped with an ambulance, patrol car and a crane to clear the road in case of accidents.Reliance Infrastructure through its Special Purpose Vehicle (SPV) - GF Toll Road Private Limited recently finished four-laning of Gurgaon-Faridabad corridor and two laning of Ballabhgarh-Sohna corridor.It was the company's first state road project executed on a BOT (Build, Operate and Transfer) system for Haryana Public Works Department (PWD). The project will be transferred to the government after a concession period of 17 years during which the road will be operated and maintained by the firm.The 66-km corridor includes Gurgaon-Faridabad, Ballabhgarh-Sohna, Pali Bakri, Surajkund Road. The 25-km Gurgaon-Faridabad stretch, starting from Gurgaon's Mehrauli Road in Sikanderpur and ending at the junction of Pali Bhakri Road in Faridabad, has been built by widening the exiting two-lane road to four lanes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "kohima", "code": "15455832", "title": "PM wants involvement of all to solve Naga problem: MLA", "text": "KOHIMA: Kohima town MLA Nicky Kire on Saturday said Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , in a recent meeting with Naga legislators, had said he wanted all parties in the state, including NGOs and the Forum for Naga Reconciliation (FNR), to find a solution to the Naga political issue.Talking to the media on the sidelines of his visit to 'D' Block landslide areas of Kohima town in the afternoon, Kire said all 60 legislators of present the assembly met the Prime Minister and Union minister for home Affairs and apprised them of the aspirations and feelings of Naga people for an early settlement.At present, the Naga rebel groups are under ceasefire with the Centre and engaged in a political dialogue.As decided at the Joint Legislator Forum (JLF) of Nagaland Assembly, he said chief minister Neiphiu Rio , during the meeting, told the Union ministers about the history of the Nagas, their culture, tradition and the aspirations for an early settlement of the Naga political issue.He added that all 60 MLAs of Nagaland, cutting across party lines, met the Prime Minister and Union ministers and told them that they are ready to resign from the assembly, if a solution comes out. He said it is now up to the Centre what it is going to offer to the people of Nagaland.Kire, who was in London to attend the Olympics, added that sportspersons of Nagaland are not well-equipped with modern sports items. He said in advanced countries, adequate training is provided since childhood and also supply the required sports items.He said it may take another 100 years to reach the level of advanced countries like China, Germany, UK and America. However, the Centre and the state government are trying their best to prepare their players to compete in the international arena.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15461594", "title": "Mumbai students attend eliminations for Malhar 2012", "text": "MUMBAI: Students from colleges across the city were gathered at St Xavier's College in Dhobi Talao to attend the eliminations for Malhar 2012. Eliminations to close to 40 events took place inside the college campus on Sunday, August 12.\"The crowd was really excited. For some events, we got over 35 groups who had participated. It's good to see such enthusiasm in students year after year,\" said Uthsa Mitra, a member of the Malhar 2012 organising committee. Events like street dance and music saw most number of participants and the selected finalists from today will perform once again in front of other judges on August 18 and 19 in the college.Malhar 2012 will be held between August 17 and 19 this year and organisers are hoping a better footfall as compared to last few years. In its 34 th year, the theme chosen for the fest was 'Malhar Local', trying to capture the localness of the city.Conclave 2012 is out to raise the bar set by its predecessors. In the words of Vice-Chairperson (Conclave), Nikita Kohli, \"While there will be structural changes, the underlying theme and spirit will remain intact: to discuss and debate what really and truly matters to us today.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15453946", "title": "Anti-Assam riot protest: Lakhs left stranded as trains, vehicles crawl", "text": "MUMBAI: Rioting outside Azad Maidan disrupted Central Railway services and brought vehicular traffic in south Mumbai to a standstill for several hours on Saturday.Forty-nine BEST buses were damaged in mob violence, which led to cancellation of services for three hours. Harbour line trains were suspended between CST and Wadala for an hour while Main line services ran late during evening peak hours. A total of 38 Main line and 45 Harbour line services were cancelled till 9pm.Key roads such as Mahapalika Marg and D N Road were kept shut as a preventive measure, which left motorists stranded and caused backlogs till central Mumbai. The situation on the roads returned to normalcy only by 7pm, after charred vehicles belonging to the police and the media were cleared.CR train services resumed at around 5.15pm after top officials assured that security personnel will stay with the motorman till the train's last destination point.A CR spokesperson said, \"As the crowd swelled, it impeded the movement of people on platforms. The guards and motormen were finding it difficult to reach their respective cabins in trains on time. This affected the timetable and led to bunching up of services on both Harbour and Main lines.\"On the Harbour line, the running staff, which includes motormen and guards, refused to operate trains without fool-proof security. A Central Railway Mazdoor Sangh member said, \"A security person deserted the motorman's cabin of a Panvel local at Sandhurst Road. Soon, the glass of the motorman's cabin was broken. Guards and the motormen, therefore, refused to run Harbour line services.\"Due to suspension of train services, commuters got stranded inside trains and on platforms. Nakabandis across the city caused traffic jams at S V Road in Andheri and Bandra, near the check naka at Dahisar and parts of Kandivli.\"After the protests at Azad Maidan went awry, the stretch of Mahapalika Marg from Metro Cinema to CST and the D N Road from Hutatma Chowk to CST was cordoned off. Vehicles were not allowed on the south-bound arm of the J J flyover,\" said a traffic police official.Motorists were diverted onto the P D'Mello Road, but it was soon choc-a-bloc with vehicles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15455270", "title": "US road mishap victims\u2019 kin in the dark", "text": "HYDERABAD: Srinivas Raavikanti, one of the five persons from the state who died in a road accident in Oklahoma , went to the United States for better prospects after quitting Infosys in 2011. Srinivas' family, which stays at Ayodhya Colony, Mehdipatnam, is still in a state of shock since they came to know about the tragedy on Friday. A BE from Matrushi Engineering College, Srinivas secured a job in Wipro through campus placement in 2007. Later, he joined Infosys.\"It was in April 2011 that Srinivas went to the US after obtaining H1-B visa. He was with Devon Energy,\" Sampath, a friend of the victim, told STOI. Srinivas was an intelligent student according to his friends, Sampath added.\"Srinivas was a native of Godavarikani in Karimnagar district. His family moved to Hyderabad four years ago. One of his colleagues called up Srinivas' relatives to intimate about the tragedy,\" Sampath added.Srinivas' father Bhoomaiah used to work with Singareni Collieries, but retired sometime ago.Till now, there was no communication either from the US authorities or from Indian consulate about how the accident happened or what arrangements were being made to shift the bodies.Apart from Srinivas, four others - Jaswanth Reddy Subbayyagari, Phanindra Gade, Anurag Anthati and Venkat - died in the road accident.It is learnt that all the five victims became friends during their stay in the same apartment in Oklahoma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15454911", "title": "In SP rule, uncle Shivpal can get away with anything", "text": "LUCKNOW: A day after UP public works department minister Shivpal Yadav was caught on camera telling government officials that it was all right to \"steal a little\" if they worked hard, the top brass of the ruling Samajwadi Party continued to ignore public anger and the Opposition's demand of sacking the minister. Instead, the party issued a press release, which without naming the controversy, claimed communal and casteist forces backed by corporate houses have launched a propaganda to malign the image of the state government by targeting some of its senior ministers.Shivpal is the younger brother of ruling Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav and uncle of chief minister Akhilesh Yadav. While addressing a meeting of district development meeting in Etah, Shivpal was caught on camera telling officials that it's okay to steal a little, if they worked hard, but do not indulge in loot. The video footage of the meeting showed Shivpal saying: \"Maine to usi din PWD walon se khule aam keh diya tha agar mehnat karoge to thodi bahut chori kar sakte ho, dakaiti nahi daloge (I have told PWD people openly that if you work hard, you can steal a little, but don't behave like dacoits). Agar aap...buddhi lagaoge, agar inhe meetha paani doge to chori kar sakte ho (if you apply yourself, give them water, you can steal a little).\"The meeting was held on Thursday and nearly every news channel telecast it on Friday morning, forcing Shivpal to swing into damage control. In a hurriedly called press conference around noon on Friday, a rattled Shivpal issued a veiled threat to the media, saying his statement was twisted out of context, which is against Press Council of India guidelines.Shivpal alleged that some reporters sneaked in, shot the event and edited it in a way which showed him in poor light. \"Even if they (media) got in, they should have shown the whole story,\" he said. \"This is against the Press Council guidelines and I may lodge a complaint in this regard,\" he said. Yadav said he had taken strict action against more than 100 officials on charges of corruption in five months of the SP rule. He said the media has reported nothing about that.Several UP ministers, including past chief ministers, are being probed for corruption and face charges in courts of possessing wealth disproportionate to their declared income.Shivpal wanted to become CM: Shahid SiddiquiShivpal's remark triggered widespread outrage, with the opposition accusing the Samajwadi Party of licensing corruption.Senior BJP leader Lalji Tandon said, \"A minister's statement is like a policy of the government, and if he says so, then the government is offering a licence to steal public money.\" He demanded that the minister be sacked.The Bahujan Samaj Party also asked chief minister Akhilesh Yadav to take firm action against Shivpal. BSP general secretary and leader of the opposition in the assembly, Swami Prasad Maurya, said Shivpal's statement vindicated his party's contention that UP was being looted by the new government.UP Congress chief Rita Bahuguna Joshi joined the BJP and the BSP in attacking the Samajwadi Party government, saying, \"If the minister himself says so, then there will be no end to corruption.\"Former SP leader Shahid Siddiqui, who was sacked for interviewing Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi recently, told reporters that Shivpal wanted to become chief minister and was trying to bring down his nephew's government. \"I am sorry to say that a young man, an honest man, Akhilesh will have to pay the price for the faults of his uncle,\" he added. Not only political parties, people at large condemned Shivpal's statement which they said will hurt the young chief minister's image. However, instead of taking action, both Akhilesh Yadav and father Mulayam Singh Yadav chose to keep mum over the issue. Instead, on Friday, party spokesperson Rajendra Chaudhary issued a press release saying that Shivpal held a janta darshan to redress the problem of the poor who had come from across the state. And, on Saturday, Chaudhary in a press statement said the government is working for all sections of the society and all-round development of the state but the Opposition is behaving in a strange manner. Instead of constructive criticism, he added, the Opposition has launched a negative campaign against the government in connivance with those having vested interests.Significantly, in 2006, when the SP was in power and Mulayam was the chief minister, Shivpal had described the killing of children at Nithari in Noida as a law and order problem. It had become a major issue in the 2007 assembly elections which the SP lost. SP sources say Shivpal is unhappy with the rise of Akhilesh who is much junior in relation, experience and age. In a recent interview to a weekly, Shivpal said that Mulayam should have become the chief minister.Times viewOne of the reasons why the people of UP voted the Mayawati government out was because it was perceived as very corrupt. The SP, with a young Akhilesh Yadav at the helm, was able to capitalise on this sentiment and the party won a comfortable majority. But five months into power, there are signs that Akhilesh may not be fully in control of his government and may be powerless to act against his 'uncles'. The fact that the government has glossed over what Shivpal Yadav reportedly said about \"stealing a little\" clearly shows it is willing to turn a blind eye to power groups, even if it means a severe dent in party's image. The onus is clearly on Akhilesh to act, and now. Tomorrow may be too late.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15455081", "title": "Indian National Congress is the richest political party", "text": "BANGALORE: Political parties in India mean business, literally, when it comes to finances.According to an RTI revelation, the Indian National Congress (INC) is the number one party when it comes to money in their kitty. The INC has, between 2007-2011, earned Rs 1,492.35 crore, while its archrival BJP is close behind at No. 2 with an income of Rs 769.81 crore during the same period. Janata Dal (Secular) is rated No. 3 with an income of Rs 4.63 crore in the four years.NGOs Association for Democratic Reforms (ADR) and Karnataka Election Watch (KEW) had filed the RTI wanting to know about the income and expenditure of the top political parties in India and Karnataka. it has come out that Indian National Congress is also a number one party when it comes to financial income.While INC declared that its main source of income was through selling of coupons (Rs 1,171.61 crore), for BJP it was through donations (Rs 644.77 crore). While INC has spent more on election expenses (Rs 716.03 crore) and in form of aid to others (Rs 131.18 crore), BJP has spent more on advertising and publicity (Rs 271.00 crore) and travelling and meeting (Rs 219.12 crore).\"Before exercising their franchise, people have the right to know from where political parties get their funds. To hide donors' identity, parties accept donations below Rs 20,000 in the form of coupons. No one knows who funds such coupons. We have brought this to the notice of the Election Commission of India, but the Commission itself has limited powers. The cash transactions also hint at money power in elections. Bribing voters is one of the most corrupt practices. No party should support candidates with tainted record,\" said Trilochan Sastry, founder member of National Election Watch.The information that was sought from the I-T department through an RTI application was made public on Saturday in Bangalore. The I-T department, following an order passed by the chief information commissioner, provided the information on income tax returns filed by various political parties. The NGOs, in their report, also noted that JD(S) did not file I-T returns between 2008-09 and 2010-11.The information was made public on Saturday in Bangalore.As per the records available with the Election Commission of India, there are six national parties and 46 recognized state parties in India. In addition to this, there are 1,139 unrecognized parties in India.Top sources of income for major parties of Karnataka for financial year 2007-08, 2008-09, 2009-10 and 2010-11INC earns maximum from the sale of coupons (Rs 1171.61 crore).All three parties analyzed have donations/contributions as one of their main source of income. BJP with Rs 644.77 crore has received maximum donation. INC has received Rs 183.82 crore and JD(S) has received Rs 4.58 crore in the form of donations.Interest collected is also one of the major sources of income for all three parties: INC- Rs 82.15 crore, BJP- Rs 53.41 crore and JD(S) Rs 94,000.Top 3 items of expenditure of major parties in Karnataka between 2007-2011The maximum expenditure for INC has been towards elections, amounting to Rs 716.03 crores, followed by expenses towards Aid (Rs 131.18 crores)Publicity is one of the top three items of expenditure for INC and BJP with the latter spending approximately Rs 271 crores while the former spending Rs 87.42 crores. BJP spends a large sum of money on travelling (Rs 141.15 crores) and meetings (Rs 77.97 crores).Shocking stats*Among the Top 3 parties analyzed, The INC had highest total income of Rs 1,492.35 crore for the period of 2007-11, followed by BJP with Rs 769.81 crore and JD (S) with only Rs 4.63 crore*The share of donations in the total income is 83.75% for the BJP, while INC has shown that their share of donations received from the total income is mere 12.31 %. The remaining is largely from sale of coupons. For instance, the INC received close to Rs 1,171 crore though coupon system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15454944", "title": "CNG to clear \u2018most polluted\u2019 Ludhiana\u2019s air", "text": "LUDHIANA: With the introduction of Compressed Natural Gas (CNG), the city would soon be able to cut down on the pollutant gases in its atmosphere, simultaneously getting rid of the tag of the 'most polluted' city in the country.In the first phase of the project, the city bus service would be converted to CNG, while other vehicles would get access to CNG from the established CNG pumps in the next phase.Zonal commissioner Amarjeet Singh Sekhon, who is the chief executive officer (CEO) for the project, said a meeting on the project was held between the municipal commissioner and GAIL authorities on Thursday, during which they prepared a rough draft of the memorandum of understanding. \"The final MOU with the requisite changes would be signed on Monday,\" he said.The 20 existing buses would be converted into CNG and the 30 new buses would also be made CNG compatible in the first phase. In the second phase, the CNG stations which will be set up at Sukhdev Thapar Interstate Bus Terminal and on the MC land opposite the bus stand would start providing CNG to private vehicles.\"Another commercial agreement will be signed with GAIL before we go ahead with the second phase of the project,\" said Sekhon.He said they are looking for other sites to set up CNG stations, like the one on Hambran Road, near city bus service workshop.Deputy commissioner and managing director of the project Rahul Tewari said, \"The CNG project is being implemented under directions from the Punjab and Haryana high court. The 300 new buses to be bought for Ludhiana and Amritsar would be all CNG buses.\"He said once the MOU is signed between the transport department and GAIL, the project would be implemented speedily with in six to eight months.Civil Lines resident and an activist Jatinder Maudgil, who was the first transporter (operator) to start CNG bus service in Delhi and is a complainant in the writ filed for implementation of CNG in Punjab, particularly in Ludhiana, Jalandhar and Amritsar, said, \"I m happy that this long drawn battle has led to environment friendly measures. I hope the beginning is good, as there is a long road ahead.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15454183", "title": "Kidnapped Hindu girl embraces Islam, gets married", "text": "A 14-year-old Hindu girl, Manisha Kumari, who was kidnapped from Jacobabad city in Pakistan, has been forced to convert to Islam and marry a Muslim man, her father claimed on Saturday. Her father Rewat Mal said his daughter had called him from an unknown location on Friday and said she had converted to Islam and changed her name to Mahwish and married Ghulam Mustafa Channa. \"She can never give up her religion. She has been coer-ced into doing it,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15454986", "title": "Poor on their mind, schoolkids do their bit", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Realizing the need for helping members of underprivileged society, many school students have taken a step to bring about a change. On the international youth day, TOI takes a look at two such initiatives.A group of four friends, Paavan Joshi, Jugaad Pannu, Devika Singh and Garvita Sharma, from different city schools formed an NGO \"Khwaish\". In their first event on July 28, they organized a used clothes donation drive in Sector 49 market from where they collected four boxes full of clothes, which were then donated to the underprivileged people. \"Our goal was to collect as many clothes as we could and donate them to the needy. Our next event will be at the old age home, where we will spend time with the inmates and entertain them,\" said Garvita Sharma, a student of Ryan International School.On the other hand, for Yuvadharti members it was the depleting forests and greenery of the city which made them form an organization. They started with a plantation drive in Tricity followed by rest of the initiatives to spread awareness regarding various environmental issues. The organization was started by five Class XII students, two years ago and now it has more than 851 volunteers actively involved in one or the other way. \"Thanks to social networking sites,\" they say.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15455338", "title": "Ranthambore favourite in Sanjay Kakade Group Turf Club Trophy", "text": "PUNE: Young Adhirajsingh Jodha-trained Ranthambhore appears to enjoy slight edge over Pesi Shroff-schooled Cardinal in the Sanjay Kakade Group Turf Club Trophy (Grade 3), the feature event of the Sunday's Pune races. There are 10 races on Sunday with the first starting at 12.30 pm.Selections1. Moosa M Hoosein Trophy-Div-II (1200m): Gloria 1, Marine Zone 2.2. Nelson River Plate-Div-II (1000m): Machala 1, Mountain Lion 2.3. Kia Ora Plate (1400m): Starlight Magic 1, Vibgyor 2.4. Moosa M Hoosein Trophy-Div-I (1200m): Tag Along Tommy 1, Golden Memory 2.5. Mayor's Trophy (1800m): Nigella 1, Sergeant Major 2.6. Hurricane Plate-Div-I (1000m): Mahiki 1, Burgundy Rose 2.7. Sanjay Kakade Group Turf Club Trophy (Grade 3) 1400m: Ranthambhore 1, Cardinal 2.8. Hurricane Plate-Div-II (1000m): Starsonboard 1, Bourbon Street 2.9. Goodness Gracious Plate (1600m): Step Up 1, Macedonian 2.10. Nelson River Plate-Div-I (1000m): Bayblues 1, Bathsheba 2. Day's best: Starlight MagicAstapi wins featureFavourite Astapi easily outclassed his three rivals to claim the Eve Champion Trophy (Grade 3), the feature event of the Saturday's Pune races.Results with Mumbai/Pune dividends1. Ruben Star Plate (1800m): Grand Design 1, Swift Memories 22. Deepak Raut Gold Trophy-Div-II (1400m): Maori Chief 1, Smokey Baba 23. Zephyr Bay Plate (1400m): Lazor Razor 1, Cheponski4. Cabriolet Plate (1600m): Agni Baan 1, Chemin De Fer5. Al Dente Plate-Div-II (1000m): Matilda 1, Serena 26. Eve Champion Trophy (Grade 3) 2000m: Astapi 1, Macchupicchu 2, Native Knight 3, Bling 4. 2-1/2, 1, 2-3/4. T:2:07.06. Tote: Rs 17 for win; 11, 19 for places; Shp: 27; Fc: 36; Q: 14; Tanala: 67 and 24.7. Deepak Raut Gold Trophy-Div-I (1400m): Winston 1, Scarlatti 2. 8. Ronin Plate (1800m): Brunello 1, Cavalryman 2. 9. Aspinalls Plate (1200m): Incentio 1, Eskimo10. Al Dente Plate-Div-I (1000m): Emerging Star 1, Guns N Roses 2. 1st Jackpot: 70% Rs 1558 (86) &amp; 30% 136 (421); 2nd Jackpot: 70% 1673 (169) &amp; 30% 78 (1557); Super Jackpot: 70% 2301 (31) &amp; 30% 112 (273); 1st Treble: 546 (25); 2nd Treble: 108 (103); 3rd Treble: 440 (42).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15455373", "title": "Civic neglect drowns 11-year-old", "text": "GURGAON: OnWednesday, an 11- year-old child's body was recovered from Railway Road, which was inundated with rainwater for two days. It is learnt that the child was mentally challenged.A case has been registered in the Sector 5 police station and the postmortem report confirmed that the child's death was caused by drowning.Heavy rain in recent days had led to acute waterlogging in old Gurgaon. Poor drainage system was the main cause behind flooding and it was only on Wednesday that the child's body was recovered.The child has been identified as Chirag, the only son of one Ashwini Kumar, and he was studying in Class III of a school in Sector 10. It is run by an NGO, Khushbu, and is a special school run for mentally challenged students.Residing in Swaroop Garden adjacent to the railway station, Chirag was dropped by the school van driver on the waterlogged street.While his mother couldn't go to pick him up because of the heavy rain, Chirag himself started walking towards his home. He accidentally fell in a waterlogged road pit which was right under an electric transformer.When Chirag was pulled out of the water, he was unconscious and his family was informed. He was rushed to the hospital where the doctor declared him dead.Dr Depak Mathur, who conducted the post-mortem, revealed that the death was caused by drowning. Inversigating officer ASI Sanjeev Kumar claimed that no criminal case has been registered so far and no one is accused of being the culprit.Chirag's father Ashwini claims that his son had died due to electrocution. He added that when Chirag was being carried to the hospital, his skin had turned blue. He blames the electricity department's negligence for his child's death. This claim was, however, refuted by Dr Mathur.Several questions are being raised about the negligence of the civic authorities as well as the wisdom of the driver who dropped a mentally challenged child on a waterlogged street.Meanwhile, the NGO expressed shock but said that negligence by the school can't be cited as the reason behind the child's death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15455878", "title": "Rush to procure booze from Meghalaya", "text": "GUWAHATI: People of the city rushed to wine shops in neighbouring Meghalaya for the third consecutive day on Saturday after most bars and booze stores in the city were closed down by the Kamrup (Metro) district administration here on Thursday evening following a Gauhati high court order.After the Kamrup (metro) district administration closed down all bars and liquor shops within 500-meter radius of educational institutions, religious places, courts and healthcare centers following the HC order, customers are thronging wine shops located along the NH-37 stretch from Khanapara area to Jorabat in Meghalaya.Because of the ban in city, wine shops in Khanapara are benefiting most. These wine shops do not come under the state excise department and hence are continuing with sale of liquor despite being close to the city. \"We are making good money after customers from various parts of the city are coming to buy liquor here,\" said a wine shop employee at Khanapara.There is traffic congestion along NH 37 from Khanapara to Jorabat, especially in the evening, since the last three days because of the rush to procure wine from there. \"Our friends are finding it difficult since the closure of the bars, which were merrymaking points for us. We have no other option but to go to Khanapara to buy the wine,' said Rajdeep Mazumdar, a city youth.On the other hand, owners of city bars and liquor shops on Saturday convened an urgent meeting in the city and decided to move the Assam government to make provisions for reopening the closed bars and shops. \"In Guwahati, many wine shops came up before 2005. It needs review whether the wine shop became operational earlier or the educational institution. In other cases also similar assessment by the government is required,\" said Alak Dutta, the secretary general of All Assam IMFL Retailers' Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15455445", "title": "Only one pothole every three kms on Nagpur roads!", "text": "NAGPUR: In an interesting revelation, the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has claimed that there are just 1,256 potholes remaining on roads as on August 10. It roughly translates to just one pothole for every three kilometre.Considering the poor condition of the roads currently, citizens would find it hard to believe the claim. Corporators from almost all parties have slammed the report and asked the engineers to visit all the wards and make a correct estimate of potholes.According to NMC's data, there were 2,815 potholes on all roads, including those coming under the jurisdiction of NMC, NIT, PWD and NHAI. Out of it, 1,334 potholes were on roads with width over 12 metres while the remaining are on roads below the specified width.The NMC claimed that it had repaired 1,559 potholes, including 647 on over 12 metre wide roads and 912 in the second category. There are only 1,256 potholes (687 and 569) remaining to be filled up.The data also states that the total road length in the city is more than 4,000km. A simple arithmetic division reveals that for every three kilometre stretch, there is one pothole.TOI spoke to corporators from every zone for their reaction and every one them have damned the report.Leader of opposition Vikas Thakre, who comes from Laxmi Nagar Zone which has 227 potholes, said his ward has \"between 800-900 potholes\". \"There are seven wards in the zone and one can well imagine the actual number of potholes,\" he said. \"Everyone is facing great inconvenience due to the poor condition of the roads. The report is a big blot on NMC,\" Thakre added.Member of the standing committee and ruling party corporator, Parinay Fuke (Dharampeth Zone, 115 potholes) expressed shock over the report and vowed to take up the issue in the next standing committee meeting. \"There are probably more than 115 potholes just in my ward and some of them are 2 feet deep,\" he said, adding that ward-wise teams should be formed for counting the potholes.BSP corporator Kishor Gajbhiye (Hanuman Nagar Zone, 58 potholes) said that there are nearly 300 potholes on Ring Road itself \"that too in the stretch towards South Nagpur\". \"Rameshwari Road, Bhagwan Nagar Road and other roads in my ward too has a number of potholes,\" he added.Raju Lokhande (Dhantoli Zone, 59 potholes), the senior-most and ruling party corporator, said that one road in his ward comprises more than the given number of potholes. \"Patel Road, Medical Square Road, Great Nag Road are full of potholes,\" he said.Ashok Mule (Nehru Nagar Zone, 172 potholes), husband of BJP corporator Rita, said that 172 potholes in an entire zone \"cannot be justified\". \"Roads near Sakkardara Lake, Tajbagh, Umrer Road, Bidipeth Road, Santoshi Mata Nagar are in a sorry state,\" he said.Terming the report as misleading, Abha Pande (Satranjipura Zone, 177 potholes) said, \"The engineers are submitting reports without paying any paying heed to complaints from corporators. They should be speaking to every corporator in the zone and also going around to know the exact situation.\"BJP corporator Devendra Meher (Lakadganj Zone, 88 potholes) said that the NMC has just not been able to maintain the roads. \"Ring road and other internal big and small roads require immediate attention. My ward itself comprises over 300 potholes,\" he said.Shiv Sena corporator (Ashi Nagar Zone, 94 zones) very sarcastically said the engineers may have counted potholes of only one lane. \"If potholes which are two feet deep in Tipu Sultan Square are not visible to engineers, how can we depend on them to count it,\" he asked.Dr Prashant Chopra (Mangalwari Zone, 241 potholes) has invited the engineers for a joint inspection of the Raj Bhavan-Acchraj Square to Durga Mandir Square and Katol road Square, Takli Feeder Road, Mental Hospital Square to Police Line Takli lake square. \"We will surely find much more than how much they counted,\" he said.The chairman of standing committee, Dayashankar Tiwari said the NMC has begun to repair the potholes. \"Engineers were given a deadline to repair all potholes within a week at a meeting on August 4. The deadline ended on Saturday. But engineers have reported that there are still 1,256 potholes remaining on the roads due to disruption in repair works for three days due to heavy rains. Now, the deadline has been extended by four days. Action will be taken against the engineers if any pothole is found after the deadline,\" he said.Pothole countingZone PotholeLaxmi Nagar 227Dharampeth 115Hanuman Ngr 58Dhantoli 59Nehru Nagar 172Gandhibagh 25Satranjipura 177Lakadganj 88Ashi Nagar 94Mangalwari 241Total 1,256", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "15453535", "title": "Lohardaga MLA pushes para-teachers' demands", "text": "LOHARDAGA: The All Jharkhand Students' Union (Ajsu) Party MLA from Lohardaga has said he will not let the assembly's monsoon session begin if the government fails to meet the demands of para-teachers.MLA Kamal Kishore Bhagat met the para-teachers in a meeting on the premises of Nadia Hindu High School which was organized by the District Para-Teachers' Association on Friday. \"Demands of para-teachers are right. Para-teachers are backbones of primary education. They are shaping the future of lakhs of students in the state. The education minister is not sensitive towards their demands. If the government will not accept all their demands, the Ajsu Party will not let the assembly's monsoon session run,\" said Bhagat. He said the education minister had failed to uplift education in the state. The CM should interfere into the matter.The para-teachers' association has already announced agitation to press for their demands which include proper salary and facilities equal to regular teachers. Association's district head Taj Mohammad said if the government was not implementing decisions promised in an agreement signed earlier, the mode of agitation would be intensified. Secretary Virendra Yadav urged the para-teachers in the district to participate in \"jail bharo\" programme in Ranchi on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15453980", "title": "Students from northeast a terrified lot", "text": "PUNE: Students from North-East who are staying in Pune are petrified and many of them have stopped attending college, said students' union representatives, after several students from the region were beaten up in separate incidents in Kondhwa and Pune Camp areas during the last few days. Frantic parents of these students have been constantly calling representatives of the North-East students' associations, concerned about the wellbeing of their children.Naga Students' Union president Peimingam A.Zimik said, \"I did not sleep on Friday night as I received 30-40 phone calls from worried parents and members of northeast students' unions in other cities. A majority of the parents who called said they would call their wards back if the situation worsened in Pune.\"Manipur Students' Union Alam M K said that so far he had received around 20 calls from frantic parents who are worried about the safety of their children. \"Some of them were planning to call their children back to the northeast. Several students did communicate to us about going back to their native place but we told them that the police have everything under control and have deployed their staff in Kondhwa and Camp to keep the situation under control,\" he said.Mizo Students' Union president Jacob V Khiangte said that approximately 50-60% of students in the union are currently staying at home and not attending college out of fear. \"Students staying in Kondhwa are afraid to get out of their homes. About 10 parents have called me asking about the well-being of their children here,\" he said.Khiangte, however, added that the police and the local leaders have assured them that they would try their best to maintain peace. \"They said that they would communicate to the youngsters not to ill-treat the students from the northeast community. This assurance has helped us believe that no such incidents will recur.\"Arunachal Students' Welfare Association (Pune) president Likha Rajum said that more than 50% of the 200 students in his union are currently not going to college out of fear.\"I have received about 20-30 calls from worried parents who inquired about the condition here and asked us to be careful. Many said that if the problem aggravates, they would call their children back. Students are scared to get out of their homes or hostels too. Only those who have a big group of friends are venturing out,\" he said.A student from Poona College, who was attacked, said on condition of anonymity, \"We have our examination in October, but I am not going to college out of fear. The last date to fill the examination form is August 14. If I don't do that, I will lose a year. Many students from northeast are afraid to get out of their homes, including those who are working professionals. My parents have asked me not to step out of home for the time being.\"Another victim, who moved to Pune from Manipur on July 21, had recently joined Poona College. \"A few boys approached me on the college campus and asked me where I was from. When I said Manipur, they beat me up. I am not going to college as I feel very insecure in Pune,\" he said.A student of Abeda Inamdar Senior College was beaten up in the Kondhwa area. \"I was attacked around 10 pm on August 8 when I was walking alone. Seven to eight youths attacked me before following me for some time. They then stopped me and asked me if I was from Manipur to which I replied in the affirmative. They then started beating me up. A majority of them seemed around 15 to 17 years of age while the rest seemed to be above 20 years old,\" he said.Another student, who is pursuing his third year in B A from Poona College, said, \"I am from Manipur and was attacked on the college premises on August 9. I was alone and was approached by 5-6 males, some of who looked like teenagers. They called me 'chinki' and started beating me.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15454948", "title": "Working smart is their success mantra", "text": "CHANDIGARH: These two young filmmaking groups in the city not only believe in working hard but working smart too. Comprising five to seven members each, they started with just a camera and a story in mind and are now looking at charting their own course. One of the teams, Rudra Theatre Company, wanted to make a comedy but ended up making a feature film, \"The Dark Side,\" on a serious issue. Directed by Ravinder Kumar along with college-going artists, Anurag Shandilya, Abhay Singh Longia, Amrit, Purnima, Pooja and Soumya Singh, the film is currently being shot on a shoestring budget. Ravinder says, \"Films play a major role in society's development but Mumbai does not have progressive cinema.\"Kalakshetra, another group made its first feature film, \"The Broken Trestle\", in 2011. The film could not be screened in theatres due to low camera output. But the group hasn't lost hope and have already started working on their next film, \"Single-And-a-Half,\" based on relationships. Upmanyu Naskar, whose idea the film was and who directed it says, \"Going to Mumbai and struggling there would be hard work and will take years. So why not work smart right here from our city.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15454354", "title": "Robbery plot lands woman in police net", "text": "KOLKATA: Police on Saturday took into custody a 25-year-old homemaker for plotting a robbery at her brother-in-law's house in Baguiati. The cops had been probing the case since last month but failed to get any substantial lead all this while. It was only on Friday night when they nabbed a criminal from Ekbalpore with firearms and some jewellery that they came to know the booty was looted from the house of Jaiswal brothers in Baguati.\"We had received a tip-off on a petty case that involved local tough Nizamuddin. After he was rounded up from Santoshpur-Akra locality, we seized fire arms and some jewellery. It was during interrogation that he confessed that the ornaments were from a robbery in Baguiati,\" Kolkata Police DC Port Mehbbob Akhtar said.In a night-long raid, police then rounded up other gang members - Anwar, Sanjay Balmiki and the receiver of the booty. Realizing the game was up for them, the robbers spilled the bean. It was learnt that Raju and Sibshankar Shaw - brothers of the accused - had contacted them to rob the house. When police picked up the two brothers early on Saturday morning, they revealed that it was their sister who had hatched the plot. Sumani was then taken into custody.On the evening of July 16, robbers had raided the two-storied building of the Jaiswal family at Jyangra, Baguiati. The robbers barged into the ground floor where middle-aged Pushpa - sister-in-law of Sumani - was alone. \"They robbed cash and jewellery worth Rs 2 lakh at gun point,\" Pushpa recounted. Her husband Kripashankar, who is a trader, and her two children were not home then. Conspirator Sumani was on the first floor with her two kids during the robbery. Later, she had claimed that robbers had raided her room too but left after they could not find anything valuable.Sumani on Saturday confessed to her crime and justified her act, saying: \"I was fed up with her (Pushpa's) constant interference in my family life.\" She claimed that Pushpa had been mentally torturing her since her marriage with Kripashankar's younger bro-ther Subash. According to her statement, Subhash works as at a motor parts shop and their economic condition was not sound. Sumani also told police that the burning desire to teach Pushpa a lesson led her to plot the robbery.\"We did have altercations often. But I still can't believe chhoti bahu plotted the crime,\" Pushpa said. Police have seized a major portion of the booty and five cell phones, along with a gun that had been brandished during the robbery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15454302", "title": "Alert in Kolkata after Mumbai violence", "text": "KOLKATA: The unexpected violence in Mumbai over the Assam riots sparked alarm in Kolkata on Saturday afternoon. The police top brass asked all officers to strengthen patrolling across the city, especially in sensitive areas.Police suspect that the Mumbai violence is part of a pan-Indian campaign by a radical outfit. Officers have noted indications of \"provocation\" in Kolkata as well. \"Posters have cropped up in some places in the past two days and bulk messages are being sent on the Assam riots. There is an attempt to provoke people by sending SMSs on the ethnic clash in Myanmar as well, where several people have been displaced,\" said a senior officer.Kolkata Police have started tracking down the senders of the text messages. Senior officers are in touch with religious leaders to avert any untoward incident. Police in the districts have been put on alert because suspicious activities have been noticed in some rural areas. With waves of Assam migrants continuing to enter Cooch Behar and Jalpaiguri, police have been asked to step up their watch in these border districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15453863", "title": "Proposed auto strike called off", "text": "PUNE: The Rickshaw Panchayat, the biggest union of the autorickshaw drivers in the city, on Saturday, postponed their proposed strike scheduled for August 16 to protest against insufficient supply of CNG at refilling outlets in the city.The union on Saturday announced that though the strike call has been postponed for now, a strong agitation will be held if demand for more CNG outlets is not met immediately.\"We will not be going on strike as the district collector and chairman of the Regional Transport Authority, Vikas Deshmukh, assured to initiate steps to streamline CNG supply in the city,\" said Nitin Pawar, convenor of the panchayat.Pawar said over 20,000 autorickshaws in the city have fitted CNG kits, and the existing CNG outlets are not sufficient to cater to the daily demand of CNG. He said there have been delays in opening additional CNG outlets. The Regional Transport Authority (RTA) and the Regional Transport Office (RTO) should look into the issue seriously.The panchayat last week had issued a warning that autorickshaws would go off roads owing to severe inconvenience faced by the rickshaw drivers every day. The district collector on Friday conducted a meeting to look into the issue.\"The problem of inadequate supply of CNGis there for the last one year. It would further increase as the vehicles with CNG are increasing.The number of supply stations has not increased in proportion to the number of CNG vehicles. It hampers the daily business of autorickshaw drivers,\" said Baba Shinde of the Pune City Auto Rickshaw Federation.Shinde said when there is no proper infrastructure in place, how the government expect better service from autorickshaw drivers. The government has increased CNG supply in the cities like Delhi and Mumbai, why there is a delay in commencement of additional CNG refilling stations in the city.The autorickshaw drivers demand* Increase in number of CNG outlets* 24x7 CNG refilling outlets across the city* Sufficient supply of CNG at the outlets* Subsidy for CNG kits* Monitoring of CNG outlets by the government", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15453294", "title": "Kochi may become a regatta venue again", "text": "KOCHI: Come December and the city once again is likely to wake up to the rhythmic songs of invigorated oarsmen splashing through the placid backwaters of Kochi.After a break of eight years, the District Tourism Promotion Council (DTPC), buoyed by the increasing queries of domestic and foreign tourists, is making an all-out effort to restart the Indira Gandhi Boat Race. It has already submitted a proposal to the district administration and the tourism department to revive the boat race. Keeping an eye on the increased tourist inflow during the year-end, the DTPC wants to conduct the event in the last week of December.\"We have not been holding the boat race at Marine Drive since 2004. However, this year we want to revive it as we have got queries from several foreign and north Indian tourists, who intend to plan their visit to the city during the boat race period,\" said DTPC secretary T N Jayasankar. Kochi attracts the maximum number of foreign and domestic tourists between Christmas and New Year.Incidentally, though the regatta was last held in 2004, the tourism department's festival calendar on its website notes that every year, from 2011, the boat race is held on December 28.Meanwhile, the DTPC officials are not sure if they could hold the event this year. \"We don't have funds to dredge the Marine Drive area for the race. We need to dredge up to 6m deep,\" said Jayasankar. From 1998 to 2004, the colourful water sport-cum-festival was held every year either in November or December at Marine Drive to boost tourism in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15454743", "title": "Burglars strike at former minister\u2019s rented home in Gomtinagar", "text": "LUCKNOW: Burglars struck at the house of Nand Gopal Gupta 'Nandi', the former minister in the Mayawati government, and decamped with cash and jewellery worth lakhs of rupees on the intervening night of Friday and Saturday in Gomtinagar's Vibhuti Khand. Since Nandis generally reside in Allahabad, the burglary was first detected by a data operator employed at the Vibhuti Khand residence of the former minister.According to the data operator Abdul Shakoor, a resident of Daliganj, he had been working with the former minister as the data operator for the past four years. He comes to his house at 10.00 am and leaves by 6.00 pm after locking the house. On Saturday, when he entered the main gate of the house after opening the locks, he spotted stains of betel leaf spitting on the wall of the house and a broken calliper.Shakoor then spotted that lock of the door and of the bedroom also broken. He went inside the bedroom to find the almirah had been ransacked and all garments and other things kept in the almirah were scattered outside. On seeing this, Shakoor called up the former minister, whose wife Abilasha Gupta is the mayor of Allahabad.The former minister told him that cash of around Rs 40 to Rs 50,000 was kept in the almirah along with some jewellery and some other belongings that has been stolen. The miscreants also took away an inverter and a battery from the house of Nandi, Shakoor informed the police.Talking to TOI, Vibhuti Khand police said that the former minister had not been residing in the house in Vibhuti Khand as he remains mostly in Allahabad. Nandis were living at this house in Vibhuti Khand on rent, the police said and added that looking at the circumstances, it looked that the burglars scaled the wall and entered inside the house by breaking open the locks of the door. The police said that the exact cost of the jewellery could not be ascertained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "hisar", "code": "15453883", "title": "Engineering student arrested for stabbing Haryana girl", "text": "HISAR: Chetan Sheoran, a first year BTech student at the Army Institute of Technology, Pune, who was arrested for stabbing a 19-year-old girl to death outside Hisar's Guru Jambheshwar University of Science and technology (GJUST) campus, was on Saturday remanded in judicial custody for 14 days.Police said 19-year-old Chetan showed no remorse after killing Varsha Yadav, who was his classmate in 2011 at a coaching centre for engineering entrance exams at Kota. According to the police, Varsha and Chetan were in a relationship and after getting admission in AIT, he left for Pune while the girl joined BPharma at GJUST.Vipin Kadian, SHO of Hisar city police station, said Chetan reached his home in Rohtak from Pune on Wednesday and left for Hisar to meet Varsha. He couldn't meet her on that day but they met on Thursday afternoon and had an argument over their affair. He stayed another day in Hisar and on Friday afternoon stabbed Varsha. Police said Varsha had been avoiding Chetan, son of an ex-serviceman from Rohtak, for the past two months following differences. \"He was arrested from the spot and the weapon was also recovered,'' Kadian said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15454990", "title": "Panda\u2019s expulsion may worsen Maoist infighting", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The CPI (Maoist) expelling its much-publicized Odisha face Sabyasachi Panda is likely to intensify the continuing internal conflict in the organization particularly between the Odia and Telugu cadres, each trying to expand their sphere of influence in the state, officials here said.The 43-year-old Panda headed the Odisha State Organising Committee (OSOC) with a large tract of the state under its control, while his rival organization, Andhra Odisha Border Special Zonal Committee (AOBSZC), mostly dominated by Telugus, is confined to Malkangiri and some parts of nearby southern districts of Koraput and Rayagada. Panda, who rose to become an important functionary in the Maoist body, apparently fell out with the leadership after he raised objection to the domination of Telugus treating the Odia cadres like 'collies' and alleged sexual abuse of women.His stand strongly disapproving the August 2008 murder of Hindu seer Swami Laxmanananda Saraswati and other killings were also not to the liking of the CPI (Maoist) top brass, who saw in him a threat to armed revolution. Though Panda has not publicly-announced his split with the CPI (Maoist), he nevertheless for sometime has stopped identifying himself as a functionary of the party and dropped hints of floating a new outfit named Odisha Maoist Party (OMP).Panda, who according to the July 16 press release issued by the CPI (Maoist) Central Committee, 'always stayed in touch with the media' and 'tried to create a divide between comrades', had in his latest audio tape issued on Friday, condemned the 'killing of innocent people' in the name of revolution. \"It is not our aim to kill innocent people to shut the voice of dissent,\" the audio tape sent by one Pradip, secretary of his Vansadhara division, said.The development in the Maoist party apparently has come in handy for the state police, which feel the changed situation could help the administration in intensifying the anti-Maoist operation. Officials in the home and police departments are tightlipped to disclose much about their future strategy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15461523", "title": "District magistrates in UP to ensure free distribution of workbooks", "text": "LUCKNOW: Under Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA), the district magistrates (DMs) have been asked to ensure free distribution of workbooks among children from class I to V in government-run primary schools. For this, a sum of Rs 57 lakh has also been released. The work has been given to the DMs as they are the chairman of Zila Shiksha Pariypjna Samiti.The DMs have been asked to issue purchase order against the budget allotted to their districts. Out of the total money released Lucknow is to get Rs 76,213, Hardoi - Rs 1,73,454, Rae Barelli - Rs 71,607 and Sitapur - Rs 1,76,232. The free distribution work is being done under the 'Learning Enhancement Programme' and extends to all 75 districts in the state.The order issued by SSA states that only genuine children already enrolled with the schools should be given the workbooks. If non-enrolled children are given workbooks, BSAs and Khand Shiksha Aadhikaris (KSAs) will have to face the music''...reads the order. Further, it is mentioned that the BSAs should also ensure that the children after receiving workbooks should regularly attend schools. The schools will get workbooks on the basis of the number of children as per last year data.As per the order, if more books are required, the same can be procured from the authority concerned. Undistributed workbooks should be returned to the BSAs. SSA officials have also asked BSAs to carry out spot visits of at least 10% of the schools to cross check if the distribution work was being carried out in right earnest.DMs have also been instructed to get consumption certificates from the BSAs and forward the same to the additional state project director SSA latest by August 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15453530", "title": "Minister warns against laxity in works for Kumbh Mela", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Any laxity in construction work for the forthcoming Kumbh Mela would not be tolerated at any cost and strict action including lodging of FIR would be initiated against the officer concerned, said state PWD minister Shivpal Singh Yadav while presiding over a review meeting of officials here on Saturday.Stating that the Kumbh Mela should match the grandeur and magnificience of Ardh Kumbh Mela of 2007 held under the previous Samajwadi Party(SP) regime, Shivpal said there would not be any shortage of water in the holy Ganga during Kumbh Mela.This is because the state government has already made arrangements for releasing 820 cusecs of water from Tehri dam.He said that work would be personally reviewed by him every 15 days and civic authorities should make arrangements for disposal of garbage which should not be strewn on city roads.Moreover if the officers and contractors fail to complete work within the stipulated deadline strict action would follow, the minister warned.Convenor and Allahabad MP, Reoti Raman Singh said that work on Raen Basera which had been stalled should be started immediately on Yamuna Bank road.Besides a pucca ghat should be constructed between Gaughat and Saraswati ghat which in turn would be used as a picnic spot by city folks after the conclusion of Kumbh Mela.Other than this it was also suggested during the meeting that Arail ghat on the river Yamuna should be broadened and tubewells should be installed at higher spots in order to save the expense of frequent re-boring.Those present at the meeting included commissioner, Devesh Chaturvedi, Mela Adhikari, Secretary PWD, IG Zone, SP MLA's including Gama Pandey, Sangram Yadav, Mahesh Narayan Singh, district president Pandhari Yadav, Vinay Kushwaha and city president Noor Alam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15461005", "title": "Children brave rains to save the earth", "text": "MANGALORE: Braving the incessant rains, children came out in large numbers to participate in the walkathon organized as part of \"Save Earth Day'' from Kadri Park to Mangala Stadium on Sunday. Hundreds of students, both high school and college, NSS Volunteers, parents and general public flooded the route as the Walkathon marched ahead with slogans of pledging to make our efforts towards protecting the environment and saving the earth for the future. The Walkathon was organized by the Trinity Guild Hall London, Mangalore branch.The event was flagged off amidst pouring rains by N Vinay Hegde, President, Nitte Education Trust. Students from different schools sporting their uniforms, the colourful umbrellas and the spirited slogans surcharged the atmosphere with an echo of commitment of the youth towards protecting our environment.The Walkathon traversed through the main road of the city from the Bal Bhavn near Kadri Park through Circuit House, Bejai, KSRTC Bus Stand, Lalbagh and culminating at the Mangala Stadium at Mannagudda-Ladyhill.Rendering a spirited pep talk to the students gathered at the culminating point at Mangala Stadium, Prof. P L Dharma, Chairman, Department of Political Science, Mangalore University exhorted the youngsters to commit themselves as responsible individuals in view of seeing a better tomorrow. Small little habits will make a huge difference, he remarked pointing at the use and misuse of plastics, our value systems and the way we treat our surroundings.The people who participated in the walkathon included a child of one year to elderly Mangaloreans who raised the spirit of the youngsters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15461102", "title": "Rain abates, misery continues in Mangalore", "text": "MANGALORE: Heavy rains in Dakshina Kannada and Udupi districts had abated on Sunday and people who had braved the continuous downpour from the past four days heaved a sigh of relief.The torrential rains places like Uppoor, Heroor, Kavadi, Pandeshwara, Kota, Giliyaru, Bannadi, Thenkabettu had left many houses isolated on Saturday and the situation was a bit better on Sunday. With rivers in the Udupi district overflowing fields and plantations were submerged in knee deep water.As many as 32 residents on Saturday night were shifted to safer places in Panja, Ulya and Kilenjoor  when rain waters isolated their houses. Moodabidri MLA Abhayachndra Jain who visited the spot on Saturday and Sunday, told TOI: The Nandini River, whose width is 300 mts has swollen to beyond 3,000 mts. 'Its difficult to gauge where the river is and where the fields are. Its is a dangerous situation. Today the water level has gone down by about two ft, but still residents fear to come to their houses. While some have been put up in school and gruel centres, others have gone to their relatives houses,'' he said.Bajpe airport received highest rainfall in the district with 104.7 mm and Uppinagady in Belthangady taluk received the least of 59.2 mm. The rest of the taluks is as follows: Mangalore (93), Bantwal (75.1), Belthangady (59.2), Puttur (80) and Sullia received 65.4 mm. The water level in Kumaradhara in Sullia taluk and Nethravathi River in Bantwal taluk were below the danger levels. The water level of Nethravathi River at Bantwal taluk was 6 mts, 2.5 mts below the danger level.In Udupi District, Kundapur taluk received the highest rainfall at 121.6 mm followed by Udupi at 93.4mm and Karkala (87.6 mm).Udupi District office said, Babanna Poojari suffered a loss of Rs 2,000 when the cattle shed collapsed due to heavy rains in Kota.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15455039", "title": "Woman loses Rs 15 crore after theft of 79 cheques", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In what seems to be one of the biggest forgeries that city has witnessed, a woman has accused a man of stealing 79 cheques and withdrawing Rs 15 crore from her account. On Saturday, cops at Sector 11 police station got this complaint from Gurveen Peerjada of Sector 15, who accused Jitender Singh Dua of Sector 27 of forgery. The investigation has been transferred to economic offence wing (EOW).Peerjada, who owns a construction firm, filed a complaint before the high-ups at police headquarters, Sector 9, and legal scrutiny of the complaint confirmed the criminal charges. The case was registered under charges of theft, cheating and forgery.DSP (EOW) Kamaldeep Singh was not available, but sources said probe has been handed over to an inspector rank official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15459615", "title": "Fashion for a green world", "text": "They are freeing traditional craftsmen from unemployment and reviving traditional textiles.Kasmin Fernandes meets four young Indian designers who are weaving a greener tomorrow, one thread at a time. Two different threads are converging in fashion \u2014 a longing for lasting value, and a desire to know more about the way fabrics are sourced and clothes are made. There's a change brewing in the fashion world, where the fate of the planet is becoming a bigger issue than the latest celebrity scandal. At a time when money is not easy to come by, 'sustainability' is the new buzzword because of its costeffectiveness. For the forward-looking in the industry, ethics is the new elegance, and doing things right is more important than doing things fast. Is all this just a fad, to be forgotten when the next big idea comes along? Research suggests otherwise, given the current intellectual wave and the concern over climate change. These Indians are paving the way in sustainable clothing. Samant Chauhan This 32-year-old is a man of many missions. He has contributed to the revival of the Bhagalpur handloom industry in Bihar and he wants to make ahimsa or non-violent silk a way of life. \"Bhagalpur silk is one of the few silks in which the silkworm is not killed. It is wild silk in which the cocoon is kept for 10 to 15 days till the worms start breaking out. The silk is then hand-spun. The process is completely cruelty-free and eco-friendly without the use of any dyes,\" he explains. Chauhan has incorporated elements in his designs that use the residue of the hand weaving process. He works closely with NGOs that are directly associated with the welfare of the weavers. Samant was first recognised globally in October 2009 when he showcased his SS 2009 womenswear eco line at Ethical Fashion in Paris. These days, he is busy developing sarees that blend the Bhagalpur yarn with Chanderi's local textile. In Varanasi, he is trying to revive the age-old tradition of producing real zari. He has also developed a line of handloom denim in association with DCI (Denim Club India) for the Bijnor cluster under the cluster development programme of the Ministry of Textiles. Paromita Banerjee \"Our brand ideology stems from a very local approach to global aesthetics that is rooted in the handloom sector of India. We are inspired by those who may perhaps own only a few pieces of clothing like the rabari women (semi-nomadic tribe in Kutch), or the rickshaw pullers and bartanwaalis!\" says Paromita Banerjee from Kolkata, about her eponymous label. The brand works closely with artisan and craft clusters around India (West Bengal, Orissa, Andhra, Madhya Pradesh), narrating the saga of the craftpersons to recreate drapes and outfits that define the aesthetic beauty of textiles and emphasise feel of the handmade. \"Fabrics like khadi, matka, tassar, Tangail, fine muslins, ikats form the backbone of our collections,\" says 29-year-old Banerjee who was the sole designer to represent India at the Shanghai chapter of the World Fashion Organization, under the United Nations at a summit and fashion show to promote \"Fashion for development and peace\" in October 2010. Deepika Govind \"My design philosophy is 'Fashion for the EARTH' (E=Elements, A=Art, R=Revolution, T=Technology, and H=Human hand). Propelled by a deep respect for the Earth, I use fashion as a medium to voice my concerns for the environment,\" says Bengalurubased Govind. While she believes in creating and promoting eco fibres, she is equally committed to reinventing Indian hand-woven textiles. A kaleidoscope of textile art projects have enriched her design voyage; like blending traditional khadi, cotton and silk with man-made cellulosic eco-fibres tencel and modal; the use of natural and organic dyes, or even azo-free ones (that won't turn into cancer-causing chemicals ) where ve r possible. Her latest ventures are D e n i m Green, an organic denim collection and stoles and sarees made from cruelty-free 'peace' silk called Eri. How to green your closet Shop for fabrics that are produced with less resource abuse, energy and toxins.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15455493", "title": "Wadala watchman wanted to rape, not murder, Pallavi Purkayastha", "text": "Law graduate Pallavi Purkayastha's alleged killer, 22-year-old security guard Sajjad Ahmed Mughal, told the police that he did not want to murder her when he entered her Wadala flat early on Thursday. His intention was to rape the 25-year-old woman.Mughal, who has been charged with Indian Penal Code sections pertaining to murder and outraging the modesty of a woman, was produced before the Esplanade court on Saturday morning. He was remanded in police custody till August 17.Providing details of what happened in Pallavi's flat , Mughal said after he sneaked into the apartment using stolen keys , he pounced on her while she was asleep. In retaliation, she pushed him so hard that he fell from the bed. He then whipped out a kitchen knife. \"I thought she would get scared and give in. I again forced myself on her after which she started hitting me with whatever she could lay her hands on. She then ran towards the bedroom window and started screaming for help. I immediately caught hold of her hair , pulled her inside and slashed her throat,'' Mughal told the police during the preliminary interrogation.The watchman said he then cleaned his hands, which were soaked in blood, in the washbasin. There was blood on the walls and bed as well. Realizing that he had killed Pallavi, he ran down the stairs and hid the knife under a shoe rack on the third floor before going to his cabin. Mughal then changed his clothes and fled.Asked what he had planned to do after raping her, Mughal said he had not thought of it. \"He said that for the past two months, he kept an eye on Pallavi whenever she went for her morning walk or leave for work,\" said an officer. Mughal also said he did not plan the murder and bought the knife a fortnight ago to cut fruits.The police on Saturday grilled the owner of Ahmed Hamid Enterprise, the security agency that had employed Mughal. They also found out during the probe that he gave a wrong address (Lal Chowk, Srinagar ) as he was a resident of Baramulla in Jammu &amp; Kashmir. The cops were likely to take action against AHE, said sources. Crime branch officials said the FSL would on Monday collect Mughal's blood samples for DNA tests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "15453566", "title": "Yashwant Sinha lays stone for trauma centre in Hazaribag", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Former Union minister Yashwant Sinha laid the foundation of the trauma centre at the Sadar hospital here on Saturday. He also handed over Rs 1.5 crore funds for this project to deputy commissioner Manish Ranjan.Civil surgeon Dr Binay Kumar said the project included construction of the building and installation of necessary equipment. He said the single storey building would have all modern equipment. \"With the completion of the trauma centre, a large number of accident patients will be admitted here for immediate attention,\" he said adding many accident victims often died on their way to the Rajendra Institute Medical Sciences Ranchi.Ranjan said the other trauma centre in Hazaribag district would soon be set up in Barhi soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15462115", "title": "Buddha circuit in Gulbarga - new attraction for visitors", "text": "BANGALORE: Lord Buddha - smiling and sleeping -- is an added attraction in the Hyderabad-Karnatak region, the treasure of Islamic monuments.The Buddha Vihara in Gulbarga became an instant hit after it was inaugurated in 2009. Shortly, the 'Sleeping Buddha' in the adjoining district will draw crowds. The hills surrounding the Shahpur town in Yadgir district hold the curiosity. The visitors can hardly miss the view on a hill, which looks like 'Sleeping Buddha.' Realizing the importance of the place, the government is developing the area as a tourist attraction at Rs 4.38 crore. The Buddha hill will have a walkway, watch tower, parking facilities, open air theatre, meditation center, barbed wire fencing, direction markers and roadside facilities. The union ministry of tourism has already approved the and the state government has already released Rs 40 lakh to the Yadgir deputy commissioner.The government is developing four acres 25 guntas of land for the purpose. The process of land acquisition has already begun and Rs seven lakh has been released for the purpose.In Karnataka, 767 monuments have been declared as 'Protected Monuments.' The number of protected monuments in the Hyderabad-Karnatak region is 196. Of this, Gulbarga has 32 and Yadgir 55. Mosques, tombs, Dargahs, pre-historic stone circles, cairns and avenues are the most common monuments in Gulbarga and Yadgir.The department of Kannada and culture is developing 14 monuments in the twin districts at Rs 813.35 lakh. The four-year project, which has begun in 2011-12, will be completed in 2014-15. From the tourism department, to develop the religious and historical places in Gulbarga district, Rs 17.74 crore is being spent and Rs 9.4 crore in the Yadgir district.Besides being a tourist attraction, the Buddha Vihara, which is adjoining the Gulbarga University, has now become a meditation centre. The Vihara, which is built in 70 acres of land was inaugurated by former President Prathibha Patil and Tibetan spiritual Guru, the Dalai Lama in 2009, draws huge crowd, especially during the Full Moon Day and special occasions like Buddha Purnima. Brahmanand, a visitor, said: I visit often for meditation. I never miss to be here during the Full Moon day.'' Buddha Vihara has two floors -- ground floor has six-foot tall black stone statue of Buddha and the first floor hosts a six-foot tall statue of smiling Buddha.Besides these two places, the authorities have unearthed several scripts and Stupas in Gulbarga district. Stupas have been found in Sannathi and Knaganahalli.Priyank Kharge, whose father Mallikarjun Kharge , union labour minister, is responsible for the establishment of Buddha Vihara, admitted that the increasing fascination for Buddhism. But, Of late, it has become a fashion status for many, including those from the Hollywood. This shouldn't be done. Budddhism teaches only basic human values,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15455370", "title": "Vayalar Ravi on peace mission to state today", "text": "HYDERABAD: With intra-party rivalry intensifying in the Congress, especially after the KG Basin gas diversion issue, Union minister Vayalar Ravi is slated to arrive in Hyderabad on Sunday to help iron out the differences. Ravi visited the state last time before the by-elections to convince the various warring factions in the party to work together for a better show.However, despite all his efforts, the Congress managed to win only two assembly seats and was given a drubbing in the Nellore Lok Sabha poll. Now, the factional fights have in fact increased rather than die down. In the past one month, one cabinet minister was arrested while two cabinet ministers from the city, Danam Nagender and M Mukesh Goud, have become proactive in opposing CM N Kiran Kumar Reddy on various issues including the withdrawal of VAT on textiles, and the proposed cap on fee reimbursement for BC students.Meanwhile, the differences between the CM and PCC president Botsa Satyanarayana are well known. It is under these circumstances that Ravi is slated to arrive in the city on Sunday. The AICC functionary was visiting the state at the behest of party president Sonia Gandhi, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15455113", "title": "Place no bar: She is there at all protests organized by either Baba Ramdev or Team Anna", "text": "NEW DELHI: Always clad in a khadi kurta and white salwar and dupatta , she has been catching everybody's eye at the agitations organized by either Baba Ramdev or Team Anna. No one can match her energy in dancing or raising slogans while waving the Tricolour almost throughout the day; the ones who try soon get tired and sit down panting. She says it is the love for the country that is her driving force \u2014 she is 74-year-old Bedwati Arya from Surat.Be it Delhi's Ramlila Maidan or Mumbai's MMRDA Grounds, no distance is too much for her. \"I come from Surat every time there is an agitation and I use my savings to do so,\" said Arya, a retired schoolteacher and a mother of four. \"I always come and show my support and will keep coming till Anna and Baba continue their fight against what is wrong.\"Originally from Rohtak in Haryana, patriotism runs in her family. \"My father was a freedom fighter. Since childhood, I had grown up seeing him fight for the nation,\" she said. \"I have not been born in times when I can do similar things. I think I do my bit by showing support for those who work for the nation.\"Although she is upset with the government's response to both Anna Hazare and Ramdev, Arya is still hopeful. \"The government will always try to brush things under the carpet or remain silent. But it is because of Anna that the Jan Lokpal Bill made it to Parliament. I am sure it will be passed,\" she said. However, she strongly feels that the only way to \"tackle such a government is to ensure that it does not return to power\".Arya has three sons and a daughter. Her eldest son Devinder is a Customs inspector, while Ravinder is in the army and Parambir, who used to be a kabbadi player, is now a property dealer. Daughter Sudakshina Brahman is a lecturer in Hissar.Dancing on patriotic songs is one of the many ways to express her passion for the country, said Arya. \"I was pregnant with my youngest son in 1971. But I remember I still sang and danced when the countrymen hailed the soldiers at the front (during the Bangladesh war),\" said a beaming Arya.(With inputs from Sonali Sharma)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "15453377", "title": "Farmers begin to dig up their farms as rains continue to play hide and seek", "text": "RAJKOT: Farmers in Saurashtra have lost all hopes of survival of crop this year because of the rains that have continued to be evasive. The situation has come to such a pass that the farmers have started to dig up their farms to remove the seeds that they had sown two months ago expecting a normal monsoon.Nana Vadala village in Padadari taluka of Rajkot reflects the plight of the farmers in the region, who have dug up their onion and tomato fields. \"We don't know what is in store for us. The biggest challenge now is survival of our cattle. The situation is same in most of the villages of our taluka,\" said sarpanch Mansukh Pambhar.The state government has drawn up a plan to undertake fodder cultivation on a large scale and also plans to encourage individual farmers to do so. A scheme is underway for distribution of one lakh fodder kits in the parched areas. Villagers say that they are under financial stress as the seeds sown by them and the fertilizers put in the fields have not yielded anything. They are awaiting government intervention to save them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15455033", "title": "Micro mobile towers for residential areas", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The administration has come up with a plan to solve the case of removing mobile towers from residential areas of the city. The plan includes allowing micro mobile towers to be installed at residential areas of the city. The move has come following the Supreme Court's decision to stay the orders of Punjab and Haryana high court, where the court had ordered to remove 180 mobile towers situated at the residential areas of the city.Interestingly, draft policy of UT on mobile phone towers which was prepared in 2004, makes it clear that no such tower would be allowed in residential areas. Such towers would be allowed on commercial buildings which had completion certificates and sanctioned building plans. The policy could not be notified since the court had stayed it.Finance secretary V K Singh said, \"We are working on a solution and it seems that installation of micro mobile towers can work out well. The modalities still need to be worked out.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15453400", "title": "Oommen Chandy to open dialysis centre today", "text": "KOCHI: Chief minister Oommen Chandy will inaugurate the dialysis centre at Ernakulam General Hospital on Sunday.District collector P I Sheik Pareeth said the dialysis centre would offer free services to deserving patients and others will be charged Rs 100 for a session. Eligible patients will be selected by a committee chaired by collector. There will be 12 units in the centre and television sets would be attached to each bed.Initially the centre would be functioning in one shift only, but there would be three shifts once the centre becomes full-fledged. Nephrologists have offered free service for the centre, said Junaid Rahman, DMO, Ernakulam.On October 2, an MRI scan centre built at a cost of Rs 4.5 crore would be opened at the hospital. The services of the MRI centre will be made available to the public at nominal charges. On Sunday, public works minister V K Ebrahim Kunju will hand over the building, constructed by Shihab Thangal Relief Cell, to the hospital authorities. Excise and ports minister K Babu will deliver the keynote address.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "kolkata/kharagpur", "code": "15454375", "title": "Union locks up railway engineers for 13 hours", "text": "KOLKATA/KHARAGPUR: Militant trade unionism triggered an all-night showdown at Kharagpur station as a group of railways employees locked up three mechanical engineers inside the diesel locomotive shed for over 13 hours till about 4.30am on Saturday.The South Eastern Railway (SER) employees were protesting against the transfer of three of their colleagues. They claimed it was a punishment transfer for protesting against the high-handedness of a senior divisional mechanical engineer. However, SER officials in Kolkata said that transferred employees had manhandled an officer in charge of the diesel shed on July 17.According to sources, trouble was brewing at the diesel loco shed ever since Rajnish Singh took over as SrDME (diesel) and took steps to regularize attendance. He installed a card punching machine to record the entry and exit time of employees.On July 17, a large number of employees, led by Sukanta Mullick, secretary, SER Men's Union (SERMU), stormed into Singh's chamber and demanded that the rules be changed. They claimed that the card punching machine was faulty.A scuffle ensued. The employees claimed that Mullick was pushed by Singh and hurt his head. Singh denied this. He claimed that the SERMU members started throwing nuts and bolts at him even as he was speaking to Mullick. While the officer was wearing a hard hat which protected his head, one of the missiles injured Mullick.\"The SrDME was rescued by police. He was asked to go on leave for a few days. When he returned in August, some employees stopped him from entering his office. \"An independent inquiry found Mullick, Shyamal Sarkar and Ashis Mal guilty of manhandling Singh and the trio was transferred,\" an SER official in Kolkata said.Soon after the transfer orders were served on Friday afternoon, the employees started agitating. Singh wasn't present at the loco shed then but nearly 70 employees locked up assistant mechanical engineers G S Manna, A K Tripathy and Paritosh Paul from around 3.30pm.\"Our job is not transferable and the orders are illegal. We demand that Singh be transferred. It was he who assaulted me. How can the railways take action against us? We didn't gherao the officers. We only held a demonstration when they were in the shed. On Tuesday, we shall meet the SER general manager on this issue,\" Mullick said.The South Eastern Railway Officers' Association (SEROA) and the South Eastern Railway Promotee Officers' Association (SERPOA) have condemned the incident and demanded further punishment for the employees who confined the three engineers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15461696", "title": "Kerala to promote eco-tourism in Arippa forests", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Kerala government plans to introduce more facilities for tourists at the scenic Arippa forests in the Western Ghats where travellers get a glimpse of wildlife and a unique ecosystem.A Rs 42 lakh development programme had been chalked out for the tourist destination along the Senkottah highway for the benefit of travellers, a Kerala Forests Development Corporation (KFDC) release here said.The development plan aims at providing better accommodation facilities at the spot, which would also be useful for travellers to nearby Thenmala and Mankayam waterfalls.The existing guest house of the corporation at Arippa would be renovated by constructing more rooms. Night camping tents would also be set up, the release stated.Members of the local Kani tribe would be selected as guides to help tourists explore the woods in specific locations. Besides Arippa, KFDC hoped to attract more tourists to Thenmala and Mankayam with the introduction of new facilities, which would be launched by this year-end, the release said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15458628", "title": "Free check up for kidney stones", "text": "Mumbai: Those suffering from problems of kidney stones or urology now have a reason to cheer. Residents of Andheri and Khar can get free consultation and investigation of problems like kidney stone, enlarged prostrate, gall bladder stone, appendicitis.RG Stone urology and laparoscopy Hospital has organized a free health checkup camp at Andheri and Khar branch on August 11 and 12. More than 300 people are likely to benefit from this camp.Dr Bhimsen Bansal, chairman of the hospital said, \"A kidney stone is a hard, crystalline mineral material formed within the kidney or urinary tract. Kidney stones are a common cause of blood in the urine (hematuria) and often severe pain in the abdomen, flank, or groin. Kidney stones are sometimes called renal calculi. Anyone may develop a kidney stone, but people with certain diseases and conditions or those who are taking certain medications are more susceptible to their development. Urinary tract stones are more common in men than in women.\"People have myth that intake of beer help them in treating kidney Stones, but the reason behind it is that when you take beer or any alcohol you have a urge to urinate more than normal i.e. it increases the volume of urine and if the stone size vary from 4mm to 8mm than it get flushed. But according to a survey, it is found that long term use of beer in excessive quantities is capable of increasing the chances of kidney Stones i.e. it increases oxalate and urate content in the urine which promotes kidney Stones formation.\"Every day we deal with patients suffering from chronic Kidney Stones and maximum of them intake large quantity of beer because they think that it can treat their stone,\" said Dr Bansal.According to Dr Hiren Sodha, chief urologist, RG Stone Hospital, drinking enough water to make 2 to 2.5 litres of urine daily is quiet helpful for treating kidney stones. \"Besides, one must take a diet low in protein, nitrogen and sodium intake. More use of orange juice, lemon water, horse gram, pineapple is beneficial for such patients. Intake of a glass of lemon water per day helps in keeping you away fromkKidney stones. Lemon is a rich source of vitamin C and increases the level of citrate in urine, which prevent stone formation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "15460169", "title": "Punjab minister condemns UPA for showing indifference towards US Gurdwara tragedy", "text": "Amritsar: Punjab Revenue and Public Relations and Information Minister Bikram Singh Majithia lashed out at Congress-led UPA government for its alleged indifference attitude towards the Oak Creek Gurdwara tragedy in United States . While talking to media persons on Sunday Majithia said \" Centre must learn from US government which flew its national flag at half mast to pay homage to the Sikhs who were killed in Gurdwara shoot out tragedy and Centre could not even expressed its sympathy properly\"The whole world was shocked and so was the community said he adding There had been visible gestures all around in US. The people in general attended the prayers meeting and even held prayers for the departed souls\". He questioned as to what UPA government in Centre had done to express its solidarity with the community'' He said the union government must learn from such acts of kindness adopted by any government in the world when the innocents were killed. He also felt the need to initiate a major campaign at the global level to spread awareness about the identity of the Sikhs as they were often mistaken as Muslims and become victims of the hate crime. But what pains me the most is the indifferent attitude of the Congress-led UPA which despite the world showing the solidarity has nothing to offer to the Sikh community in the hour of crisis'', said he.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "chikmagalur", "code": "15455683", "title": "Tribal man\u2019s 7-year-long power fight finally ends", "text": "CHIKMAGALUR: He fought alone for seven years to get his home electrified.For this, he frequented all the offices concerned, met officers, local leaders and pleaded before them with folded hands. But his pleas fell on deaf ears, until the district in-charge minister and district superintendent of police heard of it and came to his aid.This is the story of Janardhana Gowdlu, a tribal living in Kallukudige village, a Naxal-infested area, on the foothills of Kudremukh in Sringeri taluk. Gowdlu applied for an electricity connection with Mescom for his small house. The electricity poles were not too far, and fed power to the houses of the rich and upper community. But, Gowdlu says the people of the upper community thwarted any move of the Mescom officials and pressured them against fixing an electricity pole to draw power supply to his house.Gowdlu then frequented Mescom and gave a representation to the taluk panchayat. He met local leaders and asked them to convince the people of the upper caste to let Mescom do its job. The zilla panchayat member, who represented this area, raised the issue at the ZP meeting, but there were no listeners and Gowdlu's family continued to live in darkness, their house lit with just kerosene lamps.But help finally came when his plea fell on the ears of food and civil supplies minister D N Jeevaraj, who also represents the Sringeri constituency. He directed the officers to solve Gowdlu's problem and district SP Shashikumar came to his rescue. He warned people from the upper castes and Gowdlu's house was finally well-lit under the light of an electric bulb.Gowdlu, whose unceasing efforts for seven long years finally helped his house see electricity, said it felt like he had won a battle when his daughter flicked the switch on and there was light.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15455093", "title": "PGI mulls bifurcating academics, research", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In the past 50 years, the PGI has published 15,000 papers. However, unsatisfied with this number, the institute is deliberating on starting two separate cadres -- non-academicians and academicians. This implies that those who are into patient-care will be completely into that area and those doctors working in research and teaching will not try their hands in patient care. \"However, these are deliberations at the moment as these things are too complex. We talk about these things to generate feedback and let everyone debate on the issue,\" said Dr Amod Gupta, dean PGI.The PGI celebrated the golden jubilee research day on Saturday. The day was marked by presentation of research work from all departments of the institute in the form of research posters. The day was inaugurated by, Union minister of state for science and technology Dr Ashwani Kumar. In his inaugural address, he emphasized on the need to innovate in medical research and clinical care and promised that the various arms of the department of science and technology will extend full support for developing innovative approaches in the PGI. \"We need to work on innovation and raise our benchmark. We need to work on medical diagnostics where we are lagging behind,\" said the minister.There was an open house discussion on the issue of how to draw clinicians into the field of research. It was emphasized that only a small proportion of clinicians would be interested in pursuing research as a career and the administration should be able to identify and give them opportunities appropriate to meet with their aspirations. The director and the dean of PGI announced that the institute has decided to earmark funds for promoting research in the institution and is actively considering the possibility of developing a separate stream of researchers, giving joint appointments and hiring adjunct faculty. These are awaiting approvals of the relevant statutory bodies. A special committee has been set up to examine the issue of starting MD-PhD course in the institute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15454788", "title": "\u2018Saving Lives\u2019, a road plan, to kick off in Sept", "text": "NEW DELHI: 'Saving Lives', the country's first pilot project to provide immediate healthcare to road accident victims and to rush them to the nearest hospital, will be launched in Punjab next month. The road transport and highways ministry has set a target of reducing fatalities by one-fourth on the Amritsar-Pathankot NH in the first year of the project.This 110-km highway stretch recorded around 400 accidents last year in which close to 300 people died, a senior Punjab government official said. \"This is a two-lane road and the traffic flow is high. Majority of buses and mini-buses carry pilgrims. Drivers' fatigue and speeding are some of the reasons for the high fatality rate. The measures proposed under the 'Saving Lives' project will reduce accidents and fatalities,\" Kamaljeet Soi, project coordinator from Punjab, said.The pilot project, to be funded by the highways ministry, will cost about Rs 20 crore. All accident victims will get free treatment up to Rs 30,000 for the first 48 hours.The Centre will provide six life saving ambulances and an equal number of basic ambulances. Half a dozen hydraulic cutters and six recovery vans will also be deployed on this stretch. \"All the black spots will be rectified and there will be telephone booths to make SOS calls in case of an accident. The aim is to reduce the response time to 10 minutes so that all accident victims reach hospitals during the golden hour,\" a highways ministry official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "15455303", "title": "Parra villagers suspect football ground scam", "text": "CALANGUTE: The gram sabha of the village panchayat of Parra which met recently adopted a resolution to conduct an inquiry into the funds spent on the development of the football ground behind the Parra church.Calangute MLA Michael Lobo, who resides in Parra, and who was present for the gram sabha, alleged that the money amounting to 8.5 lakh was spent injudiciously, and added that it was a scam.Former sarpanch Benedict D'Souza, during whose tenure the ground was developed and who was also present for the gram sabha, said that the ground, which belongs to the Parra-Verla-Canca Association club, was developed with funds from the directorate of sports received as grant-in-aid, and the funds were given as per the valuation report by the PWD. Lobo assured the gram sabha that he would pursue the development of the football ground and construct toilets and changing rooms which are a strongly felt necessity. D'Souza said the panchayat should take the PVCA Club and also the Parra church into confidence to develop the ground further since it does not belong to the panchayat. Sarpanch Delilah Lobo urged all members to stop playing politics so that the sports-loving youngsters of the village get better facilities at the ground.The gram sabha also adopted a resolution urging all ward members to take details of all persons staying in rented accommodations in their respective wards to ensure that criminal elements do not take refuge in the village. The village panchayat will maintain a record of all such persons staying in rented houses. Another resolution was taken to maintain a record of all Nigerians staying in the village and the details will be given to the police since a number of Nigerians have been recently arrested in neighbouring Calangute for staying illegally in the country and also for drug peddling.Another resolution requested the MLA to repair the tin-roof of the crematorium at Bokache Arradi, which the MLA assured to do. Lobo said the panchayat's functioning was hampered by the lack of funds.\"Compared to some of the other panchayats, we are a poor panchayat. Now the state government wants to stop house tax collection by panchayats which is a major source of our funds. If that is stopped, then we will be entirely dependent on funds from the government,\" she said, when villagers asked her to repair the broken street lights.Members also asked that the old experts committee which included environmentalist Claude Alvares and architect Dean D'Cruz be reappointed to finalize the draft Regional Plan 2021 when it comes back to the panchayat for re-drafting.Members asked that the whole process be done in a transparent manner. Lobo assured that TCP experts will also be asked to join the panel to see what is feasible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15455031", "title": "Retired bureaucrats fighting for KSHRC member's post", "text": "BANGALORE: Guess where the retired bureaucrats in the state are queuing up. At Karnataka State Human Rights Commission (KSHRC). As many as 14 retired bureaucrats and 7 advocates are fighting for the post of a member at KSHRC.At present, the Commission is headless as the term of chairperson SR Nayak and members has ended. The Commission has two members - one a retired judge of a district court and the other from the field of human rights.The selection panel comprising the chief minister, opposition leaders in the legislative assembly, home minister and presiding officers of both the houses are scheduled to meet on August 14 to choose the new body for the Commission. Interestingly, law and human rights minister S Suresh Kumar has been kept out of the panel.According to sources in the law secretariat, retired babus -- GM Dhananjaya, P Ganeshan, KG Gopalakrishne Gowda, SM Jamdaar, GV Kongawad, Meera Saxena, TY Nayaz Ahmed, CN Seetharam, D Venkateshwara Rao, Shankar Patil, MV Murthy, KV Ravindranath Tagore and GK Bore Gowda have applied for one of the member's post.For the other member's post, which is to be filled by a retired district judge, names of Anand R Deshpande, Basavaraja Shivappa Tadahal, HM Bharathesh, R Chandrashekarappa, KD Deshpande, CG Hunagund, KH Malleshappa, SH Mittalkod, SM Shivannagoudar and S Siddalingesh are being considered. Shettar, as rural development and panchayati raj(RDPR) minister had recommended to the government names of Hunagund and Tagore .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15458073", "title": "Jiiva's Mask audio to be released today", "text": "The audio release of Jiiva's forthcoming movie Mask would be held today in Hyderabad. The cast and crew would grace the audio of the film's Telugu version that would take place at Annapurna stuios 7 acres.The film, which is directed by Mysskin, will have Jiva in the role of superhero. The movie is about a man who cannot tolerate injustice and corruption and hence turns into a vigilante to fight against it for a better society.Mugamoodi (Mask) is tipped as South India's first superhero film and apparently Jiva had a tough time shooting for the film wearing a special suit which weighed more than 12 kgs.The film is produced by UTV Motion Pictures in Tamil and Mega Super Good Films in Telugu. Krishna Kumar has composed the music, while Pooja Hegde plays Jiiva's love interest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "15455912", "title": "Stick to your roots, says Arunachal Pradesh governor J J Singh", "text": "ITANAGAR: Arunachal Pradesh governor J J Singh exhorted the youths to embrace modernity without distorting their indigenous culture and traditions.\"Stick to your roots and never allow modernity to distort your indigenous culture,\" the governor said, while addressing the valedictory function of the 4th North East Cultural Festival at Naharlagun near here on Friday. The three-day cultural extravaganza was organized by All Arunachal Pradesh Students' Union (AAPSU) and North East Students' Organization (NESO). Advising the participating youths from the seven northeastern states, Singh highlighted the importance of one's culture and identity.The governor talked about the enormous scope for development of tourism, horticulture and agriculture in the region.He urged the people to protect the pristine environment of the region and preserve the flora and fauna. Conveying his appreciation to AAPSU and NESO for taking the initiative to organize the festival in the state, the governor termed the event as a platform to unite all the tribal population of the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15455625", "title": "Tension after idol desecration", "text": "NAGPUR: Devotees and local residents expressed their anger after the idol of a deity was found damaged at Doctor's Colony at Ajni railway quarters on Saturday morning. Dhantoli police had to intervene to bring the situation under control before the agitation could snowball.The incident came to fore after a resident had gone to the temple, which is more than seven decades old, at 9 am for conducting puja. He was left stunned after spotting the forearms and legs of the deity broken. The regular priest, Ramgovind Tripathi, was not present at the temple too. Sources in the local resident claimed that Tripathi had left for his native for an emergency in the family.Though the idol was left damaged, the donation box and other paraphernalia were found intact, much to the relief of the cops and local residents equally. Police tried to pacify the agitated residents who had started to demand for immediate arrest of the culprits. An offence has been registered at the Dhantoli police station for hurting the religious sentiments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15455707", "title": "Noted Gujarati poet no more", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Noted Gujarati poet, essayist, columnist, litterateur and editor Dr Suresh Dalal died in Mumbai on Friday evening, following a heart attack. He was 79. His last rites were performed on Saturday morning. He is survived by wife and two daughters.Born on December 11, 1932 in Thane, Dalal did a PhD in Gujarati literature and then served in various academic positions, including vice-chancellor at M S University; head of the Gujarati department at SNDT Women's University; and a 'National Lecturer' for the UGC. He had also been a member of the advisory board of Gujarati Sahitya Academy from 1983 to 1987. He was also the editor of the Gujarati poetry journal Kavita and literary quarterly Vivechana.Dalal won many prestigious awards for literature including Sahitya Akademy Award for Gujarati language for his poetry book Akhand Zalar Vage in 2005. He had been awarded with Gujarat Government Award 5 times.Chief minister Narendra Modi , paying tributes to the late poet on Twitter, said, \"The demise of legendary Gujarati writer Suresh Dalal is very unfortunate. Today, every single word of the Gujarati language is in tears.\"When Morari Bapu who is doing Ramkatha in Japan for global peace, learnt about the demise, he said this was a great personal loss and there was now a deep void in the world of Gujarati poetry and ghazal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15455970", "title": "Dacoits using sign language strike in Saket Naga", "text": "BHOPAL: The gang of dacoits, who use sign language to communicate, struck a residential colony in the state capital in the wee hours of Saturday and fled with an official gun belonging to a forest officer and a gold chain after injuring him. The accused, half a dozen in number, fled when the officer's family resisted them despite being injured. This is the second incident of dacoity in the city in a fortnight.The incident took place in the Saket Nagar located house of Sudhir Singh, 58, a range officer posted in the Samardha forest range. The complainant, Singh, sustained injuries in the incident and is hospitalized.Police said about half a dozen persons forced their way into the house of Singh after breaking a window grill around 3 am. The complainant's wife, Seema, woke up to sounds and found four persons standing around their bed. As soon as she raised an alarm to wake up her husband, the dacoits who were armed with rods and sticks attacked the couple. Without speaking anything, the accused were pointing towards the almirah and wanted the couple to open it for them. Singh resisted the dacoits but they attacked him. Hearing the commotion, the couple's two sons Anshul and Abhishek, who were asleep on the first floor of the house, got up and rushed to their parent's room. The family resisted and bravely fought the dacoits forcing them to flee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15448935", "title": "5 facts about new virus hacking bank accounts", "text": "A new computer virus, dubbed Gauss, has been discovered in the Middle East. Researchers say can it steal banking credentials and hijack login information for social networking sites, email and instant messaging accounts.Cyber security firm Kaspersky Lab said Gauss is the work of the same \"factory\" or \"factories\" that built the Stuxnet worm, which attacked Iran's nuclear program. Here are some key facts about Gauss, according to Kaspersky Lab.What is its purpose? Gauss is a surveillance tool. It steals credentials for hacking online banking systems, social networking sites and email accounts; it also gathers information about infected PCs, including web browsing history, system passwords and the contents of disk drives.Can it do anything else? There is a mysterious module, known as Godel, that copies malicious code onto USB drives when they are plugged into infected PCs. Godel's purpose is unknown because some of its code is compressed and scrambled using a sophisticated encryption method. It only activates when it infects a predetermined target. Researchers have not identified the target or figured out its mission. Kaspersky Lab senior researcher Roel Schouwenberg said he believes it may be a \"warhead\" designed to damage industrial control systems.How many victims are there? Kaspersky Lab has uncovered more than 2,500 computers infected with Gauss since late May. It estimates the total number of victims is in the tens of thousands. The largest number of infections were found were in Lebanon, followed by Israel and the Palestinian Territories.Is Gauss still a threat? Yes. Infected USB drives could still launch attacks. Servers that controlled infected machines were shut down in July, so it is unlikely that any more information will be stolen from the surveillance part of the operation.Why is it called Gauss? The virus is built using modules with internal names that appear to be inspired by famous mathematicians and philosophers, including Kurt Godel, Johann Carl Friedrich Gauss and Joseph-Louis Lagrange. Kaspersky named the entire operation after the Gauss component as it implements the data-stealing capabilities", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15454972", "title": "Brace yourself for traffic diversions ahead of Independence Day", "text": "NEW DELHI: Special arrangements have been made by traffic police to ensure smooth flow of traffic, and also to facilitate VIP movement, in and around Red Fort in the wake of Independence Day.A few stretches will be closed for general traffic from 5am to 9am and only labelled vehicles will be permitted on them. These stretches are S P Mukherjee Marg from H C Sen Marg to Yamuna Bazar Chowk, Lothian Road from GPO Delhi to Chatta Rail, Netaji Subhash Marg from Delhi Gate to Chatta Rail, Link Road from Esplanade Road to Netaji Subhash Marg, and New Darya Ganj Road from Ring Road to Netaji Subhash Marg.Vehicles without Independence Day parking label should avoid Tilak Marg, Mathura Road, BSZ Marg, Subhash Marg, ISBT bridge, and instead, take Aurobindo Marg - Safdarjang Road - Mother Teresa Crescent - Park Street - Mandir Marg - Panchkuian Road - Rani Jhansi Road to reach North Delhi areas and vice versa, police said.Joint CP Traffic, Satyendra Garg has requested public to avoid carrying any cameras, binoculars, handbags, briefcases, lunch boxes with them. Commuters are advised to take Delhi Metro for a hassle-free journey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15455129", "title": "Star law students want to return to school", "text": "It couldn't get better than this for this lad from Kerala. KV Krishnaprasad, 23, passed out from the prestigious National Law School of India University (NLSIU) with 13 medals. For the star of the graduating batch, who did his schooling at Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan in Irinjalakuda and secured rank 46 in the Common Law Admission Test ( CLAT), it's Oxford calling now.Your success mantra?Just hard work. I made it a point to read primary material and original texts of all cases and made case notes. For several subjects, I read the authoritative commentaries. I attempted to rely as less as possible on other people's class notes.Why law as a career option?I used to participate in public speaking, debates and elocution competitions in school. This experience helped me realize that I thoroughly enjoyed the process of argumentation. My interest in law developed around the time I was in tenth grade. My engagement with law in the past five years has largely been through mooting and legal writing. I also participated in six national and international moot court competitions. I have also published nine research articles.What next?This October, I'm joining the Bachelor of Civil Law programme at Oxford University . I am keen to pursue MPhil and DPhil programmes at Oxford. Ultimately, I wish to teach law.Why teaching?A profession that combines teaching and research is one of the best ways to intellectually engage with a subject that one is passionate about. Moreover, regular interactions with students in a classroom are bound to throw up several new ideas. This is an invaluable opportunity to reinvent one's knowledge. Both my parents are lecturers. This might also have subconsciously influenced my decision.Three things you dislike about the Indian Bar and Bench.There should be no restrictions on advertisements by lawyers, junior lawyers should get a minimum stipend and there should be centralized judicial services.The lawyer you admire the most and why?Arvind P Datar. I admire him for his dedication and hard work, his determination to learn as much about the law as possible, his willingness to learn from anybody despite having three decades of experience at the Bar and his positive attitude towards life.Advice for law aspirantsLegal skill is largely cultivated. The more you read law, the better you become at it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15455773", "title": "More rains expected soon", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Some cheer might rain from heavens on Sunday as weather officials have predicted moderate to heavy rains in north, east, central and south Gujarat.In times of extreme scarcity, any rainfall is good news as Gujarat state is battling with 68 per cent rain deficiency this season. The situation is critical in Saurashtra and Kutch where the rain deficit is 82 per cent. In Gujarat region which includes east, central, north and south Gujarat as per Indian Meteorology Department (IMD) demarcation has received 58 per cent deficient rains.\"Moderate to heavy rains is expected in Gujarat region on Saturday night and Sunday due to upper air cyclonic circulation. The rain is expected to become lesser on Monday,\" said senior meteorologist at IMD (Gujarat) Manorama Mohanty.Meanwhile, the state government has activated the administration to implement an advance and out of the box model of scarcity management as part of the relief operations. Officials have been asked to do away with old fashioned relief manuals and plan relief measures for scarcity areas considering the availability of Narmada waters.The state government will ask the centre to provide the stretch of land along both sides of railway tracks for cultivating fodder, he informed. CM Modi said that gaushalas, panjrapols and other animal welfare organizations in the state can be encouraged in growing fodder in such lands. Using waste water treatment management model for cultivating vegetables should also be encouraged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "15455858", "title": "Strict vigilance on Indo-Bangla border in Meghalaya", "text": "SHILLONG: Security forces in Meghalaya have been put on alert ahead of Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council's (HNLC) 25th \"raising day\" on August 14, even as the BSF has tightened vigil along the unfenced borders of the state with Bangladesh .The alert was sounded in the wake of intelligence inputs that a number of HNLC cadres were trying to sneak into Meghalaya from neighbouring Bangladesh.Last month, armed cadres of the Khasi outfit opened fire at a police station in the heart of the city. Two weeks later, they opened fire at a police patrol in Jaintia Hills district. On Sunday evening, about 100 posters belonging to the proscribed outfit were seized from a vehicle at Jowai, the headquarters of West Jaintia Hills district.\"We have received intelligence inputs that a few trained cadres of HNLC are camping in the state. That is why we have sounded an alert in all six Khasi Jaintia Hills districts,\" a senior police official said. He added that since the outfit is desperate to make its presence felt and garner mass support, police are not taking any chances.Shillong and all district headquarters are susceptible to attacks from cadres of the outfit, the official said. Police check points have been placed at vital and strategic locations in the city and the districts. Meghalaya Police have also sought cooperation from the BSF, which is guarding the 443 km-long International border.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15454143", "title": "Cops want CCTV cams in societies", "text": "MUMBAI: Additional commissioner of police (central region) Praveen Salunke on Saturday said the decision to seek verification certificates from domestic help, guards and drivers is aimed at identifying those who try to conceal their identity while applying for a job. \"Also, housing societies and other establishments have been asked to instal CCTV cameras,\" he said.Salunke said he has instructed officials of 20 police stations (from Byculla to Kurla) in his jurisdiction to visit housing societies as well as malls, corporate houses and security agencies to collect the background details of their guards and other employees. Other parts of the city, too, will witness a similar exercise.Additional commissioner (west) Vishwas Nangre-Patil said his region too would witness the drive. \"The zonal DCPs collected details of more than 1,000 security guards, domestic help and drivers from the western suburbs after an elderly woman was killed in Juhu last year. Some of these people change their names and hide their antecedents to land a job as they fear they may not land a job if they reveal their details,\" he said.Nangre-Patil reiterated that if any security agency was found violating the guidelines, the matter would be taken up with the joint commissioner of police (administration) for suitable action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "15453752", "title": "Hamlet in Belgaum a stamping ground for wrestlers", "text": "BELGAUM: While the entire country has its eyes fixed on London Olympics, hoping high that Indian wrestlers will romp home with a medal or two, a tiny hamlet in Belgaum district is quietly preparing grounds for holding high-voltage bouts beginning August 13.Wrestling is still a big attraction in the rural areas of Belgaum district. Wrestling competitions are organized as a tradition in most of the villages here, during special occasions like fairs and festivals. Shirgaon, a hamlet in Chikkodi taluk is following this tradition since the past 400 years.In the last couple of years, Shirgaon village has been taking big steps in popularizing this sport during Basaveshwar Jatra Mahotsav, by organizing state and national level competitions with a huge prize amount. This year, Jatra Mahothsav is going to be held during August 13-15 and to celebrate this occasion in a grand way, a national wrestling competition is being organized.Prize money an attractionWrestlers of global acclaim like Joginder Singh and Raju Tomar from New Delhi, Kamaljit Singh and Navaneet singh from Panjab, Rohit Patel from Madhya Pradesh, Amitkumar Dhankad, Manajit Singh and Manadeep Singh Dolu from Haryana will participate. The prize amount from first to sixth places is as follows -- Rs 5,55,501, Rs 3,50,001, Rs 3,00,001, Rs,1,00,000, Rs 1,00,001 and Rs 80,001.An interesting part here is, the first four awards are hosted by the local social worker Chandrakant Ghoolappa Pujari. Being an agriculturist, Chandrakant is also a wrestling enthusiast and has been encouraging this sport. Last year he had hosted the prize amount of Rs 2.50 lakh.What made Chandrakant take interest in organizing the contest is the boost given to the sport in the neighbouring Maharashtra. Speaking to the The Times of India, Chandrakant said wrestling contests held in Maharashtra are awe-inspiring.\"I have a dream to organize wrestling competitions as big as in Maharashtra, with a huge prize amount, bringing international champions. Because of the ongoing London Olympics, we are unable to bring some great wrestlers this year, but next year definitely we will\" he said.Balasab Udagatti, member of Jatra committee said all arrangements for the wrestlers have been made and the size of the wrestling ring has been doubled this year.Another member Appasaheb Farale informed that, the competition between contenders is not based of timing or points. They must finish the match.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "15457242", "title": "Ration shops to down shutters on August 13", "text": "THRISSUR: Ration shops across Thrissur district in Kerala will remain closed on Monday, August 13, said Sebastian Choondal, state secretary of the All-Kerala Retail Ration Dealers' Association.He alleged that the authorities are a big failure in delivering the ration items on time, which badly affect their business. \"The authorities fail in delivering the assured quota items to ration shops on time in one side and order raid hardheartedly on the other side. Also, they are supplying poor quality atta these days, which affect our goodwill. Fed up with authorities' carelessness and torture, we have decided to close down our ration shops on Monday as token strike,\" he said.The ration dealers, led by the association leaders, will hold a dharna in front of the Thrissur Collectorate on Monday urging the authorities to speed up delivery of items in full quota.The decision to close down shops on Monday was taken in a district general council meeting held the other day. Association's district office-bearers P Unnikrishnan, PR Sundaran, PT Kochappan, PK Narendradas, VK Pradeepkumar, K Sethumadhavan, KP Unnikrishnan and TA Gopi spoke in the meeting", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15455568", "title": "Pat from Babanrao Pachpute", "text": "On August 8, a day before World Tribal Day, the central government honoured the St Ursula Girls' High School by declaring it 'model school and a success story' in implementing the Central Tribal Project for Education. On Friday, state minister for tribal welfare Babanrao Pachpute visited the school and said it was doing a very good job.\"We always had talent, but it is after we came here that we got the chance to show it,\" said Sonali Irpache, one of the tribal students.Rohini Iskape and Arti Yelme said the years spent in the school had increased their confidence. \"We are lucky to get such an opportunity,\" they said.Suhita Tanikonda, class teacher of the tribal student's class, said that the students were always very active. \"They took around two years to come out of their shell. But after that, they have bloomed magnificently, representing the school in national level events and achieving many milestones.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15454823", "title": "Azam Khan seeks amendment for Muslim quota", "text": "LUCKNOW: Reacting to the Congress-led UPA government's assurance of amending the Constitution to provide reservation to Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes (SC/ST) in promotion in government jobs, senior Samajwadi Party leader Mohammad Azam Khan on Saturday demanded that a similar amendment be made to provide reservation to Muslims based on their population.Citing findings of the Sachchar committee report, Khan said: \"The condition of Muslims is worse than that of dalits on many counts. Scores of Muslim youths can be seen earning a living through petty jobs. They lead a life in penury and if reservation in jobs can uplift dalits, the same holds true for Muslims as well.\"Addressing reporters here on Saturday, Khan said that the demand for a constitutional amendment for Muslim reservation was his personal view, but clarified that his opinion was not different from that of his party. The SP, in its election manifesto, had promised to provide quota for Muslims.Khan said: \"If the UPA government proceeds with constitutional amendment for providing reservation in promotion to SCs/STs and overlooks demands of Muslims, it will be clear that the Congress is anti-Muslim. This would hit party's prospects in the 2014 Lok Sabha elections.\" Regarding the percentage of reservation, Azam said \"it is for the Congress to decide the matter but he personally felt that it should be in proportion to the population of Muslims\".The demand of constitutional amendment to provide reservation for SC/ST in promotions was raised by SP's arch rival Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) supremo Mayawati in the Rajya Sabha. Lok Sabha was also rocked by similar demand. The BSP got support from many parties following which the ruling UPA assured to bring a bill on August 22 on the matter. The Prime Minister has also called an all party meeting on the issue on August 21.The BSP had implemented quota system in promotions in government jobs in UP, but it was scrapped by the Allahabad High Court last year and later upheld by the Supreme Court in April this year. Subsequently, the SP government in the state passed the UP Public Service (SCs, STs and OBCs Reservation) Amendment Bill, 2012, for withdrawing reservation in promotions in state government jobs on June 12.On the other hand, the UPA government had introduced 4.5% sub-quota under 27% reservation for the other backward classes' category just before the UP assembly elections. However, questions were then raised over the timing of the order and Congress's intention. The party also did not get any benefit in the polls. Later, the order was stayed by the Andhra Pradesh high court on May 28. The government filed an appeal in the Supreme Court, which refused to the stay the high court order on June 11. The matter is still sub-judice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12452898", "title": "Birth control pill can worsen sex life", "text": "Many women, who are about to get married, should try some time off the Pill so as to find out if their feelings towards their partner remain the same, a new study has suggested.Researchers have said that the hormones in the oral contraceptive affect the type of guy a woman is attracted to.So if she was on the Pill when they met, she might get a shock when she comes off it - and ought to have a trial run before she settles down, the Daily Mail reported.But other experts have urged women not to throw away their packets of the Pill, insisting that taking the risk of becoming pregnant is an extreme way to work out whether a man and woman are suited.To assess the effect of the Pill on women's taste in men, Dr Craig Roberts of Stirling University questioned over 2,500 mothers from around the world on how happy they were in their relationships.Some had met their partners while on the Pill. Most, but not all of those surveyed were still with the fathers of their children.Those who had been on the Pill reported less sexual contentment than the other women.They found their husband or boyfriend less attractive and less exciting in the bedroom, according to the study.But the Pill users rated their partners more highly as far as other aspects were concerned, like seeing them as more faithful, more supportive and better providers.Overall, these positives apparently outweighed the less exciting sex lives, with relationships lasting two years longer on average if the woman had been on the Pill at the start.It is believed that the hormones in the Pill tend to sway women away from 'macho' men who provide the thrill of a fling towards more sensitive types who will be a better bet in the long-run.\"The implications of our study seem to be that by changing your hormone profile through using the Pill, you might shift your preference away from \"cads\" in favour of \"dads\",\" Dr Roberts said.He insisted that his results are based on the average responses of thousands of women, and not every woman on the Pill will experience the same effects.\"Choosing a non-hormonal barrier method of contraception for a few months before getting married might be one way for a woman to reassure herself that she's still attracted to her partner,\" he added.The study has been published in the journal Proceedings of the Royal Society B .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15455225", "title": "Welcoming kids to the world of learning", "text": "MYSORE: Read India's campaign is helping schoolchildren in the age group of 6 to 14 years in villages to read, write and learn the basics.Pratham's flagship programme Read India runs with the cooperation of the school teachers, SDMC and village community.A Seshadri, CEO of Pratham, says \"surveys of Assessment Survey Evaluation Research Centre revealed that significant percentage of children could not read language and do basic mathematics. So we came together to make every child read, write and do math.\"He explains: \"We trained volunteers from each village to teach the children in their village at government school premises. Group of young volunteers from remote villages around T Narsipura came forward.\" Volunteers are not paid instead given computer and spoken English training which will help them in job market to give better performance, he adds.Classes are held in the evening after school hours. While the school teachers work in their schools, volunteers work with children outside school. One programme, Kannada Vachana Karyakrama, will aim at building language skills in children to correct the graded difficulties at different levels of reading and pronunciation.Another programme, Nagu Nagutha Ganitha, marks a significant shift from the conventional teaching methods of maths towards a child-led model. Educationalist T Padmimi says: \"The model focuses on fostering thinking strategies among children so that they explore different ways of arriving at mathematical solutions.\"The campaign was started in July 2010 at T Narasipura. Today over 200 volunteers have joined the campaign from T Narasipura, Nanjangud, Chamarajanagar and Mysore taluks who teach around 4,000 children from Class I to Class V. \"Volunteers include students and graduates. They are trained every month and will engage in the campaign in their respective villages teaching children two hours a day,\" Sheshadri adds.Volunteer Sowmya, a final year BA student at Government First Grade College at T Narasipura, feels happy that she got a good opportunity to teach children.\"I always wanted to be a teacher and I feel lucky that I got an opportunity very early in life.\"Another volunteer, N Akhilesh, I year B Com student, says: \"It is beneficial to us as well. We are given computer and spoken English training which is helpful.\"SUPPORT FOR CAMPAIGNProcter and Gamble has come forward to support the campaign in 35 villages of Mysore Taluk under P&G; Cincinnati Mysore Sister City Project.This was officially launched on August 4 with a bunch of volunteers pledging towards bringing the desired change and to follow their fellow volunteers from the neighboring taluks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15454711", "title": "Three students hurt after branch falls on them", "text": "LUCKNOW: Three children of a convent school in Gomtinagar were injured after a tree branch fell on their head on Saturday afternoon. All three were taken to a private hospital and were discharged after providing medical aid.At around 1.00 pm, after the school got over, three children of Immaculate Conception School located in Vineet Khand, Gomti Nagar stood under a tree to save themselves from the rains. Within few minutes, a heavy branch of the old tree fell on their head, leaving them injured. Out of three children, Jugnu and Aashna belonged to class IV while the third child, Vivekanand Mishra was from class X. All three had injuries on their head. While the two class IV children were little hurt, Vivekanand had a bigger wound. However, after proper medical aid, all were discharged.SO Gomtinagar, Manoj Mishra confirmed the incident and said that all children were provided medical aid and were discharged in the evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15454728", "title": "Salman Khan in Lucknow to promote 'Ek Tha Tiger'", "text": "LUCKNOW: Salman Khan's promotional visit to the city wasn't without an initial hiccup. The bollywood superstar was in Lucknow on Saturday to promote his upcoming release 'Ek tha Tiger'. But, before he could get talking about his movie, the teeming fans at the five star hotel, where the actor was to address the media and also interact with fans, had distracted him so much that he left the venue as soon as he entered it. Though he returned and also spoke to the media, but not before the unruly crowd was controlled.The huge fan-following that the superstar enjoys, had brought people in hordes to get a glimpse of their favourite actor. The room was brimming up with people to that extent that every single chair had more than two people perched on it. The situation could be attributed to the over-enthusiasm among the invitees. Most of the invitees had their friends and families tagged along. Those present at the spot shared that the actor tried his best to keep his poise. He even requested the people to occupy seats and let him speak. He also posed with children present at the venue and signed autographs.The unruly crowd, however, made it so difficult for Salman to speak that he had to leave the venue. He came back only after organizers controlled the crowd. The fans, however, had also made it difficult for Salman at the Lucknow airport. When Salman landed at the airport with Katrina Kaif and his promotional team, a minor altercation took place between the actor's bodyguards and the fans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15455371", "title": "Rasika, Swatika-Vaishanvi in Maharashtra junior badminton finals", "text": "NAGPUR: City shuttlers continued to excel in the first Maharashtra Junior (Under-17 and Under-19) State Selection Badminton tournament being played at Nashik on Saturday.The five-day tournament is being organised jointly by Nashik District Badminton Association and Maharashtra Badminton Association. Rasika Raje entered the U-19 girls singles final when her opponent Karishma Wadkar of Mumbai Suburban conceded the semifinal while trailing 0-3 in the first game. Seventeen-year-old city shuttler will now clash with Shruti Mundada in the final on Sunday.The Pune left-hander prevented an all-Nagpur final when she halted the dream run of Swatika Butey in three thrilling games in the second semifinal.However, Swatika along with her practice partner Vaishnavi Bhale made it to the Under-19 girls doubles final. The city duo, who lost in the U-17 semifinals, ousted second seed Vallari Bukane and Sai Pitre 21-10, 22-24, 21-11.Vaibhav Bisne and his Kolhapur partner Sarang Deshpande sailed into the U-17 boys doubles final with a straight-game victory over Ajeet Kumhar and Rohan Patwardhan.Ealier, 15-year-old Vaibhav went down fighting against second seed Vighnesh Devlekar of Thane in the Under-19 boys singles quarterfinals.RESULTSU-19 boys singles (quarterfinals): 2-Vighnesh Devlekar (Thane) bt Vaibhav Bisne (Nag) 19-21, 21-14, 22-20.U-19 boys doubles (quarterfinals): Vaibhav Bisne-Gaurav Rege (Nag) bt Viplav Kuvale-Yash Salgaonkar (GM) 13-21, 21-15, 21-16; Dheeraj Kumar-Kapil Mehta (Pune) bt Manan Goenka (Nag) bt Sudhanshu Medsikar (Pune) 21-14, 17-21, 21-19.Semifinals: Vignesh Develekar-Ameya Pawar bt Vaibhav Bisne-Gaurav Rege 21-17, 21-15.U-17 boys doubles (semifinals): Vaibhav Bisne-Sarang Deshpande bt Ajeet Kumhar-Rohan Patwardhan 21-9, 21-19.U-19 girls singles (quarterfinals): Swatika Butey (Nag) bt Vibhuti Agarwal (MS) 21-13, 22-20; 2-Rasika Raje (Nag) bt Revati Deosthali (PDMBA) 21-13, 21-9.Semifinals: Rasika Raje bt Karishma Wadkar 3-0 (conceded); Shruti Mundada bt Swatika Butey 21-9, 11-21, 25-23.U-19 girls doubles (semifinals): Swatika Butey-Vaishanvi Bhale bt 2-Vallari Bukane-Sai Pitre 21-10, 22-24, 21-11.U-17 girls doubles (semifinals): Lalita Katre-Karishma Wadkar bt Vaishnavi Bhale-Swatika Butey 21-19, 21-9.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15453549", "title": "Teachers protest against leave order", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Demanding withdrawal of the recent order making it mandatory for every primary teacher posted in the rural area to seek prior approval of assistant basic shiksha adhikari (ABSA) before availing casual leave (CL) and initiation of promotion scheme in primary schools, hundreds of primary teachers under the banner of Allahabad Primary Teachers Union marched upto the collectorate on Saturday.They raised slogans against the officers of basic education department and staged a dharna.MLC Allahabad Jhansi Graduate constituency, Suresh Tripathi said that the draconian order has created deep resentment among primary teachers.This is because a casual leave is only availed when a person is in dire need of the same and how can one seek prior approval for this facility.He also flayed the attitude of the officers of basic education department for delaying the process of promotion and transfer of teachers and instead proceeding with the process of sending teachers in schools where their strength is less than sanctioned.Media incharge, Shailesh Kumar Pandey said that the teachers were also agitated over the delay in releasing GPF of retired teachers by basic education department which is riddled with corruption.The president, Ram Vishal Mishra also slammed the officials and staff of basic education department for harassing teachers during inspection and warned that this would not be tolerated at any cost.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15453963", "title": "Teso meet may be shifted to Anna Arivalayam", "text": "CHENNAI: As suspense continued over the fate of the Tamil Eelam Supporters Organisation (Teso) conference to be held on Sunday, DMK chief M Karunanidhi announced on Saturday evening that the event would be held at Anna Arivalayam, the party headquarters, if there were any problems in holding it at the YMCA Grounds at Royapettah. \"If the ban remains, the conference will be held at Anna Arivalayam at 4pm,\" he said in a statement soon after the Madras high court division bench decided to meet on Sunday to take up the party's petition against the denial of permission to hold the meet at YMCA Grounds.Earlier in the day, Justice N Paul Vasanthakumar heard high-voltage arguments of advocate-general A Navaneethakrishnan and senior advocate P Wilson, who represented the organizers of the conference, for about 90 minutes before citing a legal and technical factor that disallowed a single judge from hearing the case.He referred the matter to the Chief Justice to be posted before a division bench.It was only after 8pm that the high court registry informed the parties that the matter would be heard by a division bench, comprising Justice Elipe Dharma Rao and Justice M Venugopal, on Sunday.The Union ministry of external affairs on Saturday informed the organisers that it had no objection to using the word 'Eelam' in the title of the conference.In a communication to Teso secretary Hasan Mohammed Jinnah, external affairs coordination division deputy secretary R K Nagpal said: \"The organisers are advised to ensure that the conference does not issue any declaration or outcome that calls into question in any manner the sovereignty, territorial integrity and unity of any foreign country with whom India has diplomatic relations.\"Karunanidhi said deliberations on protection of right to life and livelihood of Eelam Tamils to be held in a city hotel on Sunday morning will take place as scheduled. \"Resolutions to be passed at the Teso conference will be discussed and given final touches during this conclave,\" he said. The DMK leader said the party had taken all legal steps to challenge the ban imposed by the city police. The party will announce the names of speakers, orators and other functionaries who will highlight the Teso resolutions at public meetings across the state between August 20 and 30, Karunanidhi said.He told cadres and Teso members to organise meetings in support of Lankan Tamils, besides urging the Centre and the countries that had supported a resolution against Sri Lanka in the United Nations Human Rights Council at Geneva to put an end to the problems of the internally displaced Tamils in the island nation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15459606", "title": "Gayathrri goes to Kollywood", "text": "Actress Gayathrri is happy these days. The actress who shot to fame with Happy Days has bagged her maiden Tamil flick, Madagaja Raja. She is cast opposite Santhanam in the film that has Vishal in the lead. She has already shot for the opening schedule of the film in Pollachi recently and she seems to have had a great time. \"Director Sundar C is one of the most chilled out person you will ever meet. I had an incredible time in Pollachi, it's such a fun team. It's going to be one awesome entertainer,\" says Gayathrri. The actress, who was last seen playing second lead in Gabbar Singh, surprisingly has no Telugu film in her kitty, despite the record breaking success of the movie. \"Well, I got a lot of appreciation for my performance, but nothing interesting has come my way. It seems like everybody wants to cast me in the same role again. Thankfully, director Sundar approached me with a different one,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15455027", "title": "Vedike seeks dissolution of state women's panel", "text": "MANGALORE: Mahatma Gandhi Shanthi Souhardha Vedike on Saturday decided to demand the dissolution of the Karnataka State Women's Commission and ouster of its chairperson C Manjula.At an interactive programme on 'illegal moral policing and Indian culture' organised by the Vedike, speakers including Supreme Court advocate Ravivarma Kumar and noted writer B T Lalitha Nayak urged that the State Women's Commission's chief should be removed from her post.Advocate Ravivarma alleged that Manjula, who came to hear the grievances of homestay attack victims, has acted like an agent of those who perpetrated the attack. \"Manjula was appointed as the chairperson to look into the grievances of women in the state. However, it is unfortunate that she had made allegations against the victims and their parents. Additional director general of police Bipin Gopalakrishna and police commissioner Seemant Kumar Singh have made it clear that it was not a rave party. Let the government send Manjula back home,\" he stressed.\"Governor HR Bhardwaj should intervene and dissolve the government and also recommend for President's rule in the state,\" he urged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15453451", "title": "Registration dept to be modernized", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The government has taken steps to modernize the registration department so that a host of registration services can be provided under a single roof in a time-bound manner. This was announced by minister for food and civil supplies, consumer protection, and registration Anoop Jacob.Inaugurating the 15th state conference of the Kerala Registration Department Officers' Association at Nalanda Auditorium on Saturday, he said that the government would ensure that all the jobs related to the department were protected while implementing the modernization programme.\"The department has to be thoroughly modernized if it is to serve the people efficiently. It was unfortunate that even the computerization initiative had encountered opposition in the department,\" the minister said.Association president K Krishnan presided over the function. State Planning Board member C P John, south zone DIG P K Sajan Kumar, north central zone DIG N K Sivadasan and association general Secretary R Gopakumar spoke at the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "south city", "code": "15454943", "title": "Streets never light up for these 500 families", "text": "SOUTH CITY: Streetlights remain to be mere showpieces in South City, as they hardly serve the purpose of their existence and leave the streets dark after sunset.There are roughly about 500 houses in South City. Residents rue that in the absence of proper lighting, the lanes and thoroughfares in this area turn pitch dark creating problems for them, including rise of incidents of thefts, snatching and accidents. It seems that the municipal corporation seems to be waiting for a big accident to happen here as despite receiving several complaints of faulty street lights in South City and areas surrounding it, no work to repair them has been initiated.Rounaq Malhotra, a businessman, said, \"The street lights are perfect showpieces. It becomes very difficult to drive after sunset and the problem becomes worse especially during rainy season and fog.\" He added, \"With no lights and presence of potholes, riding can be suicidal. Many minor accidents have also occurred due to these non functional lights. It seems the authorities waiting for a big accident to repair these.\"\"It is an age old problem, now people have got used to driving and walking through the ill lit streets,\" fumes another resident, Shreya Verma, a resident. She added, \"Whatever lights are functional, they hardly glow during the night time; it is the light from the vehicles that occasionally lights up the streets here. Moreover, our area has become a haven for thieves since the MC is providing a perfect set up for them.\"Another resident said, \"The promoters got the street lights installed, but they never made these functional due to reasons best known to them. This, despite the fact that this is a PUDA-approved colony.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "15453761", "title": "NIT-Trichy's students receive degrees amid jubilation", "text": "TRICHY: The National Institute of Technology (NIT-T), Trichy, received 19 major projects this year from leading funding agencies for a value of Rs 6.26 crore, which is more than the average project value for the last four years, said S Sundarrajan, its director.He spoke at the eighth convocation of NIT-T held at the institute on Saturday. As many as 1,322 students from various disciplines received their degrees from B Prasada Rao, chairman and managing director of Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited (BHEL) who was the chief guest of the function.Sundarrajan appreciated the young faculty members of NIT-T for getting most of these projects from the Council for Scientific and Industrial Research, Coir Board, Ministry of Information Technology, Department of Atomic Energy and Defence Research and Development Organisation. The institute is currently carrying out 141 projects with a funding of Rs 34 crore from as many as 25 leading national and international funding agencies. Moreover, the institute has on-going MoUs with 10 leading industrial organizations and 10 reputed universities from India and abroad.On a long relationship with BHEL, Trichy, he said the MOU with BHEL had been renewed for a further five years with focus of strategic partnership in areas such as development of super-critical boilers. During this year, NIT-T trained around 500 engineers and managers from BHEL in personality development. The students of NIT-T also got placed in India and abroad with the highest offer of $ 1,25,000 ever made for any T-school being bagged by NIT-T.Earlier, Prasada Rao addressed the media saying that as part of industry-oriented research and industry-institute interaction programme, BHEL would spend 2.5 percent of its total turnover for research and development (R&D;). The company had spent Rs 1,200 crore on R&D; on its welfare as well as in premier educational institutions last year. For 2012-13, they planned to hike the amount to Rs 1,400 crore. They would focus on research in super critical boilers, ultra critical boilers and new materials, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15461626", "title": "Umang 2012 focuses on social initiatives as well", "text": "MUMBAI: Umang is an intercollegiate youth festival organised by N M College in Vile Parle and this year, the fest will take place between August 19 and 22. This year Umang decided to do its bit for the society by trying to create a better tomorrow for the children who can't do it themselves and in this pursuit, Umang'12 has associated with an NGO, Make A Difference and scheduled a socially charged Sunday.For starters, a cyclothon was organised and this was followed by a 'slum awareness drive' in the city. \"The aim is to let parents of the children staying in slums realize the importance of education. We spoke to them and helped them understand about the importance of education in order to help children grow with dignity,\" said a member of the Umang. The awareness drive took place at St Catherine's School in Jogeshwari (W) behind Veera Desai Road in the afternoon.This year, most college festivals chose a social cause to support and spread awareness about the same through their innovative events.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "essayist and novelist pankaj mishra , who maps asia's intellectual geography in the two centuries following its subjugation by the west in his new book 'from the ruins of empire", "code": "15455660", "title": "We haven\u2019t seen the last of intellectual ballyhooing of India and China: Pankaj Mishra", "text": "Essayist and novelist Pankaj Mishra , who maps Asia's intellectual geography in the two centuries following its subjugation by the West in his new book 'From The Ruins of Empire: The Revolt Against The West and The Remaking of Asia', speaks to Archana Khare Ghose on his work, the march of Pak writers and the tiff with Niall Ferguson.In your book you mention two unheralded personalities whose ideas would impact Asia in future \u2014 Liang Qichao and Jamal al-Din al-Afghani . Did they have some Indian equivalent?Much of my book describes a cosmopolitan moment in Asia\u2014before mass anti-colonial movements and nationbuilding programs got underway. This is when people are still reckoning with the peculiar nature of Western power, and beginning to formulate a response to it using an array of intellectual resources. And here Tagore is as important\u2014and neglected - a figure as Liang and al-Afghani , a severe critic of nationalism, someone who couldn't obviously be given a starring role in triumphalist nationalist histories, but who had stunning premonitions of future.What really remade Asia \u2014 its conservative traditions or the moderate approach to selectively adopt western views, or the revolutionary zeal of rebuilding from scratch?All these had a role to play, but the main idea that they \u2014 Islamic thinkers, Confucianists , hardline communists and secularists \u2014 were impelled to was that of the 'nation-state .' That seemed the best way to achieve self-determination , maintain sovereignty and keep western poweratbay\u2014but now we are dealing with the tragic fall-out of imposing an essentially European idea on our very diverse societies.You write that for China in 19th-20 th century 'India was the prototypical 'lost' country ... forced into a state of subjugation that was morally shameful, as well as politically and economically catastrophic.' Has China revised its opinion of India now?I must admit that in my own limited experience India doesn't seem to figure much in the Chinese worldview, and when it does, it is usually a subject of pity and condescension. China has its nationalist zealots but generally their elites refrain from showing off their great economic clout in the West. This is partly why many Chinese intelligentsia travelling to India are shocked by the urban poverty and general breakdown, and are prone to dismiss Indian claims to superpowerdom as an absurd fantasy.Does your book carry forward Samuel Huntington's concept of the 'Clash of Civilisations' ?I hope my book steers clear of these cliches . I don't know why we in India should deal with them with anything other than deep skepticism \u2014 even suspicion.In your famous spat with historian Niall Ferguson , the clash of civilizations appeared as the chief player with the debate hinging on the idea of racism, its presence or its absence. Have we seen the last of that debate or the spat?This is a well-known maneuver in the West now \u2014 powerful men using the language of the underdog to present themselves as victims \u2014 as distinct from the millions whose lives they have helped ruin by cheerleading military assaults, and whose histories they have grotesquely distorted. I don't think we have seen the last of this type of 'public intellectual' ballyhooing China one moment , India the next, Brazil and Indonesia soon.In one of your essays, you hail V S Naipaul's 'An Area of Darkness' for its incisive analysis of the cultural encounter between India and Britain. Do literary responses to India engage with its complexities or continue to be stereotypical?I think the books hitched to the bandwagon of 'Rising India' doomed themselves to intellectual meagerness\u2014and a very limited shelf life. They were basically replicating the dominant ideologies of the contemporary West \u2014 that India and China are finally following the West's holy path of modernization \u2014 and they look more presumptuous now that the apparently triumphant social and economic model of Anglo-America itself appears so fragile. I would take ordinary empathy over fancy ideology any day. Look at the books by Siddhartha Deb, Katherine Boo and Aman Sethi \u2014 how much more they tell us about the texture and diversity of Indian lives.Is new age Indian writing in English struggling to keep up with its Pakistani counterpart?I am a bit bored by this importation of cricketing and military rivalries into literature. Pakistan has long produced world-class writers and poets and will continue to do so. Likewise in India, where an older generation \u2014 Amit Chaudhuri , Amitav Ghosh , Arvind Krishna Mehrotra, to name only a few \u2014 is now working at a very high level, younger writers like Basharat Peer, Anjum Hasan, Rahul Bhattacharya, Sonia Faleiro, Samanth Subramanian , Siddharth Chowdhury, Mirza Waheed are beginning to outline what will be brilliant careers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15455982", "title": "Rang De Zindagi", "text": "INDORE: Palash Rathi, a 20-year-old third-year engineering student, picks a set of primary books and a chalk duster and drives down to Jeevan Shala, where his 20 under-privileged students who cannot afford school, have gathered. Palash is one among 50 students who have joined hands under 'Rang De Zindagi' initiative to educate and add some colour to the life of slum children.\"It all started when we noticed that the quality of education imparted to the children was not in tune with the changing times. We felt the need to reach out to the unprivileged children and help them read and write properly,\" said another engineering graduate Kuntal Desai, 22.Inspired by Samanway, a group working for youths, young band of teachers started the noble task. \"We first started teaching at Jeevan Shala, a primary school for young inmates of Visarjan Ahram. Further motivating us for the noble cause, caretaker of the ashram, Kishore Gupte too extended his full support,\" Palash said.To include a maximum number of the children, youth gradually started reaching out to government schools as well. \"We got in touch with three government schools and expressed our willingness to spend some time to educate students,\" Palash said.Taking their efforts to a whole new level and cope with time constraints compared to a normal school, young teachers also designed their own syllabus. \"Last summer, we chalked out our own syllabus for the secondary school students. Every Saturday, we teach students from 8 to 10 am at three government schools and Jeevan Shala by sticking to new syllabus,\" he said.Lack of funds, too, did not dampen the spirits of young engineers who compromised with their own expenses. \"We donate our pocket money for the cause. As there are 50 members in our group, even a small amount makes a huge difference,\" Kuntal said.Based on Gandhain philosophy, Rang De Zinidagi has been inspired by its parent group Samanway that follows the objectivity of self-creation and self-development. Almost 30 people are associated with the group on regular basis. Samanway has been active in motivating youths to be proactive towards the social issues and take action for the welfare of society.A 24-year-old student, Pallavi Khosa, also an office-bearer of the parent organization said, \"Samanway aims at developing and bringing together youths who are sensitive to such social issues and have a holistic approach towards life.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15455494", "title": "Caste important in university polls", "text": "JAIPUR: Caste has always played an important and determining factor in candidates' success in the Rajasthan University elections. Here caste-based hostels play a major role in deciding the fate of candidates. They follow deep-rooted organizational system to dictate their terms and influence voters of their caste.In a run-up to elections 2012, over a dozen caste-based hostels either run by registered societies or individuals are busy holding meetings with student groups for a better deal. A visit to these hotbeds of student politics will show posters and banners glorifying their community heroes.The infrastructure in many of these hostels may be outdated but they have complete e-data of students i.e name, city, phone number, college, department etc. This data is corroborated by hostellers who frequently take guidance from community bigwigs.\"Both the groups---ABVP and NSUI have declared their candidates and ignored our community candidates. We'll announce our panel in THE coming days,\" said Lakhan Singh Pawta, a hosteller at Gujjar hostel. He added that only political empowerment can get them reservation. Pawta claims he has the support of 2,100 students from his community to decide the presidential candidate.Talking about his modus operandi to get in touch with students living across the city, he said, \"We have cell numbers of all the students and will send them bulk SMSes to make sure they receive information at the earliest.\"Here they follow a unique hierarchy system. They follow a leader selected by either senior students or chosen by leaders. Hostels for Rajputs, Muslims and Gujjars have zero tolerance for indiscipline: drinking in the premises, not participating in community meeting and absence from voting are a big 'no-no'.These hostels are often visited by community leaders who encourage the students to take pride in their communities by delivering lectures. It is incumbent for students to abide by their hostel decision in order to enjoy support in case of any emergency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15455914", "title": "Cellphone tower radiation not harming house sparrows", "text": "GUWAHATI: Contrary to popular belief that the population of house sparrow is on the decline because of radiation from cellphone towers, a study under the All India Network Project in Agricultural Ornithology of Assam Agricultural University (AAU) has found that the birds are thriving in Guwahati.Principal investigator of the project, Prabal Saikia, said under the study house sparrows have been found more than 70 per cent in comparison to tree sparrow population in the city. The project is funded by Indian Council of Agricultural Research.Saikia added that the population of house sparrows in Guwahati has been found more than in five places in five districts of the state. The house sparrow population study in these places started from 2010.\"We have so far conducted the study on house sparrows in Guwahati, Tinsukia town, Lakhimpur, Sonitpur, Dhemaji Jorhat and Sivsagar. But we have found house sparrow population more than 70 percent in Guwahati and Dikhowmukh of Sivsagar districts. In the other places where we have studies house sparrow population is less than 20 percent in comparison to tree sparrow population,\" Saikia said.This year, Saikia will take up another five districts--- Kamrup (Rural), Nalbari, Barpeta, Dhubri and Goalpara--- for house sparrow population study.Interestingly, Saikia said he has found house sparrow nests in houses close to cell phone towers at Dikhowmukh. \"This is an interesting observation. Generally it is believed that house sparrows are decline because of the presence of cell phone towers. But in case of Dikhowmukh, it is exactly the opposite. We need to do more study on this phenomenon,\" Saikia, who is also popularizing the use of specially-designed boxes for house sparrow nests among the public, said.Saikia has designed low-cost paper boxes which helps house sparrows to build nests. Since the study was undertaken, Saikia has been distributing the boxes to the public as a part of creating awareness on conservation of house sparrows. He planning to distribute about 2000 boxes free this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15457577", "title": "Research Day celebrations at PGI", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Dr Ashwani Kumar, Union Minister of State for Planning, Science &amp; Technology and Earth Sciences inaugurated the Research Day celebration of the PGI organised as a part of their golden jubilee celebrations on Saturday.On this Research Day it is the first time that all the researchers in the institute had the opportunity to present their work in one place. Besides showcasing the high-quality research work being carried on in the institute, this event provided a space for faculty and researchers of various departments to familiarize themselves with work going on elsewhere within the Institute.Addressing the gathering of eminent physicians, scientists and faculty members on the need to strengthen the innovation ecosystem in the country, Ashwani called for excellence in the translational research in order to ensure affordable health care to all.Earlier Prof. Yogesh Chawla, Director, PGI said, \"The Research Day today would give us an opportunity not only to have an insight on our research output, but also give a chance to develop collaborative researches with neighbouring sister scientific institutes.\"Prof. Amod Gupta, Dean, PGI while informing about the research activities in PGI said, \"On an average, faculty of PGI publishes nearly 550 research papers in various indexed journals and ever since its inception the Institute has published nearly 15000 papers. Our papers receive nearly 4000 citations every year almost similar to the AIIMS. However, very discouragingly more than 90% of the research that is published from leading medical institutes including PGI or AIIMS and even the IITs or the famed IISc get less than 25 citations.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15454912", "title": "Kapurthala teams grab double wins", "text": "LUDHIANA: The third weekend of Mahindra NBA Challenge, Ludhiana, continued to witness some thrilling basketball action with Kapurthala enjoying wins in the senior men's and under-13 boys divisions at the Guru Nanak Stadium on Saturday.The U-13 lads of Kapurthala were dominant in their 52-8 win over Guru Hari Kishan Public School in Group C encounter at the start of the day. And it was then the turn of their senior squad to turn on the style as a 25-point effort from Paramjeet helped Kapurthala beat Muktsar 84-73.Patiala were impressive in the senior men's and women's divisions last weekend showed they are also a force to be reckoned with in the junior section with their U-13 side sealing a 52-28 win against Khalsa Senior Secondary School, Potohar.In some of the day's other matches, PAU Model School scored a 21-2 victory over Fatehgarh Sahib in an U-13 girls-A clash while Faridkot rode on a 12-point contribution from Amandeep to see off PAP School, Jalandhar 44-14 in an U-13 boys A tie. There was also a big win for Sports School, Gudha, in their U-13 boys B match against Nav Bharti Public School with the final score reading 57-4 to the former.The Ludhiana leg of the Mahindra NBA Challenge is into its third edition and is being conducted in collaboration with the BFI and Punjab Basketball Association. The program will run for seven weeks culminating on September 9.ResultsU-13, Boys-A | Greenland beat Fategarh Sahib via walkover U-13, Boys-B | Sangrur beat Sujjapur 33-18 U-13, Boys-A | Faridkot beat PAP School, Jalandhar 44-14 U-13, Boys-B | Sports School, Gudha beat Nav Bharti Public School 57-4 Senior Men's-B | Kapurthala beat Muktsar 84-73 U-13 Boys-D | Gymkhana Club beat APJ Jalandhar 46-12 U-13 Boys-D | Patiala beat Khalsa Senior Secondary School, Potohar 52-28 U-13 Girls-A| PAU Model School beat Fatehgarh Sahib 21-2 U-13 Boys-C | Kapurthala bt Guru Hari Kishan Public School 52-8 U-13 Boys-E | Amritsar beat Police Line Club 39-6", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15458482", "title": "Kashi jewellers, third time lucky!", "text": "It is three cheers for Kashi Jewelers, who, for the third consecutive year is participating in the India International Jewellery Week, starting from August 19 in Mumbai.\"It feels great to participate in IIJW more so 'cos the participation is by invitation. We are among the top 10 jewelers from India who have been invited to participate in this jewellery week. We will be showcasing our collection on August 22,\" informs Shreyansh Kapoor, vice president, Kashi Jewelers.Shreyansh adds, \"While last year actress Isha Koppikar was our showstopper, this time we have Miss India International and Bollywood actress Esha Gupta as a celebrity showstopper.\"Kashi Jewelers, winner of the President Award for the excellence in manufacturing and entrepreneurship, will also launch their cocktail line in the jewellery week. Telling us about the theme of their collection, which is Cocktail, Kapoor says, \"Our collection is inspired from nature and include motifs like animals, forests, waterfalls and trees. The designs are all handcrafted and we have used gold, cut and uncut diamonds and coloured gemstones for making our collection an impressive one.\"Interestingly, the collection to be showcased at the IIJW, will also be available at the showrooms of Kashi Jewelers for their customers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "15456105", "title": "Mother, teenaged sons found killed", "text": "ROHTAK: In a shocking incident, bodies of a middle-aged widow and her two teenaged sons were found bundled in a trunk in the store room of their rented house in Ashok Vihar locality of Rohtak on Saturday evening.Police said that neighbours got suspicious after foul smell started emanating from the house and informed them. Police broke open the house and found bodies of the three persons, identified as Roshni Devi, 40, and her two sons, Manish, 13, and Yogesh, 15, locked in a big iron trunk in the storeroom of their house.The victims, hailing from Mirchpur village in Hisar, had been living here for last two months in a rented accommodation and the two boys were studying here.Police spokesperson Ved Singh said that throats of the victims had been slit and their bodies dumped in the trunk.\"City police station has registered a case against unknown assailants on the complaint of Roshni's brother Jaswant. The motive behind the killings is not yet clear and police have started probing from different angles\", Singh said, adding that dispute over property could be the reason behind the triple murder.Neighbours had told police that they have not spotted anybody entering or getting out of the house in the last two days, he said.A youth of Meham town in Rohtak, Chand Singh Dangi, was stated to be a frequent visitor to the family and he was being traced for questioning. Roshni's husband Satyawan had died some time ago and she started living in Rohtak thereafter, police sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15455749", "title": "17-year-old raped twice in 24 hours", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 17-year-old girl, resident of Maninagar, was raped by her computer class instructor and later by a resident of Vejalpur, in a matter of 24 hours. The girl was abandoned at Victoria Garden near Ellisbridge by the latter from where her parents brought her home and filed a complaint for rape.According to Maninagar police, Rajvi (name changed), comes from a well-to-do family in Maninagar. She was pursuing her diploma in computer applications from an institute in Krishnabaug in the same area. As per investigators, she fell in love with Mitesh Patel, 24, an instructor at the institute.\"Patel took her to a guest house in Khadia after the classes got over on Thursday on the pretext of excursion and had sex with her. The duo then went to places such as Law Garden and Iskcon Mall and then came back to the classes where Patel told her that they can go around together but he cannot marry her. She got heartbroken and after a major fight, took an auto absentmindedly for Jamalpur to commit suicide,\" said a police official.The auto driver started talking to her when she told him that she wanted to go to Mumbai and pursue a career. After hearing this, the auto driver, later identified as Imran Khan, took her to his friend Mohammed Shaikh, a youth in late twenties.\"Rajvi stated that Shaikh befriended her and told her that he had contacts in Mumbai and he could help her. Shaikh later took her to a guest house in Danilimda in the night for stay and raped her four times. In the morning, Shaikh and Imran Khan took her in Khan's auto to Victoria Garden and abandoned her there,\" said the official. One of the duo then called up Rajvi's father about her location from a pay phone, said the official.V J Gadhavi, inspector of Maninagar police station, said that Patel has been arrested after the complaint and the search for the other two accused is on. \"The girl has been sent for medical checkup,\" he said.Sources said that Rajvi was adopted by her parents at the age of two. She had earlier fled from home two times and had come back and also tried to commit suicide once. When she did not return home on Thursday, her father had intimated Maninagar police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15455367", "title": "Panel's demand for probe into genetically modified crops welcomed", "text": "NAGPUR: Farmers and activists in Vidarbha have welcomed the report of Parliamentary Standing Committee on agriculture, which has demanded a probe into process of clearance for genetically modified seeds. Headed by Basudeb Acharia of CPM, the 32-member panel with 11 MPs from the Congress had visited Vidarbha, considered the farm suicide capital of India.\"The panel has truly reflected sentiments of Vidarbha farmers, who are reeling under acute stress and economic collapse ever since they have started depending on Bt cotton seeds,\" said Kishore Tiwari of Vidarbha Jan Andolan Samiti. Thousands of farmers have committed suicide in the last decade because of ever growing debt burden, he added.The panel's report submitted on Thursday recommended study of socio-economic and health impact of Bt cotton seeds and a thorough probe into Bt brinjal, saying that adequate tests had not been carried out and the approval committee was under \"tremendous pressure\" from the \"industry and a minister\" to approve it.The report on GM crops is a historic, comprehensive and well-grounded document, and has thrown light on certain aspects of agrarian crisis that did not figure in any study or experts' reports earlier. It has severely criticized the agriculture department for failing to discharge its mandate as a policy maker.Tiwari said that while clearing GM crops the profile of our farmers was ignored, since 70% of them are small and marginal land holders. Levels of mechanization, non-availability of irrigation facilities, cost-benefit analysis, uncertainty of yields, and loss to biodiversity need to be considered, he said. The panel has therefore recommended a probe into decision-making involved in commercial release of Bt cotton and its impact on food chain through use of cottonseed oil,\" said Tiwari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15453483", "title": "Foul is not fair for residents of Jhiri", "text": "RANCHI: A little garbage in front of one's house is unbearable and so one can very well imagine the plight of residents living in a neighbourhood full of garbage!For one-and-a-half years, the people of Jhiri, which is about 20 km from Ranchi, have had to put up with intolerable stench emanating from mounds of garbage all around them. Ever since the A2Z Waste Management Company was assigned the task of cleaning the city, the Ranchi Municipal Corporation allotted it land in Jhiri for dumping the city's waste. A2Z was allotted 125 acres in Jhiri. Every day, the city produces about 500 tons of solid waste, which is dumped here.Some of the garbage dumped here is biodegradable but there is a huge amount of garbage like plastic, heavy metal and even bio-medical waste. The rains have added to the woes as the stench of rotting refuse is making the life of the people miserable. More than 15 lakh tons of garbage has been dumped here.\"Malaria and diarrhoea are common here, especially among children. If the area is not cleaned, there could be more health hazards,\" said Ayush Lakra, a local. Parul Kashyap, a resident of Jhiri, said, \"I bought land here five years ago. The environment was clean then but now it's unhealthy to stay here.\"Another local, Vaibhav Lal, said, \"Garbage anywhere is a problem but in summer it is tolerable because there's no stench. In the rains, one can't open the windows.\"Health officer, RMC, Rajan Singh, agreed that the residents were not only putting up with stench but also fighting diseases. \"People will have some problems, especially in the rainy season, as the place will become a breeding ground for mosquitoes. Residents will have to be alittle alert. We keep spraying chemicals to control mosquitoes.Another problem that can arise is that the discharge from the waste can mix with the ground and surface water leading to several health hazards.\" There could have been a solution to this in the form of a disposal plant. But it's pending for the past several months. The RMC even received Rs 51.3 crore from the Centre under the Jawaharlal NehruNational Urban Renewal Mission to set up the plant three years ago. S S Kadari, the contractor of the project, claimed the work is in progress. \"For the past nine months the work of breaking rocks and levelling the ground is on. After the ground is levelled, we will begin construction. Then it will be a matter of six months for the work to be completed.\" Singh said, \"Construction will begin very soon and once it is over, the residents of Jhiri can breathe afresh.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15459348", "title": "NPL scientists have created the \"physics package\" of Rubidium atomic clock", "text": "NEW DELHI: G. M. Saxena has spent most time on clocks. As his last project, the physicist who retired from the Time and Frequency Division of the National Physical Laboratory, New Delhi, this year, headed a team that has created the \"physics package\" - really the critical part - of the Rubidium atomic clock in India. The working of an Rb atomic clock, used most commonly in GPS satellites, is not exactly common knowledge. In fact, very few countries possess the technology and those who do, guard it zealously.Saxena and scientists at the NPL started working on them in the late 1970s. Things went much slower then and it took about five years just to procure the materials - the magnetic shields, the isotopes and electronic components. \"Now import policies have improved a lot and you can easily purchase these,\" says Saxena. By the early eighties, they had figured the technology out and demonstrated the results of their research.Their interest was purely academic. After that Saxena worked on other things - theoretical physics and the Cesium Fountain Clock which loses one second in 3,000 years. In 1991, when foreign exchange for this sort of project was in short supply, he \"optimized\" - repaired and reconditioned - a defective Rubidium Standard Oscillator for the department of Lighthouses and Lightships, saving it money to the tune of 30,000 USD.In 2008, India, unable to procure the clocks from the US, entered into a MOU with NPL to develop the clock. Saxena started work on it again and delivered the first model in 2010 and a second one in February 2011 before retiring in March. \"The physics package comes under critical and monopoly technologies,\" says Saxena. No company in India manufactures this. But the US agreed to sell and India, decided to buy.The Rb atomic clock is also very stable - loses a second in 300 years - and very accurate. And bought from other countries, it's also expensive. Despite having developed the expertise indigenously, India has bought it from the US for about Rs. 1 crore a piece for the Indian Regional Navigation Satellite System. \"The Indian one can come for Rs. 20 lakh.The cost of the thing is not much, it's knowledge-based,\" says Saxena who was hoping that the Space Application Centre (SAC) of ISRO would choose the indigenous product over the imports and develop the space quality model. Apart from in GPS satellites - about three-four clocks go into each - Rb atomic clocks can be used in the telecommunications industry, submarines, Electronics Regional Test Laboratories, test and calibration labs and in the defence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15455341", "title": "Assembly session was 'the Parrikar show'", "text": "PANAJI: A well-geared up and aggressive opposition seen in the Goa assembly over the past two decades was missing this time. It was left to the ruling and independent MLAs to play the role of opposition in the 40-member house, say former legislators and political observers. There were few government bills which were passed during the last five years, but during the monsoon session, the BJP-led coalition government tried to bring new reforms and introduced 22 bills out of which 19 bills were passed and three bills were sent to the select committee.With the non-aggressive approach of the Congress MLAs, except for Curtorim MLA Aleixo Reginaldo Lourenco, the first time MLAs, including independent as well as BJP, were seen cornering the government on mining, medium of instruction, drugs and various issues related to corruption.Speaking to TOI, former Mapusa MLA and former speaker Surendra Sirsat said that instead of putting up a brave opposition, the Congress leadership was seen making suggestions to the treasury bench and therefore a big void was glaringly seen on the floor of the house from the opposition.Forget being aggressive in the house, Congress lacked basic strategies to combat the treasury bench during the session. There was no floor coordination amongst the Congress legislators and there appeared to be competition amongst them to praise the government.The vacuum created by the official opposition dispensation was rightly filled up by young, first-time independent legislators like Vijai Sardessai, Naresh Sawal, Rohan Khaunte.Adding further, Sirsat said, \"Though a first-timer, these MLAs behaved like matured legislators, thereby filling the void created by Congress along with BJP first-time legislators Vishnu Wagh, Pramod Sawant, Subhash Phaldessai and Michael Lobo.\"Former MLA and practicing lawyer, Radharao Gracias, felt that the rather low quality of debate in the house is a reflection of the deteriorating choice of legislators by the voters. Only independent Vijai Sardessai and Congressman Reginaldo Lourenco stood out.The BJP MLAs are mostly new comers, and appeared to be overawed by the chief minister and were circumspect. Political observer Prabhakar Timble said that there was failure by the Congress, the opposition party, for performing its role and almost abdicating its responsibility. \"Though there is a leader of the opposition 'de jure', I could not identify the leader 'de facto', he added.\"A few independents and first time MLAs made their mark through studied interventions. Probably, it was an opportunity for them to announce their arrival. Without them, this session would have been lackluster and would have been recorded as without worthwhile debates,\" Timble said.Speaking to TOI, former Union law minister Ramakant Khalap said that the performance of the opposition Congress in the recent session can be described in one word, \"lacklustre\".Khalap said, \"Leader of opposition Pratapsingh Rane is a peacetime captain. Belligerence required of an opposition warlord is not in his blood and the ruling combine is of heterogeneous ideologies led by the combatant BJP and its combatant leader. This conflict within the ruling BJP could have been exploited by the opposition,\" he said.Sirsat also said that large number of bills and legislations introduced and passed in this assembly session indicates that the chief minister has made administrative staff of various departments to work and deliver the goods. \"Kudos to chief minister Manohar Parrikar for his abilities to handle his own people as well as opposition,\" said Sirsat.Reacting to the bill passed by the government in assembly, Timble welcomed the bills relating to the amendment to the 'Law of Succession' and the setting up of a Minorities Commission. Though there was some criticism on the bill hiking the salaries and allowances of MLAs and ministers.\"I am of the opinion that the public exchequer should provide reasonable salary packages to public men for full time involvement and commitment,\" he said. Though the new ministers fumbled while answering, the chief minister bailed them out during the assembly proceedings.The chief minister prevailed upon the whole monsoon session and it appeared to be a one-man show. Under his leadership, substantive legislative proceedings were successfully concluded. Sirsat said, \"Otherwise, the whole monsoon session was a 'Manohar Parrikar session'\". Timble said that from the ruling side, except for the minister for urban development and to some extent the minister for health and undoubtedly the chief minister, others exhibited very poor ministerial material in them. The dearth of managerial and administrative talent was visible.Gracias said that Parrikar, who was breathing fire against illegal mining as leader of opposition, changed his stance and claim that there is no illegal mining and the contamination of Selaulim waters cannot be attributed to mining, contrary to all the available evidence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15454009", "title": "Power shutdown tomorrow", "text": "CHENNAI: Power supply will be suspended in the following areas on Monday from 9am to 5pm for maintenance work.Nolambur: NNS, HIG, MIG, Adayalampet, Gangaiamman Ngr, Eri Scheme, Panneer Ngr, Kongu Ngr, Mohan Ram Ngr, Mugappair / West Block 1 to 8, Jeswanth Ngr, Reddy Palayam, AIBE Ngr, Vellalar St, Ponniamman Ngr, Keel Ayanambakkam, Rajen kuppam.Ennore: Ennore, Kathivakkam, Ernavoor.Perungalathur: New &amp; Old Perungalathur, Peerkankaranai, Mudhichur, Part of - West Tambaram, Irumbuliyur, Kolapakkam, Vandalur.Mambalam: Thanikachalam Rd, Arcot St, Saravana St Krishna St, Neelaganda metha St,Vaidhiyarama St, Thiyagaraja Rd, Deenadayalan St, Melony Rd, Basudev St, Northboag Rd, Panagal park, Rajamannar St, G N Chetty Rd part, Saravana St, Venkatanaryana Rd part, Bagavandam St, Jagadeeswaraan St, Singaravelu St, Sivaprakasam St, Raja St, Radhakrishanan St, Rajabather St, Ramanan St, Gopalakrishanan St, Vijayaragavachery Rd, Dr.nair Rd, Gopalakrishnan St, Gopalakrishnan iyer St, Nana St, Daniel St, Rajachari St, Basullah Rd, Giriappa Rd part, Lodigan St, Mylairanganathan St, Usman Rd part, Crescent park St, Sundaram St, Rajambal St, Giriappa rd, Yogambal St, Singaram St, Hanumantharao St, Ramarao St, Ramachandra rd, Sambasivam St, Ragavaiya Rd, Burkit Rd.Periyar Nagar: Chitharanjan colony, Venkatraman salai, Periyar Ngr, Jaganathan salai, SRP colony, Paper Mills Rd, Jawahar Ngr, KC garden, SRP koil St North &amp; South, Lakshman East &amp; West, 70 Feet Rd, Vetri Ngr, Velan Ngr, Kuppusamy St, Sivaprakasam St, Kolathur, Poombuhar Ngr, Vasantham Ngr, Arjun Ngr, Amaraj St, Ambedkar Ngr, Thenpalani Ngr, Dhanrajpuram, Subramaniya puram, Venkateswara Ngr, Lakshmi Ngr, Kannagi Ngr, Jayaram Ngr, Sivasakthi Ngr, RH Rd T Ngr colony, Sakthivel Ngr, Dhakshnamurthy Ngr, Sakthi St and Kolathur area, Lakshmipuram, Teacher's colony, Kadaba Rd, Sarathi Ngr, Villivakkam Rd, Ganaesh Ngr, Harbour colony, Selvaraj Ngr, Janaki Ram Reddy colony, Nethaji Ngr, Srinivasan Ngr, RH Rd, V V Ngr, GKM colony Anjugam Ngr, Samthriya colony, Girija Ngr East, Vetrivel Ngr, Sarojini Ngr, M N Ngr, Kizhagumada Veethi, Bajanai koil St, Sannathi St, Palli salai, Gangaiamman koil St, K S Ngr, Sarathy Ngr, Haridoss St, Shanthi Ngr, Ganesh Ngr, Janaki Ram Reddy colony, Nethaji Ngr, Srinivasan Ngr, RH Rd, V V.Ngr, Rajaji Ngr.Rajakilapakkam: Kamarajapuram, Part of - Chitlapakkam, Sembakkam, Gomathy Ngr, Chitlapakkam.Madambakkam: Sembakkam, Rajakilpakkam, Madambakkam, Selaiyur, Camp Rd, Thiruvencheri, Madurapakkam, Agaramthen, Kovilanchery, Velachery main Rd, Kamarajapuram, Vengaivasal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15456043", "title": "Volleying hard to make it big", "text": "INDORE: Can a son or a daughter of a daily wage worker think of making it big in the world of tennis? The answer to the question might be a big No because of the expenses involved in grooming one into a tennis player. That is until you learn about reigning tennis player Khalida Qureshi from Mhow. This 17-year-old tennis star has been lucky enough to realize her dream of making it big with the help of good Samaritans in Mhow and Indore.\"Though the game is expensive and tough, I am confident that I can play against anyone,\" says the player with national and state level titles to her credit. It all began some four years ago when her present coach Dinesh Swami saw her watching the practice from outside the court. The coach saw her and asked her what was she doing there. The 'terrified' Khalida replied that she liked the game. Dinesh set a condition to test her physical endurance. He said he would include her into the team, only if she beat the players in 100 metre race. Khalida proved her mettle by winning the race. Since then, there has been no looking back for the daughter of a daily wager Yaqoob.\"Dinesh Swami Sir was the first person who helped me to take to tennis,\" she said, adding that her coach bought her the first tennis dress and kit which boosted her confidence.After learning about her performance Anil Dhupad, who is the secretary of Madhya Pradesh Tennis Association (MPTA), also offered to facilitate her and provided her life long membership at the Indore Tennis Club. Khalida is also being trained by her another coach I K Mahajan and travels 25 km to Indore by bus daily to attend the training camp.Not only the people from tennis field, but also those outside the game and her neighbours did their bit for this champion player. Praveen Soni, a businessman in Mhow has helped her financially. \"My whole family has a sports background and played many state and national-level contests. I know how hard it is to get into a game like tennis for economically backward person. But when I saw Khalida excelling in this sport, I was delighted, and thought of helping this girl financially. Khalida is my neighbour and her father is a hammal, so I was aware of their economic condition. I came forward and helped the girl to get sports equipment, kits, dresses and financed for her tennis tours too,\" he says.\"She has mastered the game and in a month of coaching, she started giving good results. She is confident and hard-working girl and I want to see her playing Olympics in the future,\" said Dinesh, one of her coaches in Mhow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15459754", "title": "PCMC to introduce new trades and divisions at industrial training Centre", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation(PCMC) is planning to introduce new trades and divisions at its Industrial Training Centre (ITC) so that more students can benefit from the courses.Assistant municipal commissioner Uday Tekale said municipal commissioner Shrikar Pardeshi has directed the civic administration to prepare a report on introduction of new trades and whether more students can be admitted from next academic year at ITC. The work of preparing this report has begun, he said. The report is likely to be prepared by the end of October. The civic administration will send the report to the state government.The ITC at Morwadi operates in two shifts for maximum utilisation of its resources. The civic administration makes every effort to give admissions to maximum number of students. PCMC is preparing a list of new trades that need to be introduced at ITC, a civic official said. The centre does not have additional space for further expansion. Further use of classrooms and laboratories would be possible if a third shift is introduced, the official added.Meanwhile Kailas Kadam, opposition leader, PCMC has written a letter to municipal commissioner Shrikar Pardeshi demanding that the intake capacity of students at the PCMC run ITC's at Morwadi and Kasarwadi be increased to cater to the needs of growing number of students. A total of 4,109 students had applied for the 468 seats in these centres. Kadam has further said that there is a need to relax admission rules to give admissions to more students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "9624310", "title": "Top 10 Independence Day Special Songs", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15460292", "title": "Maharashtra transport employees warn government of agitation", "text": "Pune: The Maharashtra State Transport Employees Union has warned that it will initiate a severe agitation if the state government does not consider its demands including the finalization of the wage agreement.General secretary of the union, Hanumant Tate said that the state bus corporation is facing financial losses because of lack of adequate number of buses to meet the demands of the passengers. The Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation is facing a financial burden of Rs 100 crore every year for payment of toll charges. The state government has not sanctioned dues amounting to Rs 1689 crore to the corporation. The state government is delaying the finalization of the wage agreement by citing the reason of the poor financial situation.Tate said that the government was supposed to reach a new wage agreement with the majority employees union within six months. The wage agreement, he said, will be applicable from April 1, 2012 to March 31, 2016. Meetings with the employees union regarding the wage agreement are being held at present, he said. The employees union held a meeting last month in Pune to discuss the issue of wage agreement and other demands. Tate said that the union will start an agitation if the government does not consider its demands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15454169", "title": "Matheran toy train can run in the rain", "text": "MUMBAI: The controllability trial to test toy train services between Aman Lodge and Matheran, carried out by Central Railway on Saturday, proved to be successful. Tourists can now hope to travel on this route during monsoon. The trials were carried out to ascertain the number of coaches and the speed of the train on this section to ensure a safe journey during the monsoon months.\"We may have to compromise on the speed of the train services. Instead of the desired 16 kmph, a speed not exceeding 12-13 kmph would have to be maintained. A final call on whether to run the services will be taken by the commissioner of railway safety,\" an official said.Chetan Bakshi, commissioner of railway safety, Central Circle, is expected to visit this section next week.The Matheran Light Rail hopes to benefit the economy of the hill station. Since vehicles are banned here, transportation of provisions is disrupted during monsoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "15455913", "title": "Land hurdle to National Institute of Technology Agartala expansion", "text": "AGARTALA: National Institute of Technology (NIT) Agartala, one of the fastest growing NITs in the country, is facing serious expansion problems owing to paucity of land.The institute intends to introduce two ambitious courses - aeronautic engineering and agricultural engineering. However, the Tripura government has been unable to provide land for setting up these courses, said the institute's director P K Bose.The Union human resource development (HRD) ministry has already cleared the courses for introduction, but NIT Agartala requires at least 300 acres of land to set up the necessary infrastructure to support the courses.Bose said few NIT's can boast a course like aeronautic engineering in its curriculum, and NIT Agartala was fortunate to get such a prestigious and lucrative course in northeast.\"I have been asking for land from the Left Front government here, but till now, I haven't got any response from them,\" says Bose.This year NIT Agartala has started bio-engineering and next year, he said, the institute will start food processing, as the state has huge potential of food processing industry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15454415", "title": "FCI, food department staffers involved in scam: Minister", "text": "KOLKATA: The enforcement branch (EB) of the city police and the vigilance cell of the food and civil supplies department suspect a section of Food Corporation of India (FCI) and food department officials for being involved in smuggling wheat meant for the below poverty line (BPL) section of people to Bangladesh.For the second consecutive time, wheat meant for the poor was seized from a Kolkata port godown on Friday, hours before being smuggled out to Bangladesh. Thirteen people were arrested. This time the consignment of wheat was much bigger than the earlier one \u2014 23,000 quintal, worth Rs 3.75 crore \u2014 subsidized food grains meant for the BPL. The earlier consignment was 4,500 quintals, worth Rs 50 lakh, seized on July 28.\"The consignment was an FCI procurement from Haryana. Every year, the colour on the sacks of foodgrains procured by FCI changes. This year it is green. So there is no doubt that the consignment was procured by FCI. We are investigating how it was being smuggled to Bangladesh,\" said state food and civil supplies minister Jyotipriya Mullick.\"We have found a well entrenched racket that works on either side of the Indo-Bangla border with crores of rupees exchanging hands,\" Mullick added. \"Selling the poor man's foodgrains to another country at a premium is the worst kind of crime. We have found that both FCI and food department employees are involved in this. The probe will take the lid off the entire racket.\"Three flour mills were found to be involved in the earlier case where the consignment of wheat was seized from an FCI warehouse in Budge Budge. The food department suspended the licence of the mills and formed a high-level inquiry team to probe the scam. The committee, headed by food commissioner S M Baba, will submit the report shortly. Mullick said vigilance cell officers of the food department would raid every warehouse in the city and the districts. \"No flour mill will be spared if we find unaccounted stocks of wheat stored in any of their warehouses,\" he said.Deputy commissioner (enforcement branch) Debobrata Das said: \"This case is linked to the earlier one. Our probe is yet to be over. It will take some time before we can lay bare the entire racket.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15454201", "title": "No commercial development of Indu Mills land: Prithviraj Chavan", "text": "MUMBAI: The state has made it clear that it will not allow any form of commercial exploitation of the Prabhadevi-based Indu Mills land, which is being sought for a memorial of Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar.Sources in the state government said that chief minister Prithviraj Chavan shot down a suggestion last week for allowing commercial development of a portion of the mill land, which is spread over 12 acres. On Thursday, RPI (A) leader Ramdas Athavale called on Chavan at his Vidhan Bhavan office to discuss the Indu mill issue. At the meeting, a presentation prepared by renowned architect Shashi Prabhu was submitted to Chavan. A suggestion that commercial development could be considered on part of the land was made, but Chavan shot it down. Athavale confirmed the development.Athavale said that the government should come up with a mechanism to speed up the handover of the land, as well as the construction and maintenance of the memorial.With a built-up potential of over 5 lakh sq ft, Prabhu's design, said Athavale, included setting up an international memorial, a meditation centre, an auditorium, a social justice university, a library and a museum exhibiting Ambedkar's belongings. To expedite the take over of the land that belongs to the National Textile Corporation (NTC), Athavale supported the idea of compensating NTC in cash. The amount of about Rs 5,000 crore demanded by the corporation could be shared between the state and the Centre. The state favours the plans of absorbing most of the burden by transfer of development rights, which could be loaded on another NTC mill.The RPI has asked Chavan to make a formal announcement of the take over on or before August 15, failing which the party will launch a protest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15458361", "title": "Clicking heritage sites with mobile cameras", "text": "On a visit to Konark, Tannishtha Chatterjee wonders what happens to heritage site lensmen in times of mobile cameras.Even a decade back when India had still not started enjoying the fruits of mobile revolution, any visit to a heritage site meant meeting lots of photographers. Remember how they would make you stand in front of the monument, experiment with angles and take flattering photos of you holding the tip of the Taj Mahal? Those would then be sent via post once you reached home. But not anymore. Though the photographers are still around, they have few takers. When actor Tannishtha Chatterjee took a few hours off from her mentoring session at the Green Screen Lab in Bhubaneswar to visit Konark on Saturday, it was a poignant moment for her.Said Tannishtha, \"Of course, I enjoyed my trip to Konark. I was overwhelmed by the architectural splendour. But what also struck me was the fate of the dwindling tribe of these photographers. Every other person has a mobile camera or even an iPad. So, what's the need for them to hire these lensmen?\"Tannishtha might have agreed to pose for them (see pic above). But, the actor stood out in the crowd since the other tourists were not interested. On her way back to the university, she said, \"The young in this trade can still opt for a change in profession. But the old are so helpless. Their frames are kitschy. They charge just `20 for a printout of the photo. But in an age of instant photography, who'd wait for a printout?\"Her question has no answer. Not just here, perhaps when the new takes the place of the old, many such questions remain unanswered forever.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15455424", "title": "Slap criminal charges on mob members: Lawyers", "text": "MUMBAI: Protesters who set afire and damaged media vans, BEST buses and police vans and injured at least 30 persons, including eight cops and several photographers, outside Azad Maidan on Saturday ought to be booked for serious criminal charges, legal experts said. If an investigation reveals that the vehicles were occupied when they were set ablaze, charges of arson and rioting, criminal intimidation and causing serious injuries by dangerous means could be slapped on protesters. The punishment for causing grievous hurt by means of fire attracts up to ten years in jail or even life imprisonment.Home minister R R Patil assured that the police department would investigate the matter. Lawyers said the police department should book the persons in its custody for rioting , damaging private and public property, causing serious injuries, unlawful assembly and could even consider more serious charges.Advocate Majeed Memon said the police would have to \"investigate with absolute fairness to find out who ignited the trouble and can certainly book those for rioting and unlawful assembly\".Memon added, \"Even if the agitation was meant to protest the killing of Muslims in Assam and Myanmar , the organizers must ensure that the collection of people does not by itself become a law and order problem. It appears that there are allegations of the policemen having used coercive method to disperse the crowd, probably resulting in injuries to some protesters who may be fasting. For any cause, however laudable, turning violent is never an option.\" Lawyers like Shrikant Bhat also condemned the violence and said the police would have to invoke a series of offences against the rioters, including arson charges.However, organizers cannot be booked unless there is evidence of prior planning or conspiracy for committing violence, said a senior lawyer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15453310", "title": "Linguistic unrest brewing in Idukki, warns state intelligence", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The state intelligence has warned the government against distributing free land among 'landless' Tamil plantation workers in Idukki as it is boosting anti-state sentiments in the region, especially when sensitive inter-state issues like Mullapperiyar stirs emotions.\"If more land is given to the Tamil natives, there is a high risk that they would turn against the state during such situations leading to law and order issues,\" a letter sent by SP (Intelligence) M Mohammed Shabir to the principal secretary of home department on July 17 (accessed by the TOI) said.In the areas like Kanan Devan Hill, Vattavada and Kottakamboor villages in the Devikulam taluk, a majority of the population show strong allegiance to TN. Political leaders belonging to both ruling and opposition fronts, having strong ties and properties in Tamil Nadu , are pressurizing Kerala government for distributing more land, the letter said.Grievances among native workers are being ignored while choosing the beneficiaries for free distribution of land. This further adds to tension, the report said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh road", "code": "15454915", "title": "Royal Hyderabadi treat for guests at Rais\u2019 iftaar", "text": "CHANDIGARH ROAD: Saturday's iftaar was an occasion for cousins Rais Khan and Abdul Hafiz Khan, both chemical engineers, to break their fast together along with their families at the Rais residence in Sector 32, Chandigarh Road.And the 'Hyderabadi biryani' cooked by Rais' wife Zareena Begum added a south Indian flavour to their dinner and left the guests licking their fingers.Rais, who came to Ludhiana 20 years ago from Faridabad, fasts with his family\u2014wife Zareena, 12-year-old son Aqib and 20-year-old daughter Sajda. \"All of us observe 'roza' during Ramzan and break our fast together. The iftaar becomes all the more pious when guests like Abdul join us,\" said Rais.He said his family waits for the holy month of Ramzan eagerly as this is the time to earn blessings and purify ones soul. \"At iftaar, we normally have dates and a lot of fruits and juices apart from some home made snacks like 'pakodas',\" Rais added.His cousin Abdul Hafiz attended Rais' iftaar with his wife Karieman Begum and son Sartaj. The two families broke their fast together, offered evening prayers and sat down for a sumptuous dinner. \"My wife cooked 'Hyderabadi biryani', chicken 'korma' and 'keema' for dinner,\" said Rais.His wife Zareena added, \"I learned to cook 'Hyderabadi biryani' in Delhi a few years ago and love to serve it to my family and guests on special occasions like iftaar. Besides, chicken 'korma' and 'keema' is cooked at our home almost daily during Ramzan. I also made a 'chutney' of mint, tomatoes and curd.\"Abdul Hafiz said he was touched by his cousin's hospitality. \"Inviting others to break fast during iftaar is considered one of the best deeds and Rais even feeds poor people during Ramzan, which is a great deed on his part,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15457180", "title": "HC asks AICTE to probe if colleges running unapproved courses", "text": "NEW DELHI: The All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) has been asked by the Delhi High Court to probe into an allegation that various engineering colleges are conducting unapproved courses.Disposing of a plea for direction to colleges to stop unapproved courses, a bench of Acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw asked AICTE, the regulatory body for technical education, to carry out a thorough probe and apprise it of its findings within four months.\"We dispose of the writ petition with a direction to the AICTE to undertake thorough enquiry and investigation into the matter preferably within four months. The outcome of the said investigation in the form of status report shall be filed in this court,\" the bench said.The court order came after the AICTE counsel told the bench that the statutory body would examine the allegations by conducting an \"in-depth\" enquiry into the matter.The court's order came on a public interest litigation petition, filed by Shabad Welfare Society of Allahabad, seeking directions to various technical institutions to stop running unapproved courses and caution the public against taking admission in such courses not approved by the AICTE.According to the petitioner, many institutions have been running the unapproved courses like BSc and MSc in various disciplines in their colleges despite notices from AICTE.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "15453808", "title": "Sadashiva report: SC, ST members to protest today", "text": "DHARWAD: The members of various scheduled castes and scheduled tribes have urged the state government to reject Justice Sadashiva Committee report.Banjara community Development Association president Pandurang Pammar told reporters here on Saturday that several organizations will jointly take out a procession in Dharwad on Monday from Kalabhavan to deputy commissioner's office, urging the government to reject the Justice A J Sadashiva Committee report. He said that the report has created a division among the scheduled castes by proposing internal reservation. The report has proposed that of the 15 per cent reservation given to the scheduled castes should be further divided into left hand, right hand, touchables and others. Of this, the report has proposed to provide 11 per cent reservation to the left hand (6 pc) and right hand (5 pc) and the remaining majority of the communities should be given only four per cent.He said, this division by the committee is unscientific and has been brought out following political pressure. He alleged that the purpose of the committee is to divide the scheduled caste and will not help the downtrodden in any way.Unfortunately, the committee, instead of proposing new measures has batted for internal reservation, Pammar said.He pressed the government to invite grievance from the community members before accepting the report and overcome the loopholes in the report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15455747", "title": "Constable jumps off Gandhi Bridge after accident", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 39-year-old constable with Narcotics Control Bureau (NCB) jumped off Gandhi Bridge on Thursday, after his car rammed into two bikers and the crowd started gathering around him. His body was fished out on Friday. Police found identity card of Surendra Dantaniya from the deceased.\"Dantaniya had started off from his residence for the office on Thursday and was passing from Gandhi Bridge when his car met with the accident,\" police said. Dantaniya initially tried to reason with them but sensed that he might be assaulted and in that fear jumped off the bridge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15461050", "title": "Alliance for safe food established in Chandigarh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: An alliance for safe food has been established in Chandigarh on the initiative of Kheti Virasat Mission (KVM) with like-minded socio-cultural organisations of the tricity.At a meeting organised on Sunday, Umendra Dutt, the executive director of KVM, said the alliance will promote organic food through various events and workshops for residents in the tricity of Chandigarh, Panchkula and Mohali. \"The initiative is part of the 'India for Safe Food' movement which is currently underway in various cities of the country. The Chandigarh-based alliance will act as a support base for the movement in north India,\" he added.While discussing the damaging impact of pesticide use in agriculture on human health, the alliance members talked about strategies to provide organic food at the doorsteps of the residents. \"Besides acting as a platform between organic farmers and consumers, the alliance will also educate people on how to grow their own food in limited urban space,\" said Gaurav Sahai, a city-based organic farmer who initiated Sattva, a group of organic food lovers.Those present during the meeting included consumer rights' activists, health professionals, lawyers, business executives, students as well as housewives. The 'Safe Food' alliance includes various socio-cultural organisations including, Aawaaz, Servants of the People's Society, Sattva Farms, Daanish Foundation, Preetlarhi, Developing Indigenous Resources, Punjab Manch, Environmental Health Action Group, Bharatiya Gharahk Panchayat, Panchnad Research Institute, Voluntary Health Association of Punjab, Chandigarh Consumers' Forum, Support Initiatives in Development Trust, Dr Dharamvir Singh Bhatia Smarak Samiti, Giri Soft Tech, Yuva Dharti, Patanjali Yog Samiti, Progressive Lawyers' Forum and Citizens' Voice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15455057", "title": "BMTF files for 15 years destroyed in November 2011 fire", "text": "BANGALORE: The Bangalore Metropolitan Task Force (BMTF), the only agency empowered to probe corrupt employees in the BBMP, BDA and BWSSB, lost crucial files in a fire at the BBMP headquarters in November 2011.The BMTF revealed this to ex-mayor PR Ramesh, who had sought information through an RTI application dated May 8. Ramesh had sought certified copies of cases handled by the BMTF pertaining to the BDA, BBMP and BWSSB since 1997-98. The BMTF said all the documents were burnt in the fire on November 19, 2011.\"The applicant may seek these files from the urban development department,\" the response read. When Ramesh approached the urban development department, he was told the department had no information.\"I wonder about the functioning of BMTF as an effective vigilance wing,\" Ramesh told STOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15458229", "title": "I am a huge fan of A R Rahman: Manas Kumar", "text": "While Manas Kumar, a young violinist from Assam , is painfully shy and mostly answers in monosyllables and short sentences, all that hardly matters when he plays the violin. Recently, his amazing performance in the city drew a loud round of applause from Barodians.Manas, who has won prestigious awards and a scholarship from the government for his special talent, says, \"There should be more shows to promote awareness about classical music but at the same time, you will never get quick entertainment at such programmes. May be, we can do some classical based fusion shows as well, which are hits with the young crowd. But unless you make serious efforts, you won't be able to really enjoy an evening of classical music.\"Asked about his musical journey , Manas shares, \"Actually, my father had wanted me to become a singer. But I was interested in violin, since my father used to play the instrument. One fine day, I started playing the violin on my own and my father liked what he heard. So, he started teaching me. I was about five years old then. Next, he took me to his guru Indreshwar Sharma and I learnt under him for five years. After that, I started learning under Pandit Bidyut Misra in Guwahati and he has been my guru for well over a decade now. He has been instrumental in teaching me about the gayaki ang (vocal style).\"Asked about his favorite violinists, he says, \"I just love listening to N Rajam and L Subramaniam. And apart from violinists, I am a huge fan of A R Rahman.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15454226", "title": "Mega block today: Harbour &amp; Western line services to be hit", "text": "MUMBAI: Harbour line services between Panvel /Belapur /Vashi and Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus (CST) will remain suspended between 10.20am and 3.40pm on Sunday due to mega block. However, special local trains will run on the CST-Kurla section and the Mankhurd-Panvel section during the block period.On Western Railway, a block will be in place for five hours from 10.35am to 3.35pm on the Up local lines (slow line) between Santa Cruz and Mumbai Central stations. During this period, all Up slow trains will run on the fast corridor between Santa Cruz and Mumbai Central stations. These diverted trains will not halt at Matunga Road, Elphinstone Road, Lower Parel and Mahalaxmi stations.Western Railway passengers can travel in the opposite direction for their destinations between Bandra and Mumbai Central stations. All 12-car slow services will make a double halt at Lower Khar Road and Mahim Junction stations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15453921", "title": "Civic body identifies agency to run intelligent traffic system", "text": "PUNE: Three years after setting up the Rs 16-crore Intelligent Traffic System (ITS) in the city, the civic administration has identified an agency to run it.In the past two years, tenders for appointing a third party to run the system were called twice. However, the proposals were not approved by the standing committee.In a new proposal tabled before the standing committee on Thursday, the administration stated that a private agency has been identified to run the system. The agency should have a system for issuing receipts to the traffic violators and collecting the fine. While the agency would be paid certain fee for the management of the system, the fine amount would go to the PMC and the traffic police.If the committee cleared the proposal, the agency will start running the system.The ITS, housed at Swargate, is functioning and has been collecting data on traffic violations. However, the authorities had not used this data to initiate action against offenders.In February 2010, the standing committee rejected private participation in running the system and the project was deferred. A few months later, some influential corporators pushed for implementation of the system, saying that it was necessary to improve the traffic situation and that the corporation would initiate the process of appointing an agency as soon as possible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15453546", "title": "Experts present roadmap for Jharkhand's success", "text": "RANCHI: The Right to Fair Compensation, Resettlement and Rehabilitation and Transparency in Land Acquisition Bill will be introduced and passed in the ongoing monsoon session of Parliament, Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh said on Saturday, summing up the panel discussion on 'Jharkhand: Land of Promises' organized by The Times of India in association with the state government's information and public relation department. He was addressing the concerns and queries raised by a galaxy of luminaries putting their views across on the slow rate of development of the mineral-rich Jharkhand.\"Jharkhand, with around 40% of the country's mineral reserves, can make it to the list of the most developed states if it can ensure sustainable mining, proper rehabilitation of the displaced and livelihood to even those in the remotest areas through skill development,\" said Ramesh. He expressed hope that the Right to Fair Compensation, Resettlement and Rehabilitation and Transparency in Land Acquisition Bill will address all these problems as it law will provide flexibility in land acquisition and empower the state to take decisions freely. At the same time, it will ensure proper rehabilitation of displaced families.S K Satpathy, principal secretary of water resources, emphasized that along with industrial development, the state must also focus on agriculture. \"We have released water in canals of Subarnarekha Multipurpose Project (SMP), an issue that has been pending since 1978. I am sure this will bring significant change in the way people - including displaced families along the canals - live,\" he said.SMP administrator Rahul Sharma , who led the skill development mission as deputy commissioner of Gumla before his current assignment, said skill enhancement of youths will be key to growth.Principal secretary of personnel and administrative training N N Sinha on the other hand underscored the need to set up down stream industries. \"We have companies that produce steel, but there are very few down stream industries that can use these products. The need of the hour in Jharkhand is to set up more down stream industries that will help add value to products and also generate employment,\" he said.Sharing his experience on development, director of Indian Institute of Management (IIM), Ranchi, MJ Xavier said that a place like Jharkhand can progress only if rural area is developed. \"Based on the experience of my native village in Tamil Nadu, which today has best roads and schools, I can say that we can achieve similar development if remote villages are developed,\" said Xavier.Economist and professor of Ranchi University Ramesh Sharan, however, emphasized on urgent need for change in policies and make them more people centric. \"Unless we are able to change the policies and make them people-centric things will not change for the better,\" said Sharan.Managing director of Jharcraft Dhirendra Kumar, who has been leading the crusade for employment generation through handicraft and tasar silk cultivation, said they are planning to ensure jobs to at least five lakh people in the years to come. \"We can ensure a income of at least Rs 35,000-40,000 in just 45 days by engaging them in organic tasar cultivation,\" said Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "toronto", "code": "15458759", "title": "Indo-Canadians celebrate India Day", "text": "TORONTO: Over 20,000 Indo-Canadians gathered in the heart of Toronto to celebrate India Day and display the country's rich heritage and cultural diversity through a traditional parade, days ahead of the Independence Day.Despite bad weather, the day began with hoisting of the national flag by Indian High Commissioner S M Gavai on Se.Also present on the occasion were Preeti Saran, Consul General of India; Ajit Khanna, Chair Panorama India; Harinder Takhar, Ontario Minister for Government Services; Senator Asha Seth, representatives of Federal and Provincial government and other dignitaries.Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper , Ontario Premier Dalton McGuinty and Mayor of Toronto Rob Ford sent messages of greetings to mark the occasion.In his message, Harper said: \"I am pleased to extend my warmest greetings to everyone attending the India Day Festival and parade hosted by Panorama India, marking the 65th Anniversary of India's Independence.\"Commending contributions made by Indo-Canadians, Harper said: \"Inspired by their heritage, Indo-Canadians have brought the best of India to Canada , making valuable contributions in all fields of endeavour. Your efforts have not only helped our nation to thrive, but have deepened the bonds between our two countries.\"Ontario Premier Dalton McGuinty said: \"India is a nation with a vibrant culture and economy. Across the globe, people from India and those of Indian descent are making their mark in every field of endeavour. Ontario is proud to be home to a dynamic and diverse Indo-Canadian community.\"The event was followed by the traditional India Day Parade which has gone green this year, as it used well- decorated hand-pulled Rickshaws instead of the gas guzzling trucks and floats.The parade displayed the rich cultural heritage of various Indian states and Union Territories and featured dance and music with a distinctly Indian flavour.The parade consisted of thousands of Indian people, all in traditional, colourful Indian clothing. Many women danced traditionally, twirling delicately as their bracelets jingled.Dundas Square was flooded with women wearing traditional bright saris and people chatting in a variety of languages.The parade took approximately an hour and travelled south on Yonge Street, West on Queen Street, North on Bay Street and then returned to the Square traveling East on Dundas.As part of the cultural programme, performers like Amit Arya, Shweta Subram and renowned Kathak dancer Uma Sharma from India presented their programmes.Sakshi Sharma, who for the first time witnessed the India parade, said: \"They're just so excited to see the parade.\"I think it's fantastic that this event draws such a crowd because we should be celebrating different Indian cultures in a city that embraces so many people from everywhere.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15448363", "title": "Rohit pays workers from his own pocket", "text": "Workers, who built the sets of Bol Bachchan, are finally a happy lot. After the second cheque of `24,55, 654, issued by the producers, Shree Ashtavinayak Cine Vision Ltd bounced last month, director Rohit Shetty took matters in his own hands.And on Friday, he gave a cheque from his personal account to Prem Singh Thakur, the representative of the workers and chairman of the Allied Mazdoor Union. It seems that a majority of these daily wage workers are Muslims and needed the money, with Eid coming up. A source told us that the union representatives met Rohit to apprise him of the situation, who in turn assured them that he'd do his best for them. \"These workers are paid on a daily basis and it's been quite some time since the film released. So, Rohit paid them from his own pocket,\" our source said. Needless to say, the workers were thankful to Rohit for his timely help and consider this cheque as their Eidi in advance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15455330", "title": "VVIPs\u2019 security beefed up in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: A day after agitating ABVP activists broke the security cordon and tried to enter the CM's camp office in Begumpet, security has been beefed up at the VVIP residence on Saturday.Restrictions were imposed even on journalists. The mediamen, who were earlier allowed to enter the CM's camp office lane, have now been asked to stay near the Manjeera Guest House. Director-general of police V Dinesh Reddy held a review meeting with Hyderabad police commissioner Anurag Sharma and additional director-general (Intelligence) Mahender Reddy and sought an explanation as to how such a serious security lapse took place, especially when chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy was at the camp office.Dinesh Reddy instructed the senior officials to be extra vigilant and further strengthen security around the camp office. Sources said that Dinesh Reddy had directed the commissioner to take action against the officers who failed to stop the agitating ABVP activists from entering the camp office.Anurag Sharma told STOI that they were inquiring into the security lapse. \"We have beefed up the security by increasing number of security personnel around the CM's camp office,'' Sharma added. Police were ill-prepared for the Friday protest despite knowing well that ABVP activists were trying to lay siege to places like the CM's camp office, ministers' quarters and other high-security areas since Friday morning. The 18 ABVP activists who took part in the flash protest were remanded in judicial custody. Cases were registered against them under sections 143 (Being member of an unlawful assembly), 149 (Every member of unlawful assembly guilty of offence committed in prosecution of common object), 353(Assault or use of criminal force to deter a public servant from discharge of his duty), 188 (Disobedience to order duly promulgated by public servant), 427(Mischief causing damage to the amount of fifty rupees), 448 (House-trespass) of the Indian Penal Code ( IPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15455628", "title": "Akola Digest", "text": "'Job racket active in Akola'Akola: District chief of Chhava Sanghtana and member of Akola Zilla Parishad Dr Shankarrao Wakode alleged that a job racket gang is active in the district. The gang is cheating jobless youths by lakhs of rupees by promising 'good jobs' in Saudi Arabia but actually recruiting them as labourers.Briefing presspersons on Friday noon, Wakode said, \"On such youth Shaikh Nadim Shaikh Ahmad, a driver, was duped of Rs65,000 after the gang sent him to Saudi Arabia for a driver's job. But, After reaching the foreign land, Nadim was asked to do a labourer's job. Being a driver he objected to the work for which he was illegally confined for three days without food.\"After due follow-up Nadim was brought back to India. He was present in the press conference and narrated his tale of woes to the mediamen.Dr Wakode said, \"A person named Salim is the broker in the business.\"Talathi, kotwal suspendedAkola: Talathi SD Tayde and kotwal Vishnu Chavan of Ner Dhamna village in Telhara taluka of Akola district were suspended for committing irregularities. The charges against the duo were that they had distributed the government grant to their relatives while depriving eligible beneficiaries of the same. They also did not distribute the cop compensation money to the eligible farmers. Subdivisional officer (civil) Narendra Tapre suspended the talathi while tehsildar suspended the Kotwal from service.Fake notes deposited in SBIAkola: Fake currency notes worth Rs32,000 were found deposited in three branches of State Bank of India on Friday. The notes are of Rs1,000, Rs500 and Rs100 denomination. Chief manager of SBI Rajan Sontakke lodged a complaint with the police who registered an offence under section 489 of IPC against unknown persons. Ten notes of Rs1,000 denomination, 20 notes of Rs500 and six notes of Rs100 were found in the main branch of SBI while three notes of Rs1,000 and six notes of Rs500 were found in Old City branch. In the third case, three notes of Rs1,000 and 4 notes of Rs500 were found in Malkapur branch.Two gambling dens raided, 14 arrestedWardha: Local crime branch arrested 14 persons and seized Rs2.30 lakh in raids on two gambling dens in the city on Friday night. Acting on a tip-off LCB sleuths raided the residence of Lakshimikant Chaudhari at Old MHADA Colony and arrested eight persons. Seeing the police van Chaudhari fled from his house but the cops were successful eight of his accomplices and seized Rs1.81 lakh from them.In the second incident cops raided the residence of Venkatrao Hinge and nabbed six gamblers. Rs46,840 was seized from them.Robber arrestedWardha: The local crime branch arrested a robber from Akola who was absconding in a robbery case on Friday. According to information, Vishal Vase, a resident of Pulgaon, had lodged a complaint with Dahegaon police about a robbery in his home on July 2. The LCB was in search for the robber. On Friday, the LCB received a tip-off that 17-year-old robber Jitun Jadhav was hiding in Mahagaon of Barsi takali in Akola district. Cops arrested Jadhav from his village and recovered the booty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "faridabad", "code": "15454874", "title": "Faridabad gangrape: Medical report proves assault", "text": "FARIDABAD: The man detained on Friday in connection with the gangrape of a DJB employee in Faridabad has been arrested. The victim has identified the accused as Inderjeet who had allegedly called and pleaded with the woman from Delhi to come to Faridabad, sources said.The Sector-55 police confirmed on Saturday that they had got the medical report of the victim. The report, besides confirming rape, also mentions about unnatural sex with the victim, sources claimed. \"We will try to arrange for counselling for the woman,'' said an officer.Police also raided several places across Haryana, UP and Delhi to arrest the rest of the eight accused.The 23-year-old woman, employed with Delhi Jal Board, was allegedly gang-raped by her acquaintance and at least seven others before being dumped near the Agra-Delhi highway.According to the complaint, Inderjeet called up the victim on Thursday night and asked her to mediate between him and the victim's friend as they were having 'problems' in their relationship. The victim was asked to meet Inderjeet near the Britannia factory. On reaching the spot, the victim found Inderjeet standing with several of his friends. The accused then abducted her,\" the FIR states.The FIR also mentions how the girl was forced to gulp alcohol by the accused while raping her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15459574", "title": "45 live cartridges go missing from police van in Jaipur", "text": "JAIPUR: Forty-five live rifle cartridges went missing from a police van in walled city area here.A police party led by a head constable was on patrolling duty from Jaleb Chowk to Manak Chowk late on Friday night when the police rifle cartridges were found to be missing, Mahendra Singh, Deputy Commissioner of Police, Jaipur North said.\"The cartridges went missing from the van. It came to light when one of the members checked the cartridges after the vehicle halted at a place,\" he said.Authorities have sounded alert across the state.There were four policemen in the van when the cartridges went missing, Singh said, adding, the matter is being probed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "15455224", "title": "Varavara Rao slams move to ban Revolutionary Democratic Front", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The Revolutionary Democratic Front (RDF) president condemned the proposed ban on his organization under the AP Public Security Act. The Director General of Police has already recommended that the ban on CPI Maoists and other mass organizations including RDF be extended for one more year, the organization claimed.The RDF central committee's newly elected president Varavara Rao and secretary Raj Kishore alleged that the state wing of RDF has not physically taken its shape except only two members as its president and secretary. Varavara Rao said the state wing was formed three months ago and that it has organised only two press conferences and one round table meeting on the Basaguda encounter in Chattisgarh, in which 20 innocent tribals were killed by the CRPF, and released two booklets so far.According to the leaders, the activities of RDF, which was formed in 2005 at Delhi, are transparent and on democratic lines. When the Supreme Court has stated that having ideology or liking the Maoists ideology was not a crime, why is the state police influencing the government to impose ban on RDF, he asked. He asked whether it is crime of the RDF to raise its voice against the fake encounter of Basaguda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15454719", "title": "Ruckus by students halts Lucknow University counselling", "text": "LUCKNOW: On Saturday morning, when the Lucknow University started the counselling for candidates seeking admission in MA Economics, an economics faculty pointed out anomalies in the admission process. After a heated argument with the economics faculty, the admission coordinator immediately postponed the counselling process.According to the university rules, if a student seeks admission to a different PG course (the subject which he/she does not have while pursuing UG), the student is required to have 55% marks in UG. Also, only 10% of the total seats can be filled up by the non-subject student, i.e. those who do not have a subject in UG which they want to pursue in PG. On these lines, the university can only admit 12 students of a different faculty in economics. The total seats offered in the subject are 120.But, in economics, the number of such students was high and the admission cell overlooked the university's rules.This coaxed the economics faculty to raise questions. Student leaders present on the campus added fuel to the mess. Students who had come to take admissions also pointed out fingers on the faulty admission process.Interestingly, while on one hand, admission coordinator blamed the students who created ruckus as reason for postponing the counselling, university vice-chancellor attributed the anomalies that took place during the counselling for the postponement. University officials informed that the new date for economics counselling will be decided on Monday.On behalf of the vice-chancellor, university spokesperson Prof Rajesh Mishra said, \"The counselling for economics was stopped after it came to light that wrong admissions have been done. There was some problem in the merit list too. As per the university's rule, only 10% of students belonging to other faculty can take admission in PG courses. University is fully aware of the issue and assures that all wrong admissions done will be cancelled.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15459022", "title": "BJP demands immediate sops to farmers", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Accusing the UPA government at the Centre of failing to help drought-affected farmers, BJP today demanded immediate steps to halt repayment of loan and provide Rs 10,000 relief per acre.\"The Centre has failed to provide adequate relief for drought-hit farmers. It should immediately release interim instalment of relief to states without any prejudice,\" BJP Kisan Morcha President O P Dhankar told reporters here.Threatening to launch a nation-wide stir against hike in prices of fertilisers and to seek immediate relief for drought-hit farmers, he said interest on agriculture loan should be abolished and loan repayment be stopped till the next crop in view of monsoon failure in many parts.The government should also immediately declare drought relief of Rs 10,000 per acre and roll back the increase in the prices of fertilisers, Dhankar said adding farmers from across the country would stage a demonstration in Delhi on August 20.BJP President Nitin Gadkari and senior leader Rajnath Singh who would sit on dharna in support of the farmers, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15458679", "title": "Tele-medicine for diabetics", "text": "Mumbai: Can information, communication and telephonic intervention help in managing chronic diseases? Can counseling and conversation be an advantage for those suffering from chronic disorders? The answer is yes. The way information and communication is changing the face of the world, it has also brought in sea change in managing diseases. Medicine is no longer just prescription, medicament but more of personal involvement and touch for better healing to manage diseases.Dr Pradeep Gadge, diabetologist from western suburb said \"The prevalence of diabetes-especially type 2 diabetes-continues to rise in metros. And the important factors contributing to it are genetics and unhealthy lifestyle, which makes diabetes a serious concern\".India has the world's largest diabetic population, with an estimated 62 million people diagnosed with the condition, according to the Indian Council of Medical Research-India Diabetes study.Dr Gadge added that, \"Curtailing diabetes is a daily challenge and p atients should be screened for pre-diabetes and medical and lifestyle interventions should occur early. Patients who have type 2 diabetes should be counseled on treating and managing the condition, including lifestyle changes (diet) that can curtail or reverse disease progression\"According to Swastham, an initiative started in India; dietician and counselor led telephonic intervention program for patients, there was a three per cent reduction from baseline. The virtual program of Swastham, which included no face-to-face contact with patients post Rx, is economically feasible and can be implemented almost anywhere, anytime.Dr Somesh, medical adviser of the program said, \"The concept of tele-health emerged as a way for us to know what was happening in the patient's home, so we could target the interventions at a time when it was most important for the patient to get the information. We thought this way we could have more of an effect on outcomes.''Swastham's sugar management tele-team of experts havingDieticians and Counselor are presently at par with global levels. Swastham's unique team of dieticians, diabetes counselors and patient care executives ensuring better control of sugar are a call distance away.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15455223", "title": "Builders threatening to cancel bookings: Buyers", "text": "NOIDA: The Greater Noida Authority (GNIDA) might be claiming that it is one step away from getting clearance for Master Plan 2021 from the NCR planning board, but there is no end in sight to the troubles of Noida Extension homebuyers. The buyers allege that several developers have been making unfair demands for extra payments. They have been threatening to cancel their bookings if they don't pay up. The buyers plan to gather at the Noida Extension roundabout on Sunday and present their grievances. They want clear guidelines from the developers.The buyers also claim that several developers have been sending them demand as well as cancellation letters, either demanding extra payments or informing them about cancellation of their bookings on flimsy grounds.\"Several big developers have sent out cancellation letters to hundreds of flat buyers, particularly those, whose initial bookings were affected by the Supreme Court order denotifying land in Shahberi,\" said Abhishek Kumar of the buyers' umbrella body Noida Extension Flat Owners' Welfare Association. \"These developers were supposed to shift the affected buyers to alternative locations or offer them refunds along with interest. As Master Plan 2021 is about to be approved soon, developers have instead started making unethical demands. The developers are now offering us refund cheques, fudging numbers and claiming that we have not paid a part of the due instalments. Hence, they are sending out cancellation letters asking buyers to collect their refunds,\" he said.\"I had booked a flat with one of the major developers in an upcoming project in Noida extension area. My booking was part of the Shahberi land. After the Court order, I went online and got an alternative flat. The developer, however, did not give any formal receipt in hard copy. Then, in December, I received a cancellation letter from the developer asking me to take my money back since my original booking was rendered useless by the denotification,\" said Shahdab Anwar, a buyer. \"Several rounds of communication with the developer yielded no results and in April this year, the last time I went to the developer's office, I realized that the registration number that I had got online after taking the alternative flat, had been allotted to someone else. While my money is still with the developer, I am clueless about the status of my booking,\" Anwar said.\"We have made a list of the developers responsible for such practices. We have collated the details of the cancellation letters, demand letters, etc received,\" Devender Kumar, another buyer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15454827", "title": "Don't turn Gurgaon into a Faridabad", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15454123", "title": "In maiden speech, Ryan slams Obama", "text": "Paul Ryan, the Republican vice-presidential pick, on Saturday lashed out at the US President, especially for what he alleged as the \"failed\" economic policies and said Barack Obama was part of the problem. \"Regrettably, President Obama has become part of the problem...and Mitt Romney is the solution,\" Ryan said in his maiden public address, in Norfolk Virginia. Meanwhile, Obama's campaign warned on Saturday that Paul Ryan stands for \"flawed\" economic policies that would repeat \"catastrophic\" past mistakes. \"As a member of Congress, Ryan rubber-stamped the reckless Bush economic policies that exploded our deficit and crashed our economy,\" Obama's campaign manager Jim Messina said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15455879", "title": "BJP slams Centre, state for not solving influx problem", "text": "GUWAHATI: The BJP has come down heavily on the Congress-ruled central and state governments, accusing that no steps have been taken yet to solve the infiltration problem in the state even as the Assam Accord is going to complete 27 years of signing on August 15 this year.Talking to the media here on Saturday, BJP spokesperson and former MP Sarbananda Sonowal said the Centre and the state government showed lack of seriousness in solving the protracted problem of influx from Bangladesh despite commitments in the Accord.\"The signing of Assam Accord is going to complete 27 years on August 15. Yet, the Centre and the state government have failed to make any serious attempt to stop infiltration of Bangladeshis. The social fabric of Assam is facing a threat because of influx,\" alleged Sonowal.\"The Accord was signed after six years of intensive movement and sacrifice of 855 lives to find a permanent solution to influx. Today, the indigenous people are going to be swept by the Bangladeshis. There is gross neglect on the part of the government in detection and deportation of foreigners,\" he said.He, however, clarified that by indigenous people he meant communities irrespective of their religious affiliations. \"Indigenous people may be Hindus, Muslims, Christians, Buddhists, Jains or may belong to any other religious groups. Now with the influx, the existence of the indigenous people is facing a threat,\" added Sonowal.The BJP leader said the inability to stop influx was further compounded by the failure to seal the Indo-Bangla international border, non-resumption of National Register of Citizens (NRC) updating process and poor international border management.\"It is very sad to think that despite the threat posed by influx, little is being done to seal the border, resume NRC update and manage the riverine part of the India-Bangladesh border. These should have done long before. But the tragic part is nothing has been done even after tripartite talks between Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , state government and All Assam Students Union in 2005,\" said Sonowal.Sonowal claimed that border-fencing on the 220 km along international border is in poor state.\"In contrast to India-Bangladesh border in Assam, the India-Pakistan border in Jammu and Kashmir, Punjab and Rajasthan is much better and well managed. If an international fencing in mountainous terrain of Jammu and Kashmir can be better managed, why can't the same be done in the plains?\" asked Sonowal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15455856", "title": "Government to order judicial probe into ethnic clashes", "text": "GUWAHATI: The state government will order a judicial inquiry into the recent ethnic clashes in lower Assam while the CBI has taken up seven riot cases in a parallel investigation.\"We are ordering a judicial probe to investigate into the clashes on a larger scale, find lapses on part of the government and recommend steps to be taken by the government to ensure that such clashes do not occur in future,\" chief minister Tarun Gogoi said here on Saturday.Gogoi said, \"CBI has selected seven cases on their own and it will look into the criminal conspiracy and find the culprits. The judicial enquiry will go beyond this.\"A CBI team visited the riot-affected areas on Friday and selected seven cases to look into out of the total 309 cases registered with the Assam Police. The seven cases will be registered after the home ministry issues the notification of investigation. The state government on Tuesday formally approached the CBI to investigate the recent clashes.Gogoi also mulled an all-party effort to build confidence among the inmates of relief camps and persuade them to return to their homes.About 1.63 lakh inmates of relief camps have already left for their homes and 101 camps have been closed down. The government has also put in place 104 fixed police pickets at all the affected villages, but more than 2.5 lakh people are still in the camps, unwilling to return home yet.Gogoi said the government is persuading the people to return to their homes. \"The rehabilitation is a problem now. We are trying to build confidence among the people. We need cooperation from all parties,\" Gogoi said, adding that he plans to call an all-party meeting to help the government carry out rehabilitation.\"We may have political differences, but we have to put politics aside for sometime and join hands to help the people return to their houses,\" Gogoi said.\"BJP has been criticizing Congress and holding Bangladeshi infiltrators responsible for the clashes. I am saying that this allegation is false and all the affected people are Indian citizens. BJP has no right to call an Indian citizen a Bangladeshi. But to help the riot-affected people, we need the help and cooperation of the BJP as well,\" Gogoi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15461733", "title": "Mumbai youngsters campaign for vegetarianism", "text": "MUMBAI: On August 9, Thursday, a group of youngsters gathered at Horniman Circle in the city and painted the Indian Tri-colour holding a placard that said, \"Need of the hour: Vegetarianism\". Organised by NGO People for Animal Liberation (PAL), the idea was to give the message of taking up vegetarianism and giving up killing of living beings. PAL undertook such demonstrations all over the country on the same day.\"The culture of vegetarianism began from India and India alone has to take it forward, if our nation forgets it then we see no other nation, which can establish the idealism of vegetarianism. In the country of priests and non-violence, vegetarianism is certainly the need of the hour,\" said PAL's campaign coordinator, Devang Gala. Aradhya Taraiya, the campaign coordinator for PAL said, \"Just because animals cannot speak doesn't give us the right to abuse them and this is the reason why these youngsters are here to speak on their behalf. Like humans, animals too have equal rights to live on earth and we have to come forward to protect their rights.\"In order to declare August 9 as 'Vegetarian Day' PAL has also written to the Chief Minister of Maharashtra, Shri Prithvi Raj Chavan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "15459653", "title": "Updating the village maps in Bardez.", "text": "Mapusa: The directorate of settlement and land records is under taking survey for the purpose of updating the maps within the villages of Calangute, Anjuna, Thivim, Batora , Corjuem and Mapusa city of Bardez taluka.The updating survey maps is in accordance with the provision laid down by sub section (2) of Section 4 of Goa Land Revenue Rules 2003. The draft updated maps are kept open for inspection by public for a period of 30 days staring from 27th July.The place of inspection is the office of inspector of survey and land records, Bardez taluka, city survey office, government office complex at Mapusa. The pubic if have any objections are to be submitted to inspector of survey and land records Mapusa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "bareilly", "code": "15454625", "title": "Bareilly in grip of communal violence", "text": "BAREILLY: Following incidents of violence and it subsequently assuming the proportion of a communal riot, district administration has imposed curfew in Bareilly's Jagatpur area on Saturday.According to police sources, at around 7.30 p.m., a communal clash broke out between two communities in Jagatpur area of Bareilly during a huge procession on account of Janmashtami. Brick-batting and heavy firing took place between two rival groups in which many are feared to be injured seriously.District magistrate Abhishek Anand said, \"Keeping note of sensitivity in the area, the district administration has imposed immediate curfew in Jagatpur areas as of now. However, situation is under control in rest of the city and the administration would keep strict vigil and continuous patrolling in entire city to avoid any untoward incident further.\"The trouble started when on Friday evening, police were trying to ban the use of loudspeaker at a place of worship in Bhojipura, Jogi Navada and Haziapur areas on account of Janamashtami. Angry locals especially women of the areas opposed the police stand, staged a protest and even pelted stones at police.According to sources, police forcefully got the loudspeakers removed from the places of worship after members of the particular community objected to it. The incident gradually flared up into a protest soon. However, a team of administrative officials along with heavy police force rushed to the spot and pacified the situation.Over the issue, district magistrate Abhishek Anand denied the incident of stone pelting and said, \"After recent communal clash, the district administration had drawn up a riot action plan and has restricted the usage of loudspeakers at religious places. And on that basis, we removed the loudspeakers but now the situation in under control now. It was a small ruckus created by villagers over the ban on loudspeaker.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "gurgaon/new delhi", "code": "15461957", "title": "Geetika suicide: Raid at MDLR office, Kanda elusive 5th day", "text": "GURGAON/NEW DELHI: The office of the MDLR group in Gurgaon was today raided by Delhi police in the ex-airhostess Geetika Sharma suicide case even as the prime accused and former Haryana minister Gopal Kanda remained elusive for the fifth day.The police custody of Aruna Chaddha, an accused in the case, was meanwhile extended by a day by a Delhi court after the police claimed it has recently recovered an e-mail in which Geetika is stated to have talked about her wish to build a career on her own.A Delhi police team took Aruna along with it during the raid at MDLR office and seized various documents and scanned computers, sources said.The team which also comprised some women police officers remained at the four-storey office building at the posh Sector 15 in Gurgaon for around two hours.Apparently depressed over continuous mental harassment allegedly by Kanda, 23-year-old Sharma took the extreme step at her Ashok Vihar residence in north-west Delhi.In her suicide note, Sharma, who quit Kanda's company recently, accused the former minister of torturing her mentally after she left the job.The Delhi police told the court that it has recently recovered an e-mail written by Geetika to Chaddha where she had said..\"I will build my career on my own..no matter how many obstacles one puts in my way.\"Additional public prosecutor Rajiv Mohan argued the e-mail goes to show that Geetika was being forced to join MDLR by Chaddha and claimed that that the word \"one\" refers to Kanda.\"The mail shows that Kanda was creating obstacles in her way by persuasions, allurements and even threats to keep her in MDLR even as she wanted to get out of it,\" the APP told Metropolitan Magistrate Sumedh Kumar Sethi.Advocate B S Rana, who appeared for Chaddha, opposed the plea for police custody, saying presence of the accused is no more required for recovering any documents.He also argued that police is seeking her custody only to \"fabricate\" evidence against her.Chaddha was arrested on August 8 after she was called in for questioning by the police, while Kanda ignored police summons to him to appear before them after rejection of his request for more time made through his counsel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15455324", "title": "Azad Maidan protest: Organizers, police expected 1,000 protestors, 50,000 came", "text": "Violence during Saturday's protest meeting at Azad Maidan appeared to catch its organizers and even the small posse of policemen present completely off-guard. None expected a crowd of 50,000 supporters to show up. A dozen Sunni Muslim organizations, which had given a call for a march to the maidan, had made arrangements for about a 1,000 supporters. But as the crowds swelled, the maidan's eastern part opposite the BMC headquarters, where the stage had been erected, turned out to be too small to accommodate the protestors. They began to spill over on the roads.\"We had expected a crowd of 1,000 to 1,500. We don't know how so many people converged ,\" said Ahmed Raza, one of the organizers. Saeed Noorie of Raza Academy said he too was shocked. \"Just 1,500 chairs had been ordered,\" he said. Shamsher Khan Pathan, a retired assistant commissioner of police and leader of Awami Vikas Party, though, said he had informed a senior police officer on Friday that the rally would attract at least 40,000 supporters. \"The message (for the rally) went out through SMSes and I knew there would be a huge crowd. The police did not deploy adequate personnel.\"The meeting began around 1pm. Speakers, comprising senior clerics and activists, fulminated against the Congress-led Assam government and the Centre for alleged failure to stop killings of Muslims in Assam.\"The crowd had become restive . We don't know who began fights with the cops. We were appealing to people not to attack the media or the police,\" said Amir Ansari who was on stage when trouble began.Around 3pm, Maulana Moin Ashraf, head of Madrassa Ashrafia Qadriya at Grant Road, led dua, seeking Allah's blessings for the victims in Assam and Myanmar. He even prayed for peace in India. Subsequently, additional commissioner of police Krishna Prasad addressed the crowd, quoting a Quranic verse about Ramzan's piety and appealed for a peaceful protest. But by then, it was too late.Crime branch to probe incidentChief minister Prithviraj Chavan said a crime branch probe has been ordered into why the protest at Azad Maidan turned violent. \"The crime branch has also been asked to probe if it was pre-planned ,\" Chavan said. Patil said it will also be probed if provocative speeches at the event resulted in the violence. Defending police action, Chavan said, \"The fact that 45 of the 54 injured are policemen, displays the restraint shown by police.\" Asked about participation of a controversial retired cop in the protest, Patil said it was being looked into. The government will interact with community leaders to ensure tension does not escalate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15453633", "title": "Farmers hit by poor rains counting on CM's relief", "text": "RANCHI: With chief minister Arjun Munda announcing that he will review drought conditions in the state after August 15, farmers of the affected districts are keeping their fingers crossed hoping for some relief from the government.However, if experts are to be believed, there is little chance of drought being declared as the heavy downpour since July 15 has more or less compensated for the deficit rainfall.Drought condition is determined on the basis of a formula which considers certain meteorological facts, including aridity index, which depends upon soil moisture, rate of evapo-transpiration, rainfall and water retention in the soil.With the resumption of rain in the latter part of monsoon season (June to September), meteorological parameters are less likely to support the numerical figures based on which drought would be declared.Keeping the sowing rate under consideration -a non-scientific parameter for official declaration of drought, which often predicts the nature of agricultural produce in the season - the farmers' claims are varying from what is being projected by the agriculture department.Despite admitting that rains have been scanty in some districts and delayed in almost every part of the state, the directorate of agriculture said the sowing rate is not very alarming till date. Paddy sowing is approaching almost 50% across the state and, if official claims are to be believed, it is likely to touch 80% by August 15 after which the government will review the situation.Agriculture director K K Soan said average paddy coverage in state is approaching 50% because rainfall in districts like Pakur, Latehar, Gumla, Lohardaga and Simdega has been normal or even above normal. He admitted that some districts - including Garhwa, Godda, Khunti and Saraikela - have a rainfall deficit of around 38-40%. \"Because of less rainfall, paddy coverage in these districts is also poor,\" he said.A Wadood, agri-physicist and meteorological adviser at Birsa Agriculture University, said in terms of coverage, maize had been sown in 85% of the target area while pulses and oilseeds have covered 60 and 50% of the net arable land. \"Only paddy has not yet covered 50% of the given area, but we must keep under consideration the fact that the target land for sowing has been increased from 16.6 lakh hectare last year to year to 18 lakh hectare,\" he said.Refusing to blame the delayed monsoon alone, Wadood attributed various other reasons to the low paddy coverage. \"We must admit that there are lapses on the part of the management because of which paddy coverage is poor and other crops are not that bad.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "15454156", "title": "Winged visitors feel at home with Vashi family", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: In a city of posh towers, the Menons of Vashigaon are keeping company of winged visitors who are weaving their homes and a story of togetherness.For the last eight years, a colony of Baya weavers has been visiting the Menons between May and December.The males with their strong conical beaks are frenetically engaged in weaving their nests atop a coconut tree in monsoon, which is their mating season. \"The nests have tube-shaped openings hanging upside down with a secure egg-laying chamber safe from predators,\" said Sashi Menon.\"They are woven and tightly tied in knots in a rather aesthetical mould with parts of coconut leaves and grass that are symbolic of a strong and secure home,\" he added. Baya Weaver, one of the many species of the weaver bird family spanning Africa and Asia, is common to India. Gifted architects, the birds that live in a colony, are known to be \"master-builders\".There are some 80 nests atop the tree, several halfway through with the male birds identified by their yellow-cream plumage on the chest, head and its streaks on their back, engaged in frenetic activity of building their homes. Breeding males develop the plumage, otherwise both male and females resemble house sparrows.\"Males weave their nest halfway and await certification by the females. If she approves the nest, then they are ready to mate,\" said Sashi's wife, Meena.\"However, if she is dissatisfied, the female destroys the nest. The male then has to abandon it and once again strive hard to complete the home from the helmet stage. If the female approves, then she assists in imparting the final touches,\" she added.\"Weaver birds find mention in folklore, mythological stories and poems. In Marathi, they are called 'Sugran' which is also a term used for a Maharashtrian housewife,\" said Adesh Shivkarwho left his lucrative job to start bird-watching tours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15453449", "title": "Kerala University degree rank holders to be feted", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Kerala University union will felicitate this year's degree first rank winners on Monday. The function will be held at the University College at 10am. The students can contact in the numbers 9495924144 and 9447441841 for details.Exam fee: The fee for second year BSc nursing (supplementary- 2006 scheme) exam beginning from September 25 can be paid without fine till September 4 and till September 6 and 7 with fines of Rs 50 and Rs 250 respectively. The students should also remit Rs 300 as CV camp fee in addition to the exam fee. The fee for third year BSc nursing (regular and supplementary- 2006 scheme and old scheme) exam beginning from September 12 can be paid without fine till August 16 and till August 18 and 21 with fines of Rs 50 and Rs 250 respectively. The students should also remit Rs 300 as CV camp fee.The fee for the first professional MBBS (supplementary) exam beginning from September 5 can be paid without fine till August 16. The fee can be paid till August 18 and 21 with a fine of Rs 50 and Rs 250 respectively. The students should also remit Rs 300 as CV camp fee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15454063", "title": "Haryana chief minister announces cash award of Rs 1 crore to Yogeshwar Dutt", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Haryana Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda announced a cash award of Rs 1 crore to grappler Yogeshwar Dutt for clinching a bronze medal at the London Olympics today.Yogeshwar hails from Sonepat district of the state and, taking into consideration the other two medal winners' roots, is the third player from Haryana to bring laurels to the country at the Games.Earlier, ace shooter Gagan Narang and noted badminton player Saina Nehwal had won bronze medals in their respective disciplines.Hooda said that Dutt has made the entire nation proud.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15455264", "title": "B-school conference at Goa Institute of Management", "text": "Goa Institute of Management (GIM), Sanquelim, will host a B-school conference, Samriddhi, from August 17 to 19.Speakers at the three-day event include communications consultant Alyque Padamsee, Kumar Ankit, co-founder and executive director at Green Leaf Energy Private Limited, Stephen Remedios, former head, customer marketing, HUL, and Satish R Shetye, director of National Institute of Oceanography and vice chancellor of Goa University. Among the business schools participating in Samriddhi are IIM's, NITIE, XIMB, FMS, KJ Somaiya and Welingkar.The annual event aims to provide a platform to participants from organizations all over the country, to discuss issues of social, political and economic relevance, and find viable and sustainable solutions for holistic development, states a press note.R A Mashelkar to deliver talk at ICG today: As part of the 'Festival of films' by Jyoti Kunkoliekar, being held at the International Centre Goa (ICG), Dona Paula, a seminar on 'Implementing Goa 2035: Vision &amp; Roadmap - The Challenges Ahead' will be organized on August 12 from 10am onwards. The keynote address will be delivered by R A Mashelkar, chairman, Goa golden jubilee development council.Blood donation camp at Corlim: Kerala Sangamam, a cultural and charity organization, will organize a blood donation camp and free ayurveda camp in collaboration with Goa medical college and Shantigiri Ayurveda and Sidha hospital, Trivandrum-Kerala, on August 12 at the Montfort ITC institutional auditorium, Corlim, at 9am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15460982", "title": "Mumbai govt to continue one window clearance scheme", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government said on Monday that it planned to make further improvements in a single window clearance scheme devised for various revenue land related matters.Under the Suvarna Jayanti Rajasva Abhiyaan, the government had introduced a one-window clearance scheme for the revenue department last year. Appreciating the department's efforts during the year, revenue minister Balasaheb Thorat said on Monday that about 40 lakh applications were processed as part of the drive. These included applications for farm roads, mutation entries, pending appeals and e-facilities, Thorat informed.The minister said that his department planned to introduce certain changes to further strengthen the drive this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "9248818", "title": "9 Most ridiculous sex myths of all time", "text": "Writers have described it as \"synchronized gymnastics\". An age old practice that we are proud to call our own since the advent of the khajuraho and the kamasutra.We all evolve from curious 15 year old giggling on the slight mention of \"Sex\" to flamboyant young women who over the years have received gyan from magazines and \"experienced\" friends. However, sex is a never ending topic for discussion. Just when you think you've aced it you realized that's not all there is to it.False information about sex is available everywhere now. In the papers, your bedroom, on the streets. If you had the same doubts and had plans of asking them out loud, here are a few less embarrassing way to dispel all doubts.1. Size matters: Is it a universal law that what's bigger has to be better? Do you feel the intensity of your pleasure depends on the size of his organ? Wrong. Only about 4 centimetres (external one third) of the vaginal canal contains sensory nerves for arousal and orgasms. So why waste time trying to stimulate the internal two thirds of the vaginal canal when there's not going to be any response? Focus your attention to more important matters, women!2. Love foods or aphrodisiacs will get you \"tingly\": Pigging out on oysters and strawberries to spice up your sex life? Sorry to break your bubble women, it's nothing but a placebo effect. As in, if people believe oysters and chocolate are supposed to be sexually stimulating foods, they very well might become aroused after consuming them. Aphrodisiacs have no provable affect on the libido.3. Men think more about sex than women: Don't blame the sex game on the men. Women think about sex as much as a man does. If you're an 18 year old with raging hormones then there are chances you might be sleeping, eating and dreaming sex. After a certain age, men and women's sexual urges mellows a bit. And it's a complete no-no to weigh out sexual prowess. To each man his own. This also doesn't mean that only men make the first move for sex. Women do too! And nothing can be more turning on for the man than a woman in control.4. The withdrawal method won't get you knocked up: All it takes is a tiny sperm to get you pregnant. And that can happen through pre-ejaculation also. Most pregnancies happen because of the withdrawal method. This isn't a fool proof plan so heads up!5. Women don't like porn: Not all women want rose petals on their bed. And not all women want to be whisked away into a gentle world of \"love-making\". Women enjoy pornography too. And if anyone thought only men can conjure up fantasies, then you are definitely misguided.6. You won't get pregnant if you have sex while menstruating: Wrong! This is a long standing myth that most people believe in. It is unlikely that a woman will get pregnant while menstruating but not impossible. Sperms can stay alive inside you for several days, especially if you have a shorter cycle.7. An orgasm for women is supposed to be earth shattering and if not so, you're not normal: Myth, myth and 100% myth. Some women have orgasms and don't know about it. Pelvic muscles don't contract as much for some women however after a point of arousal they do feel relaxed and content. So if he failed to \"rock\" your world, then don't panic. You're still very normal.8. Every woman has a G-spot: The alluring mystery of the G-spot. Yes, it's true every woman has a G-spot, but not every woman's G spot is an erogenous zone. So if you've been on a quest to find out the sweet spot, then you're wasting your time. Focus on the other erogenous zones. She'd be so much happier!9. If she doesn't make pleasure noises, then she's not enjoying the sex: Some women are vocal, some are not. This doesn't mean she's not enjoying it. Don't expect her to scream out all the time. We know it's an ego boost for you, boys. But it just doesn't work that way. Sometimes, silence is golden.rehna.k@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15455529", "title": "Fisheries department stymies Gosikhurd rehab plan", "text": "NAGPUR: The hopes of Nagpur district administration for rehabilitating project affected persons (PAPs) of Gosikhurd dam have been dashed as state government has refused to provide fishing rights to the oustees.Last month district collector Saurabh Rao had submitted a five point rehabilitation package to chief secretary JK Banthia, stressing that unless the oustees were properly rehabilitated it would be very difficult to complete the dam. The five-point package included: giving one time cash instead of land, monetary help instead of jobs, rehabilitation as per the Rehabilitation Policy of 2007, suitable vocational training to PAPs and fishing rights to PAPs in the dam.The PAPs have been demanding fishing rights ever since the work on the project commenced. On the other hand, the state fisheries department too wanted that the fishing rights to remain with it. Accordingly, the commissioner (fisheries) wrote a letter to state government seeking to bestow the fishing rights with the department. The government accepted the department's demand and issued an order to the effect.Government provides fishing rights in an irrigation reservoir through auction. It gets royalty from fishermen, who are awarded the contract. Half of it goes to fisheries department and the remaining half to water resources department. This royalty is the only source of income for fisheries department.The state government's decision has spread despair among the district administration officials dealing with the rehabilitation process. \"We had thrashed out the five-point package after several rounds of consultations with the oustees. After a lot of persuasion they had agreed to this package. But, denial of fishing rights won't go down well with them. We may come back to square one,\" an official rued.Gosikhurd dam was envisaged in 1983 and its cost at that time was estimated at Rs300 crore. It was to be completed in 1987. However, state government did not show any interest in it. After a spate of farmers' suicides in Vidarbha, central government included the project under its Accelerated Irrigation Benefit Programme (AIBP) and work began on it in 2005.The project cost has escalated from Rs5,000 crore to Rs15,000 crore in seven years. Only phase I of the project is being executed presently. Storage capacity of 300 million cubic metres (mm3) has been created against the target of 745 mm3. Work on phase II cannot begin until PAPs move out from the submergence area.Under phase II over 22,250 hectares land will be submerged displacing large number of villagers. District administrations of Nagpur and Bhandara have not been able to persuade the PAPs as the latter feel that they are not getting adequate compensation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15458696", "title": "Turn over a new leaf", "text": "When you replace maida with lettuce you get a wrap that's delicious without the calories.If you've been avoiding wraps because you cringe at the thought of calorie-loading maida roomalis. With dishes that come tucked inside edible leaves, you don't have to stop at the filling anymore. While Maharashtrians boast of the colocasia leaf-wrapped alu wadi, here's a round-up of international leaf-wrapped specialities, and where to order them in Mumbai.The leaf: Chinese cabbage The dish: Steamed seasonal vegetable roll Origin: Chinese At: SanQi, Four Seasons , WorliIf you are craving dumplings, but want to ditch gluten, then green pockets are just for you. The steamed vegetable roll is a healthy appetiser concocted like traditional dim sums. Carrots, baby corn, asparagus, Kenya beans and shimeji mushrooms are seasoned with sesame oil and garlic before being wrapped into crisp Chinese cabbage leaves instead of flour paper. The rolls are steamed until the cover wilts into a golden-green shade, and served with a drizzle of brown sauce. These slip-down-the-throat rolls are bite-sized and taste of celery, coriander and vegetarian oyster sauce.The leaf: Nori The dish: Temaki sushi Origin: Japanese At: Nom Nom, AndheriAccording to Japanese culinary tradition, the word 'sushi' is loosely used to describe all rice-based dishes. From classic rolls to plated rice served with scattered vegetables and meats, it all falls under sushi. Temaki, is one type of sushi, then. The dish resembles a bhel-puri packet, and tastes just like the traditional roll. Here, nori (dark green sheet of sea weed), is rolled into a cone and stuffed with vinegarflavoured rice, crab meat, creamy avocado and cucumber. Because chopsticks can complicate the affair, the cones are picked by hand and popped into the mouth. Also available at: Amadeus at Nariman Point, Dome at InterContinental Marine Drive.The leaf: Grape The dish: Dolma Origin: Middle East,Central Asia At: Olive Bar &amp; Kitchen, Bandra and MahalaxmiDolma's peculiar, herbaceous taste is not familiar to the Indian palate. The appetizer is made by kneading cooked rice, finely chopped onions, dill leaves and mint with black pepper and oregano. Grape wine leaves are used to wrap this crumbly mixture into small rolls that are steamed. Though it's preserved in a pool of olive oil, it doesn't leave a greasy trace in the mouth. This could be the result of lemon juice that's used to flavour the filling. Dolmas have a soft bite and an overpowering acidic freshness. Also available at: Mabruk at Sahara Star, Vile Parle.The leaf: Lettuce The dish: Lettuce wrap Origin: Cantonese At: Hakkasan, BandraThe biggest challenge faced by chefs while making lettuce wrap, is fishing cup-shaped leafs from a tightly curled iceberg bulb. Unlike wraps that come neatly \u00bb buttoned up, lettuce wraps are served open, and therefore coiled leaves are vital. The thick-veined leaf is served with a topping of chilli tossed tofu, asparagus, sweet corn, pumpkin and shiitake mushrooms. Since the stuffing is made out of tender vegetables, the textural contrast between the filling and crispy lettuce leaves is rather addictive.Make it at home Betel leaf wrapped, poached pears and chevreIngredients 1 pear 7 tbsp apple juice mixed with 1.5 tbsp water 6 betel leaves - paan (each cut into two) 1 cup Goat cheese (crumbled) 1 tsp Mustard paste 1 tsp Burnt garlic (chopped) 6 Chive sprigs (chopped) Salt and pepper to tasteMethod - Peel and slice the pear lengthwise into 6 pieces. Heat apple juice and poach the pear pieces in it for 20 minutes or until tender. Cool and refrigerate them for 30 minutes. - In a bowl, mix goat cheese, burnt garlic and mustard paste. Season it with salt and pepper. - Place a spoonful of this mixture on a single slice of poached pear and wrap it tightly in the betel leaf. Refrigerate for 10 mins and serve cold after garnishing with chive leaves.(By chef Mrinmoy Acharyya, 5 All Day)mirrorfeedback@indiatimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15456019", "title": "Tipsy thieves caught in the act", "text": "COIMBATORE: It was supposed to be a quick break-in and escape but couple of swigs of liquor consumed before the act reportedly slowed them down resulting in getting caught red-handed as the house owners walked in while they were still rummaging the house for valuables.One of them was nabbed and handed over to the police while his accomplice managed to slip away and police are trying to nab him.Police claimed that the duo was in a slightly inebriated state and hence was caught completely unaware when the family members walked in. The family is in a state of shock after the incident.\"It was shocking for us and now all our relatives and elders have come to support us. We are not in a position to speak. But we did not lose anything from our house,\" said one of the family members when TOI visited them on Saturday.According to police, city-based businessman Mohankumar and his family residing in Bharathi Colony near Peelamedu had gone to a nearby supermarket for their evening shopping at around 5.30pm on Friday.But little did they realise that a rude shock was in store for them at their residence when they returned about half-an-hour later. The family found the front door of the house broken open and when they entered inside they found two people ransacking their bedroom searching for valuables.\"They were drunk and were caught in the act. They did not pass out at the spot. They might have been slightly delayed or miscalculated the return of the family. We have caught one of them and are searching for the second accused,\" said D Suresh, inspector (crime), Peelamedu police station.The family raised an alarm and neighbours came and managed to secure one of them S Ilamurugan (21) but his accomplice Vivekanandan (23) managed to escape through the back door.Peelamedu police took the accused into custody. Both of them hail from Gandhipuram and were reportedly slightly drunk when they decided to break into the house.\"Both of them are involved in a series of similar crimes and are in our criminal list,\" said Ramachandran, assistant police commissioner (crime, east), Coimbatore city police.Peelamedu police have registered a case and are now trying to locate Vivekanandan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15458914", "title": "Tamil Eelam meet gets High Court's nod", "text": "CHENNAI: In a eleventh hour relief to the organisers of the Tamil Eelam Supporters Organisation (TESO) conference here, the Madras high court granted permission for the meet by staying the Chennai city police commissioner's order denying police clearance.At a special sitting on Sunday morning, a division bench comprising Jutice Elipe Dharma Rao and Justice M Venugopal stayed the August 10 order of the city police commissioner denying permission for the conference. The bench also incorporated certain conditions, such as limiting the number of participants to 8,000 as informed by the organisers' counsel.The interim order,delivered in a packed court hall, was greeted by cheer and slogans by DMK party advocates, who hailed it was a victory for DMK and their party leader.Earlier, during arguments, senior advocate P Wilson submitted that the police had denied permission without even affording an opportunity to clarify the doubts that the police had raised. Contesting the government's apprehension that nearly one lakh people were expected to take part in the meet, Wilson said only 2,500 invitations had been sent to participants and thatmthe number would not exceed 8,000.Advocate-general A Navaneethakrishnan said there were intelligence inputs that forced the authorities to deny permission for the meet. Noting that the conference venue was less than 100 metres from the government Royapettah hospital, Navaneethakrishnan further said it was the oldest road in the city and people in the city would be put to severe inconvenience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "15453687", "title": "Jharkhand Prastuti Committee commander killed in encounter with Maoists", "text": "HAZARIBAG: At least one person was reported killed and several others injured in a major encounter between the banned CPI(Maoist) and Jharkhand Prastuti Committee (JPC) cadres at Lawakudar jungle under the Katkumsandi police station in Hazaribag district.A senior police officer said the encounter took place on the Hazaribag and Chatra border on Friday. Police said both the Maoist and its splinter group JPC have been fighting for supremacy in the area over collection of levy for the past several years. The two groups had avoided direct confrontation earlier because of strong police presence in the Katkumsandi region, a known Maoist stronghold.Police said villagers living under the Katkumsandi and Chatra police station areas had recovered a body from the forest on Saturday morning and identified it to be that of JPC area commander Kaljit Ganjhu. Police said the body was being brought to the Katkumsandi police station for verification.Reports from Katkumsandi said the JPC who is in active in the area received information that a big group of Maoists led by Karu Yadav, Sarita and others had assembled in the forest to drive out the JPC and take full control of the area. The Lawakudar jungle was once the stronghold slain Maoist zonal commander Krishna Yadav. Krishna was killed by Kaljit and his supporters about three years ago. Ever since Krishna was killed the JPC gained the upper hand in the area. The death of Kaljit is considered to be a major victory for the Maoist.A joint police and CRPF team, led by Hazaribag SP Manoj Kaushik which conducted a combing operation, came under fire from the ultras forcing the security forces to retaliate. More details are awaited as the SP and his men have not returned to Hazaribag till the time of filing this report.This was the secosnd encounter in Katkumsandi in last seven days.Earlier, villagers had recovered the bullet-riddled body of Jharkhand Liberation Tigers (JLT) zonal commander Suryadeo Yadav alias Karanjee, from the area. The JLT is another extremist out operating in Katsumsandib area. Both Suryadeo and Kaljit were wanted in over two dozen criminal cases in Hazaribag and Chatra districts, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "15455825", "title": "Man held for 'raping' daughter in Manipur", "text": "IMPHAL: Police have arrested a man for allegedly raping his daughter in Manipur's Churachandpur district. The accused, Kumar Singh (39), allegedly raped his daughter on Thursday night. He was severely beaten up by locals on Friday around 8 am after the victim revealed the matter. Police rushed to the spot and whisked him away from irate locals, police sources said.The accused has two wives and four children-two boys and two girls. He married his second wife four months back. A case has been registered against Kumar.The incident came nine days after a local court remanded a man, who allegedly sent lewd SMS to a married woman in Imphal , to judicial custody.Kumar's arrest coincided with the staging of massive rally in Churachanapur town by a large number of women against discrimination, subjugation and exploitation of women. Held under the aegis of Widows Welfare Association (WWA), the activists also submitted a memorandum to chief minister Okram Ibobi Singh through the district's deputy commissioner.They demanded issuance of below poverty line cards, widow pension scheme, job cards under MGNREGS and oldage pension cards to the needy.They also sought constitution of a high-empowered committee to supervise, monitor and redress women's problems and grievances in the district and establishment of fair price shops in Churachandpur district for the poor widows and needy women.While demanding the increase of widow pension scheme to Rs 1,000 against the present amount of Rs 200, the memo urged to constitute an effective and efficient mechanism or measures to stop rapes and killing of women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15453631", "title": "Madrassa students face degree hassles in Ranchi", "text": "RANCHI: Students of the Jharkhand State Madrassa Board, who want to go out of the state for higher studies or for job, will have to face a lot of problems as the degrees of the board are not recognized by the UGC.There are 184 recognized madrassas and 592 unrecognised ones in the state from which every year almost 30,000 students write their examination.The successful candidates from the board face rejections wherever they go to apply for job or for higher education.Haider Ali, a second-year student of \"aalim\" (BA honours) under the madrassa board, said, \"I want to go to Delhi to pursue my masters but as the degree of state board is not recognized by the UGC, I do not have any idea about what should be done.\"The Jharkhand Academic Council (JAC), which also doubles up as the madrassa board because of lack of a separate board in the state, has to face many questions of students regarding conducting the examinations of madrassas.Ali, chairperson of the Jharkhand Students' Union, said, \"The JAC is there to conduct examinations only for 'maulavi' (intermediate) level but it is also conducting examination for 'aalim' (graduation) and 'faazil' (masters) degrees and so the degrees are not recognized anywhere.\"Former vice-chancellor of Ranchi University A A Khan recognized the \"aalim\" degree of madarsa board and started accepting students in the university for higher education but the 'faazil' degree is still not recognized even by RU. The UGC does not recognize any of the degrees.JAC chairperson Laxmi Singh says that the non-recognition of degrees by the UGC is a very big hurdle for both JAC and students.\"We have taken the matter to HRD department so that they approach UGC for recognition of our degree and we are hopeful that it will be done very soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15453438", "title": "Single chargesheet in TP case", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The special investigation team probing the T P Chandrasekharan murder case has decided to file a single chargesheet against all the 76 accused in the case.The initial plan was to bifurcate the case -- the assailants and conspirators in one, and those who harboured the offenders and helped them procure SIM cards in the other. But SIT finally decided on a single chargesheet following a legal opinion.It will be filed before the judicial first class magistrate court, Vadakara on Monday. The chargesheet in the conspiracy case to murder Chandrasekharan in 2010 will be filed later. The scope for further investigation into the larger conspiracy behind the incident will be kept open. SIT or other agencies can probe further into the matter with the court's permission.M C Anoop, who drove the Innova that hit Chandrasekharanbefore he was assaulted, is the first accused. CPM state committee member K K Ragesh, district secretariat members Karayi Rajan and P Mohanan, district committee member C H Ashokan, Panur area secretary K K Pavithran, Koothuparamba area secretary M Dhananjayan, area committee members K K Krishnan, P K Kunhanandan, local committee members Padayamkandy Raveendran, Jyothi Babu and Koothuparamba area committee office secretary Babu are among the party leaders involved in the case.CPM Thalassery area committee member P P Ramakrishnan and C H Ashokan are the main leaders accused in the conspiracy case registered by the Chombala police. SIT has concluded that Chandrasekharan was murdered because the CPM though his party, the RMP, had become a major threat to it in the Onchiyam area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15455768", "title": "Man arrested for cheating in land deal", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of city crime branch arrested a youth wanted in Rs 9.82 crore cheating case on Friday. Search for his father, another accused in the case, is on.According to police, a team led by inspector D D Damor got a tip-off on Pagnesh Patel, a resident of Gota, that he would come near The Grand Bhagwati Hotel on SG Highway on Friday night. Working on the information, Patel was nabbed from the spot.Officials of JP Infrastructure, a firm owned by Pravin and Jayesh Kotak, had filed a complaint against Patel and his father Harshad Patel a fortnight ago.\"According to the complaint, the Kotak brothers had entered into an agreement with Patel to procure land in Gota for a real estate development project. The brothers agreed to pay the duo Rs 9.82 crore as per the agreementtowards the land whereas the father-son duo agreed to give another piece of land if the deal failed,\" said a crime branch official.The firm realized in 2010 that the land shown to them for the project was already sold off by Pragnesh to another developer. As the money was already paid, Patels were asked to give another land for the project. After negotiations for the procurement of land or recovery of money failed, the firm gave an application of complaint.Interestingly, Pragnesh used to come to crime branch earlier with the cases of land frauds of other persons as a representative. Sources said that he became confident after a long association with the policemen that he might get away with the crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15455827", "title": "Wildlife tourism in state not affected by SC order", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Tour Operators' Association of Assam (TOAA) on Saturday said the recent Supreme Court ban on tourism in the core areas of tiger reserves will not impact wildlife tourism in state's protected areas.TOAA, a forum of 38 tour operators, argued that the core areas of the three tiger reserves in Assam were always out-of-bound for tourism activities and so the ban will not have a negative impact on the flow of wildlife enthusiasts in the state.\"After the Supreme Court's decision, tour operators in the state were apprehensive. We have come forward to allay the fear. Wildlife tourism in state's three tiger reserves- Kaziranga, Manas and Nameri- will not be affected because core areas were out-of-bounds for visitors earlier too. Wildlife tourism in the state's tiger reserves are confined outside the core areas,\" TOAA joint secretary, Bhaskar J Barua said here on Saturday.Baruah welcomed the Supreme Court's decision saying it will go long way in helping tiger conservation in the country and free the core areas of tiger reserves from any kind of external disturbances.\"As far as Assam is concerned, the core areas are free from infrastructures and tourism activities so our tour operators do not have to worry about the court order. Also, we have not received any directives from the government regarding the Supreme Court decision,\" he added.With the tourism season starting from November, TOAA said booking has already started and the Supreme Court decision should not create any apprehension among the visitors. \"We don't want tourism to be hampered due to misinformation regarding the Supreme ourt order,\" Barua said. According to TOAA, 16,000 foreign and five lakh domestic tourists arrived in the state last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15455496", "title": "Lifestyle diseases, a new entrant in rural Rajasthan", "text": "JAIPUR: Lifestyle diseases, including diabetes and hypertension, which were confined to urban areas in the past, have now entered rural areas of Rajasthan.According to the latest health survey, 67 people among 1 lakh are diabetic while 190 among 1 lakh were patients of hypertension in rural areas of Rajasthan. The same trend prevails in other parts of the country.Viewing the increasing threat of lifestyle diseases like diabetes, hypertension and stroke, the health department is planning to open separate clinics for such diseases at community health centre level in seven districts of the state under National Programme for Prevention and Control of Cancer , Diabetes, Cardiovascular Diseases and Stroke (NPCDCS) at Jaisalmer, Jodhpur, Sriganganagar, Bhilwara, Barmer, Nagaur and Bikaner.The sociologists also believe that that the impact of globalization and commercialization in rural areas are quite visible. Dr Deepa Mathur, assistant professor, department of sociology, Rajasthan University said: \"The basic thinking has not changed in rural areas but the outward manifestations of change in lifestyle are visible there like in food habits and style of living.\"The non-communicable diseases (NCD) cell of medical department claimed that there are four major reasons for increase in diabetes, hypertension and other NCDs -- improper diet, lack of exercise, excessive consumption of alcohol and smoking.In Rajasthan, 277 among 1 lakh were diagnosed with hypertension. In urban Rajasthan, the figure is 541 among 1 lakh, but in rural Rajasthan 190 among 1 lakh people were diagnosed with the disease.SMS medical college professor cardiology Dr Rajiv Bagarahatta said: \"The lifestyle in villages is also changing with time. Bikes, four-wheelers and tractors can be seen in plenty in rural areas. Also, roads have been constructed. Hypertension is a lifestyle diseases and it has to do with affluent people. So, in villages too, the number of affluent may be increasing. Also, due to awareness about hypertension, cases of hypertension have been detected. Moreover, smoking is another reason for hypertension.\"Sriganganagar's rural area witnessed highest percentage of diabetic and hypertension patients in the state. The percentage of cases of hypertension in rural and urban areas is almost equal. In urban Sriganganagar, 443 among 1 lakh people are suffering from hypertension while in rural Sriganganagar, it is 422 among 1 lakh.The percentage of diabetes cases in Sriganganagar is second highest (Bikaner is highest) with 378 among 1 lakh cases. In rural Sriganganagar, it is 304 while in urban area it is 557 among 1 lakh of population.In Jaipur rural, 174 among 1 lakh while in Jaipur urban, 669 among 1 lakh have been diagnosed with hypertension. In Jaipur, overall 431 among 1 lakh were diagnosed with hypertension.In rural areas, more men than women are diabetic. Around 83 among 1 lakh men and 49 among 1 lakh women are diabetic. But, as far as hypertension is concerned, more women are suffering from it than men, its true for rural and urban areas as well.In rural Rajasthan, 151 men and 233 women among 1 lakh are suffering from hypertension. In urban Rajasthan, 409 men and 687 women among 1 lakh are diagnosed with hypertension.Among the nine states surveyed, Rajasthan has lowest percentage of diabetic and hypertension patients. Uttarakhand with 669 having diabetics among 1 lakh population and Odisha with 1,185 having hypertension among 1 lakh population are at the top.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15455321", "title": "Don\u2019t allow Metro around heritage buildings: PIL", "text": "HYDERABAD: A public interest litigation petition was filed in the AP high court urging it to direct the authorities not to construct metro rail infrastructure in areas where heritage structures are located.The petition was filed by OM Debora and V K Bhava of Forum for Good Governance expressing apprehensions about the future of heritage structures and important monuments in areas around Charminar, Assembly, Moazzam Jahi market etc. if the authorities are allowed to have their way in the metro rail project.They did not think about these structures while visualising a metro rail for the city, the petitioners said. They wanted a direction to the authorities to take the metro rail through underground in such areas as was done in Bangalore and Delhi.The petitioners mentioned in their plea that there are 14 important historical structures in the Miyapur- LB Nagar, Jubilee bus station to Falaknuma and Nagole to Silparamam routes of metro rail and said these structures are likely to be damaged if the metro rail is allowed to pass by them.The high court is likely to take up the plea on Monday for hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15455111", "title": "Students, spend less to travel by KSRTC, BMTC buses", "text": "BANGALORE: Here's some good news for students travelling by BMTC and KSRTC buses. They will get passes at much discounted prices now. Making the announcement on Saturday, deputy chief minister R Ashoka said more KSRTC buses will operate in rural areas to help college students.\"We are distributing more than 14 lakh student bus passes, which would cost the exchequer a loss of Rs 18 crore,\" Ashoka said.According to the revised rates, high school going girl students will enjoy 25% decrease in bus pass rates. \"The pass can be used even on Sundays and other holidays too,\" Ashoka said.Money savedKSRTC bus pass rates: Per yearFor high school girlsAnnounced rate-Previous rateRs 400----------------Rs 525Rs 200----------------Rs 265For high school boysRs 600-----------------Rs 700Rs 300-----------------Rs 350College students (Including diploma)Rs 900--------------------Rs 1,100Rs 450----------------------Rs 550For ITI studentsRs 1,150---------Rs 1,350For evening college studentsYearly pass-Rs 1,400----Rs Rs 1,680(10 month pass) Rs 1,200- Rs 1,400(Five month pass) Rs 600-Rs 700BMTC BUSESFor high school girls(Present tariff-Previous tariff)Rs 400----------------Rs 525High school boysRs 600--------------Rs 700PUC studentsRs 900-------Rs 1,100Degree and PG studentsRs 1,100- Rs 1,320(Ten month pass) Rs 900-Rs 1,100Evening college studentsRs 1,480----Rs 1,680(10 month pass) Rs 1,200 - Rs 1,400", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15455035", "title": "Treated water to solve crisis", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Foreseeing scarcity of water and its limited resources, civic body authorities are all set to explore maximum usage of treated sewerage water for non-potable purposes by getting the entire city's survey conducted from an expert consultant. The authorities want to explore the latest modern technology for the treatment, which can serve the city for next 50 to 60 years and solve the city's problem of scarcity of water.The general house of the MC has constituted a special committee for this purpose which is going to meet on Monday and discuss all the above mentioned points to explore the possibility of treating the sewerage water to the extend, which can be undoubtedly used by the residents for non potable purposes. Mukesh Bassi, chairman of the committee, said, \"We will try to explore all the possibilities in exercise to adopt the latest modern technology for setting sewerage treatment plant. We are looking for a comprehensive plan over installation of sewerage treatment plants which can serve the city for a long time.\"Giving details, Surinder Bahga, a nominated councillor who is the member of the committee, said, \"In many countries of the world, sewerage water is being treated at a level which is purely used for drinking water, but we are still unable to do so and people hesitate to use our treated water for gardening purposes also. Therefore, there is a dire need to adopt a technology which could enhance the purity level of water to the level where resident can at least use it for non-potable purposes. Presently, there is no land available in the city and now certain technologies have come where the plant can be installed in minimum land.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15450323", "title": "Google Earth locates 'lost' Egyptian pyramid", "text": "LONDON: Google Earth satellite imagery survey may have revealed two possible pyramid complexes in Egypt.Satellite archaeology researcher Angela Micol of Maiden, NC said that the complexes were located about 90 miles apart, and contained unusual grouping of mounds with intriguing features and orientations.One site located in Upper Egypt , just 12 miles from the city of Abu Sidhum along the Nile, features four mounds each with a larger, triangular-shaped plateau.The two larger mounds at this site are approximately 250 feet in width, with two smaller mounds about 100 feet in width.The site complex is arranged in a very clear formation with the large mound extending a width of approximately 620 feet-almost three times the size of the Great Pyramid.\"Upon closer examination of the formation, this mound appears to have a very flat top and a curiously symmetrical triangular shape that has been heavily eroded with time,\" the Discovery News quoted Micol wrote in her website Google Earth Anomalies.Mysteriously, when zooming in on the top of the triangular formation, two circular, 20-foot-wide features appear almost in the very centre of the triangle.Some 90 miles north near the Fayoum oasis, the second possible pyramid complex contains a four-sided, truncated mound, which is approximately 150 feet wide.\"It has a distinct square center which is very unusual for a mound of this size and it almost seems pyramidal when seen from above,\" Micol wrote.Located just 1.5 miles south east of the ancient town of Dimai, the site also has three smaller mounds in a very clear formation, \"similar to the diagonal alignment of the Giza Plateau pyramids,\" Micol said.\"The color of the mounds is dark and similar to the material composition of Dimai's walls which are made of mudbrick and stone,\" the researcher wrote.According to Micol, both sites have been verified as undiscovered by Egyptologist and pyramid expert Nabil Selim.Selim discovered that the smaller 100-foot mounds at the site near Abu Sidhum are a similar size as the 13th Dynasty Egyptian pyramids, if a square base can be discovered.\"The images speak for themselves. It's very obvious what the sites may contain but field research is needed to verify they are, in fact, pyramids,\" Micol said.The researcher had previously located several possible archaeological sites with Google Earth, including a potential underwater city off the coast of the Yucatan peninsula.She believes that the use of infrared imagery will allow scientists to see the extent of the complexes in greater detail.The sites have been sent to Egyptologists and researchers for further investigation and \"ground truthing,\" she said. (ANI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15455454", "title": "Pallavi case: Counsel them &amp; guard against culture shock, caution experts", "text": "MUMBAI: The murder of Pallavi Purkayastha in her 16th floor flat of 'Himalayan Heights' at Bhakti Park in Wadala by a building guard on Thursday shows there is an urgent need to counsel and sensitize watchmen, say psychiatrists. According to experts, many of those recruited by security agencies come from rural areas and are unaccustomed to the lifestyle in metros like Mumbai. Many lament that few agencies obtain police licence, comply with training conditions and conduct a sensitization or training programmes for personnel.\"Sessions should involve soft skills training. Security guards should be taught how to behave with building residents and other visitors,\" said a former IPS officer on the condition of anonymity.\"However , sensitization and stress-busting sessions are mostly ignored by private security agencies ,\" he added . Herbert Fisher , director of operations , TRIG Security Ltd, said many agencies did not sensitize personnel on \"lifestyles differences\". \"It is difficult to predict human nature . Psychoanalysis shows a trainee's frame of mind at a certain time . If they flare up constantly , them this behaviour must be reported to society members or agency officials,\" Fisher said.Dr Rajendra Barve, psychiatrist and HRD trainer , said guards essentially think their job is to only ask for a visitor's identity, address and purpose of visit. \"However , managing people residing in a building is a different task and involves patience. Lack of politeness showed insufficient training,\" said Barve.\"Guards from rural areas think women are meant to be dominated and then interpret their behaviour in their own way and get vengeful,\" he added.\"They live with seven to eight colleagues or friends and are disturbed . Their mental state is not checked regularly,\" said psychiatrist Dr Narendra Kinger.\"Agency representatives and society members must interact with a watchman on regularly . Sometimes we conduct games for guards as a stress buster ,\" said Brigadier Jaisinghani of TOPS Security Ltd. \"People from Assam are deployed in Banglore , some employed in Mumbai hail from Jammu and Kashmir . Sensitization is mandatory which top agencies conduct , while smaller ones never impart ,\" said Rajesh Chetri , director of TRIG Security Ltd.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15458562", "title": "Activists demand new badges and more taxis on city roads", "text": "Mumbai: Activists of the Mumbai Vikas Samiti on Sunday petitioned the state transport commissioner, asking him to expedite issuing new badges to cabbies and ensure that there were more taxis available on roads. The TOI had recently highlighted that there was a decline of 5,000 cabs in Mumbai this year due to \"shortage of drivers.\" Said A V Shenoy of Mumbai Vikas Samiti, \"Citizens in island city are already feeling pinch due to no increase in number of taxis for last few years. This shortage used be exploited by taxi drivers in refusing fares even to senior citizens and patients. We had raised this issue before the Hakim committee recently. \"This further decrease in number of taxis is going to make things worse for commuters,\" he said. \"We understand that one of major reasons for this decrease is the condition of domicile put recently by the governmentt. We feel that if this condition was added because of demand by unions then govt should ask them why they have not been able to get sufficient domiciled drivers and should give a deadline for recruitment failing which other drivers should be allowed. But the badges should be issued on an urgency so that there are more cabs on roads,\" he stated. The number of taxis had come down from 35,000 to 30,000 for the entire city -- from Colaba to Mulund/Dahisar this year. \"Except for the two airports, you will not find many taxis in other parts of the suburbs,\" admitted taxi union leader A L Quadros. \"In the past, we had stands outside thickly populated housing colonies and near stations in the suburbs. Taxis were available round-the-clock. There were around 48,000 cabs at that time. But now, some of the stands have vanished overnight while taxis are very few at other places. It is bad news for commuters,\" he stated. Asked what was the reason for the drop in more than 35% taxis in past couple of years, he said the primary reason was shortage of drivers. \"The government has made it mandatory that those applying for taxi badges should have a domicile certificate of 15 years. As a result, new applicants from UP and Bihar are unable to get badges and locals don't apply in large numbers.\" Quadros said that one of the solutions could be reducing the compulsary age of domicile in Maharashtra from 15 years to just two years. \"Any migrant will know the city within two years.\" Added Shenoy, \"Regarding familiarity with the city, the RTA should conduct a short course / test to ensure that cabbies have adequate knowledge of the city before they are allowed to ply.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "15455522", "title": "Friends, colleagues remember Pallavi as a vivacious girl and a keen lawyer", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: The grey clouds and a consistent drizzle added to the mournful silence at the prayer meet held in Nerul on Saturday in memory of murdered law graduate Pallavi Purkayastha.Pallavi's friends, colleagues and relatives remembered her as a \"warm , vivacious girl\" who was happy pursuing her career as a lawyer.\"I was supposed to have lunch with her (Pallavi ) one of these days ; that was the last conversation we had recently . She was an enthusiastic young lawyer who very friendly with people in office,\" said Mohsin Ali Khan , her colleague.Mohsin said Pallavi and her live-in partner Avik Sengupta made for a \"happy couple\". \"We are shocked,\" he said after coming out of the prayer meet in Sector 19.Pallavi used to work as a legal advisor for production company Excel Entertainment at its Santa Cruz office.While the victim's father, Atanu Purkayastha, appeared composed , her mother was visibly heartbroken as she left the venue in a car. Her younger sister was also present.A relative of the Purkayasthas, Arnab Chakravarty, said : \"We are all extremely hurt and disturbed; she was a very lively girl.''\"Pallavi was a keen sportsperson at La Martiniere for Girls in Kolkata . Her cheerful and extrovert nature helped her make a lot of friends . I studied with her till Class VIII, after which she moved to Delhi as her parents were transferred there,\" said a friend from her Kolkata school.\"We kept in touch even after she shifted school. I was very happy for her as she was doing well as a lawyer . It is horrific and unfair that her life has been cut short like this. She was full of life and also a noted swimmer ,\" she added.Another friend said Pallavi put up a strong resistance when she was attacked by security guard Sajjad Ahmed Mughal before being killed.Actor-filmmaker Farhan Akhtar , who is a partner in Excel Entertainment along with Ritesh Sidhwani , was also seen at the prayer meet.Mumbai's joint commissioner of police (crime ) Himanshu Roy also offered his condolences to Pallavi's family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15458882", "title": "Ankit-Roopal's lip lock", "text": "Television content is getting bolder with every passing day and intimate scenes have become almost an inevitable part of daily soaps.An intimate scene attracts eyeballs and helps create a lot of buzz around the show. After Ram Kapoor and Sakshi Tanwar's lip lock followed by a lovemaking sequence, the younger lot seems to be following suit. And this time it's Ankit Gera and Roopal Tyagi aka Mayank and Gunjan from 'Sapne Suhane Ladakpan Ke' who will be seen locking lips on screen.According to our source, Roopal was very nervous while shooting the sequence and it took her a lot of time to prepare herself mentally for the kiss. \"Roopal was scared of any kind of scandal around her on-screen kiss. She called up her parents in Bangalore and took their permission for the kiss. Incidentally, the track was discussed with Roopal to ensure that she was comfortable with the kiss and were prepared to alter the track a bit in case the actress wasn't fine with it,\" says our source. We contacted Ankit Gera who said, \"I was not at all comfortable doing the kissing scene as I am just friends with her. I did it because the storyline demanded it. I am a professional actor and have to meet every demand of the script.\" Apparently, on the day of the shoot, only four people including the producer were allowed inside the room where the scene was being shot. Well, the lip lock translates into better TRPs and becomes a talking point or will fizzle out, only time will tell!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15455530", "title": "Extolling motherhood", "text": "NAGPUR: His presence in the city underlines the cosmopolitan culture of Nagpur. Poet Madhup Pandey says that his writings in Hindi have always been welcomed even by the Marathi speaking people of the city. \"I admit that my Hindi has a stamp of the local lingo which does not go down very well with the listeners in the Hindi belt. There I have to stick to the purity of form. But audience in Nagpur has been very responsive to my poetry,\" he says.It is this love and response which forms the basis of Sunday's event organized by his students and well wishers where his book 'Vishwaatmaa' would be released. The book is an extension of the original poem 'Maa' which Pandey had penned in the early 90s.\"The poem gained tremendous popularity. I was reciting it at every kavi sammelan,\" says Pandey. But the idea to develop it in a 'khand kavay' came from Shankar Dayal Sharma who was the President of India in those days. \"After reciting it at the Rashtrapati Bhavan, he told me that I should develop it to broaden its scope.\"'Vishwaatmaa' extols motherhood and states that if maternal feelings are developed then the most angular and ferocious personalities can be softened.Stressing upon the significance of such literary writings Pandey says that thoughts evoked by poets haunt the mind. \"The poet voices the thoughts of the reader. The spontaneous wah wahs that he elicits from the audience emerge because they identify with that thought and consider it to be theirs,\" said Pandey.There are no lights, music or dancing at such poetry events. \"All that we have are the words penned by us to connect with our audience. The fact that kavi sammelans remain popular even in this era of satellite television speaks volumes about the content and quality of these events,\" he adds.Analysing the reasons why kavi sammelan are not seen on television, Pandey says, \"Poetry events are telecast only by Doordarshan which does not have much viewership today.\" The number of poets has increased he says but there are less programmes and platforms for them to showcase their talent, \"Poetry sections have disappeared even from newspapers and magazines.\"But the new age poets mostly dabble in the free verse style which lacks rhythm feels Pandey. \"It kills poetry and checks the flow of verse and words.\" Humour and satire in poetry is what holds the attention of an audience the most he says. \"Post independence when the initial euphoria diminished people began to get disgruntled with the system. The poet of the 60s and 70s wrapped these feelings in words and laced them with humour and satire. Baat seedhi hoti thee per vyang se kahi jaati thee,\" says Pandey, adding that this would have an instant connect with the audience.Such satires have the capacity to turn the world around, he feels. \"The word neta is now treated as an abuse. This is the impact of humour and satire in writings,\" said the poet.According to Pandey, literature and poetry change thinking and brings social change gradually. \"It takes everybody in its fold, the young and the old alike,\" he says.QuotePoetry events are telecast only by Doordarshan which does not have much viewership today. Poetry sections have disappeared even from newspapers and magazinesMadhup Pandey | Poet", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15461695", "title": "Cubs Club organizes 'Ek Shaam, India Ke Naam\u2019 on Independence-Day eve", "text": "CHANDIGARH: To create a feeling of patriotism and National pride among children, Cubs Club, Chandigarh is organizing \"Ek Shaam, India Ke Naam\" on the eve of Independence Day that falls on Tuesday, August 14.As part of the event a 30 feet by 20 feet graffiti made by school students will be displayed at Sector 17 Plaza in Chandigarh. The Graffiti is being formed by writings and drawings etc made on cloth by students' of as many as 50 tri-city schools on the theme 'INDIA'.The same will be unveiled by Chandigarh's Mayor Raj Bala Malik at 5pm on Tuesday. Even students from schools for special children like Pryaas, Sorem and school for deaf and dumb in sector 27 Chandigarh have participated in making the giant Graffiti.Apart from this, children will be making collages on freedom fighters and writing famous quotes on India. The idea behind the upcoming event is to revive the memories of Indian freedom struggle to generate the spirit of unity and patriotism among children.The event would start at 3pm with eth display of the graffiti. At 4pm collage making will be done by the children at 5.00pm the graffiti will be unveiled, followed by recital of patriotic songs. The event would end with the National Anthem.Cubs Club, Chandigarh has been set up by a group of enterprising working mothers of city beautiful. It is an organization which channelizes kids' energies into constructive activities and helps them bond with other kids, so as to make this world a better place to live in.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "bareilly", "code": "15459424", "title": "Curfew in four areas of Bareilly", "text": "BAREILLY: Curfew was clamped in four areas of the city following clashes between two groups in Jagatpur and Kalibari, officials said here today.District Magistrate Abhishek Prakash said that orders have been issued for closure of all schools and colleges in the city and no person was allowed to come out of the house. Besides this, a riot action plan was also being implemented.Trouble broke out in Baradari area yesterday when two groups clashed after a Janmashtami procession deviated from its fixed route and was stopped by some persons in Jagatpur Panwaria locality.This led to heavy brick-batting between two groups and firing in which three persons, including a mother-son duo, were injured. The irate mob also torched a vehicle.In Kalibari area, people went on a rampage when the route of the Dadhikandho procession was changed and clashed with police, they said.While police resorted to lathi-charge and fired tear gas shells, the mob indulged in brick-batting and firing in which around 15 people, including three policemen, were injured. A youth was injured in firing, sources said.In the wake of the clash, curfew has been clamped in Baradari, Prem Nagar, Qila and Kotwali areas of the city and all schools and colleges have been closed till further orders.Senior Superintendent of Police Satyendraveer Singh has suspended two sub-inspectors. This is the second time when curfew has been clamped in the city.Earlier, curfew was clamped on July 22 following clashes between two groups which claimed four lives and was lifted completely on August 7.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15453474", "title": "Calicut University likely to lower PhD eligibility criteria", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Calicut University has given merit a go-by while framing new guidelines for PhD admissions. The eligibility for applying for the programme, as per the new draft regulation prepared by the varsity, is 50% marks in post graduate degree. It is 55% now.And for foreign students, a mere pass in PG is the requirement. They are also exempted from entrance tests. Similarly, those working in national laboratories need just a pass mark. Teachers in aided and government colleges as well as higher secondary schools have also been exempted from taking the entrance test.The proposals were circulated among heads of departments on Wednesday and they were asked to submit their suggestions to the varsity within 48 hours. According to sources, the university will ratify the new regulations this month itself without even the mandatory ratification from the academic council.Academicians say the new regulations will dilute the quality of research work taking place in the varsity.\"Why should PhD be made a mass degree? No other university in Kerala or probably the entire country has brought down the eligibility criteria for PhD programmes. Such a move will bring down the quality of research taking place on the campus. It also violates the principles laid down by institutions like UGC and CSIR, which have set 55% marks as the basic qualification for junior research fellow (JRF) examinations,\" said K P Muraleedharan, dean, commerce and management studies in the university.Under the new norms, it is not merit but the discretion of the supervisory teacher that would decide who are finally admitted to PhD programmes from the list of eligible candidates. Academic circles say giving such discretionary powers to teachers would undermine merit.\"Such personal criteria should not come into play while granting admission. It should instead be decided on the basis of marks scored in PG exams,\" Muraleedharan added.K A Siraj, member, syndicate sub-committee for research, said relaxing the eligibility criteria would enable more people to take up research. \"There are several people currently employed in various organizations who are interested in taking up research. We need not deny them the chance just because they didn't score high marks in PG course. We will however insist that they pass the entrance examination to qualify for PhD admission,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15455037", "title": "\u2018Old timers\u2019 are back on varsity campus", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The \"old timers\" and seasoned student leaders of Panjab University are back in action to fix poll strategies for September 2012.The most prominent faces of student elections in the last few years at PU, who virtually \"disappear\" after polls, are all actively holding meetings, both within and outside campus to prepare election blueprint with the new leadership.While some of these student leaders are old mentors of Panjab University Students' Union (PUSU) and Students' Organization of Panjab University (SOPU) \u2014 the two prominent student bodies, who go back to their jobs and business after polls, another category includes those who disappear following controversies and accusations.\"We are being guided by senior leaders of our party, including Brinder Dhillon, Vicky Middhukhera, Robin Brar and Harpreet Multani. Since we are all young, we do take guidance from those who are better experienced,\" says Manoj Lubana, current president of SOPU.With a few weeks to go for student elections, the date for which will be finalized by the UT administration and PU, these leaders are even suggesting how to win favour of new entrants in PU through campaigning in hostels.\"We are being guided by prominent PUSU leaders, including Jaskaran Singh Brar, Paramjit Singh Baath and Malvinder Kang among others. They are seasoned leaders and have always supported students to contest polls and do some good work for our community,\" says Sumit Gokhlaney, a PUSU member.Meanwhile, another section of PUSU which has been dormant for quite sometime has suddenly become active.Former PUSU leaders Simran Dhillon, Arshbir Johal and several others are also back on campus, enrolled in one or the other courses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15455167", "title": "Geetika suicide case: Aruna Chaddha to spend one more day in police custody", "text": "NEW DELHI: The police custody of Aruna Chaddha, arrested for her alleged role in the Geetika Sharma suicide case, was extended by a day by a Delhi court after cops said it had yet to recover certain crucial documents concerning the former MDLR airhostess who had killed herself early this week.Metropolitan magistrate Manish Khurana allowed the custodial interrogation of Chaddha till Sunday after police said the documents of an educational society formed by MDLR Group were yet to be recovered. Geetika was the president of that society.\"Considering the facts and circumstances of the case and the nature of offence and the fact that police investigation could not be completed because of holiday (Janmashtami), I am of the considered view that one-day police remand of accused is necessary for the purpose of investigation,\" the court said.Police had sought two-day custody of Chaddha, an employee of MDLR Group, saying she did not cooperate during her earlier questioning. Her interrogation is needed to find out hideouts of the absconding former Haryana minister Gopal Goyal Kanda, whose name, along with that of Chaddha, is also mentioned in Geetika's suicide note. It also said a camera, laptop and a phone had been recovered following her interrogation.Advocate B S Rana, who appeared for Chaddha, opposed the plea, saying she had been in police custody for past three days and had even joined the investigation prior to that on receiving a notice.Rana also said Chaddha's presence was no more required for recovering any documents as the same could be collected from the MDLR office or from the registrar of companies. He also objected to police not disclosing in open court the reason for seeking extension of her remand.Chaddha was arrested on August 8 after she was called in for questioning by police, while Kanda ignored police summons to him to appear before them after rejection of his request for more time made through his counsel.Geetika Sharma (23), a former airhostess with Kanda's MDLR Airline, had alleged in her suicide note that she was ending her life due to harassment by Kanda and MDLR official Chaddha. Kanda and Chaddha have denied the allegations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15455346", "title": "Task force set up to rein in private colleges", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state government has set up a task force comprising senior IAS and IPS officials to rein in the engineering colleges which are violating All India Committee of Technical Education ( AICTE) norms.Umesh Sharaf, senior IPS officer from the CID wing, S K Sinha, senior IAS officer, and officials of the Andhra Pradesh State Council of Higher Education and department of technical education will be part of the committee, officials announced here on Saturday. The task force will conduct inspections at district level. The task force was constituted as per the two ordinances issued by the governor, allowing the state government to have a direct control over the affiliation of professional colleges.The senior officers are expected to set up committees at district levels to carry out inspections. The task force will oversee the inspections and make recommendations to cancel affiliation and recognition of the colleges, if the managements are found guilty. Infrastructure facilities of engineering colleges, MBA and MCA colleges will be checked by the committee. Even their staff strength and student intake will be verified. The government announced the committee at a time when managements of these colleges are in talks with senior officials of higher and technical education departments.The colleges are expected to hold talks to fix the fee structure even on Sunday. The counselling dates will be announced after the conclusion of the fee structure talks, officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "barrackpore", "code": "15454406", "title": "Man killed for wanting his money back", "text": "BARRACKPORE: A 42-year-old man who never hesitated to lend money was beaten to death by his friends on Friday night when he asked them to repay the loan they had taken. Police have arrested one of the accused.At around 9.30pm on Friday, the victim was summoned by Lob, Nemai, Joy and Kishore to Lob's house with the promise that his money will be repaid. But on reaching Lob's house, the four refused to pay, leading to an altercation. Later, they dragged Amal to a nearby club ground and started thrashing him. \"They even hit his head with a brick. He was declared dead when taken to Barrackpore B N Bose hospital,\" a local said.\"We have arrested Lob Sarkar. Raids are on to nab the others,\" a senior police official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "munnar", "code": "15459342", "title": "CPM leader Mani denies making controversial speech", "text": "MUNNAR: After running into controversy again, CPM leader MM Mani on Sunday strongly refuted having made a speech two days back in which he purportedly said the party was involved in the murder of an INTUC leader in Idukki district.Mani's denial came a day after Malayalam television channels aired an audio of the speech purportedly made by him at a public meeting at Pathammile near here last week.\"This is totally untrue... I never said that we (CPM workers) were involved in the killing of Balu (a local INTUC functionary... The audio put out by channels are fake,\" Mani asserted at a press meet here on Sunday.Mani, who was removed as CPM's Idukki district secretary and suspended from the state committee in the backdrop of a speech that embarrassed the party in May last, accused a section of the media of \"indulging in false propaganda to malign me and my party.\"\"Some of you, friends, appear keen to see my end... My request to you is that please refrain from that. It is deplorable and I register my strong protest at that,\" he said.Mani is a powerful party functionary in upland Idukki, Kerala's leading plantation district where estate unions are vital components of all parties. Mani had headed CPM's district unit for over two decades and has been a state committee member for long.His earlier speech that the party had allegedly eliminated political foes had hugely embarrassed CPM in Kerala, at a time when it was on the defensive in the wake of the murder of Marxist rebel and RMP leader T P Chandrasekharan.The CPM had then distanced itself from Mani and he was openly censured after making it clear that physically annihilating political opponents was not its policy.However, based on that controversial speech, police registered a criminal case against him and some other district functionaries of CPM and launched a fresh investigation in the past cases of political murders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15455058", "title": "Dakshina Kannada gets Rs 325cr for drinking water schemes", "text": "MANGALORE: The state government has sanctioned Rs 325.85 crore for the implementation of long pending multi-village drinking water scheme in five taluks of Dakshina Kannada district, said K T Shailaja Bhat, president, Dakshina Kannada zilla panchayat, on Saturday.A decision to this effect was taken at the state-level planning committee on drinking water.Following a request by zilla panchayat, the government has accorded administrative sanction for Rs 86 crore for three projects in Mangalore taluk, Rs 173.85 crore for eight projects in Bantwal taluk, Rs 19 crore for six projects in Sullia taluk, Rs 23 crore for projects in Puttur taluk and Rs 24 crore for two projects in Belthangady taluk. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15456037", "title": "MSME sector in state plagued with lack of skilled labour", "text": "INDORE: Lack of skilled labour and non-availability of cluster approach among other problems, are plaguing the MSME sector of the state, said DS Mandloi, director, MSME Development Institute.Mandloi was talking to the media after inaugurating FRO2012, an expo organised here by Franchise India, on Saturday. He said that while there was an acute shortage of skilled labour in the sector, the introduction of cluster approach will help increase competition in the sector.The MSME Ministry of central government has funded a number of MSMEs in the state during the current year. They include one engineering cluster each at Bhopal , Satna and Nemawar.While the ministry provides a grant of up to Rs 6 crore to the MSMEs aspiring to invest a maximum of Rs 10 crore for their projects, the remaining amount is given by the state government, Mandloi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "tirunelveli", "code": "15453740", "title": "Curfew extended in Kudankulam", "text": "TIRUNELVELI: Even as the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Project (KKNPP) authorities are gearing up for loading of uranium fuel in the first reactor of the Indo-Russian project, security has been tightened in and around the plant in Tirunelveli district.Section 144 enforced in the surroundings of Kudankulam has been extended till September 10 to prevent anti-nuclear protesters from assembling or staging protests near the plant site. The district administration had ordered a curfew in and around Kudankulam on March 19 after the state government decided to give the go-ahead for work to proceed in the plant that was stalled after protests. Since then, curfew has continued and was set to be lifted on Saturday.But the Atomic Energy Regulatory Commission's (AERC) nod for uranium fuel loading given two days ago has put the spotlight again on the nuclear plant and the protesters. Though anti-nuclear power activists and villagers confined their protest to coastal Idinthakarai village all these days, district collector R Selvaraj issued an order under Section 144 extending curfew till September 10, apprehending assembling of protesters near the nuclear plant. \"We have received information that anti-social elements and protesters could assemble in Kudankulam and spark unrest and disturb public peace,\" said a statement from the district administration. A large posse of police personnel was mobilised and posted around Kudankulam nuclear plant.People's Movement Against Nuclear Energy (PMANE) has condemned the decision of the AERC granting clearance for fuel loading, terming it \"undemocratic, authoritarian and unconstitutional,\" and has said it would observe August 15 as Black Day.PMANE coordinator S P Udhayakumar said in a statement that PMANE was waiting for the judgment of the Madras HC to decide its future course of action. \"Since the Indian nuclear establishment's decision insults the Madras high court, violating the Indian Constitution, PMANE will observe August 15, 2012 as Black Day. We will hoist black flags atop our homes and public places,\" he said. He also said fishermen from several coastal villages in Tirunelveli, Kanyakumari and Tuticorin districts would strike work until the high court judgment on KKNPP was announced. Shopkeepers in and around these villages would also close their shops in support of the struggle, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15455549", "title": "Poll fever grips colleges, universities of Rajasthan", "text": "JAIPUR: The election fever is picking up in all the state universities and colleges. Major students groups - ABVP and NSUI - have named their candidates for the Rajasthan University Students' Union posts. The announcement of names by both the groups sparked resentment among many potential candidates who formed a third front to give a dent.Furious over the denial by the NSUI to his candidature for the president's post, Sangram Solanki has staged a march from the RU main gate to V-C secretariat displaying his strength and expressing his displeasure on Saturday. His supporters in the rally attempted to jam the JLN Marg; however, police present on the campus swung to action and resorted to lathicharge. No student was reported injured.At a time when police personnel were dispersing the crowd at the main gate, Sunil Khatik, an ABVP rebel, was holding a meeting with over 300 students on the campus urging support for him.Khatik claimed that the ABVP has given \"undue favour\" to presidential candidate Rajesh Meena. \"They have ignored my ground work of last five years while choosing a candidate who has done nothing for the party,\" said Khatik, who alleged that money power plays a vital role in ABVP.Hours after the lathicharge, Sangram Singh announced formation of a third front and appointing himself as the presidential candidate and Dharamveer Sharma for the general secretary post of RUSU. Sharma alleged that both NSUI and ABVP are encouraging casteism by allotting tickets to candidates considering their community vote base rather than their leadership qualities.RU authorities are hoping that the elections are conducted peacefully. They took some extra measures after learning lessons from last year's mistakes and temporarily closed the RU gate at Tilak Marg. They also put up barricades at the RU main gate restricting entry from right and exit from left gates. Police are on vigil round the clock checking every possible vehicles especially carrying food packets. Every second SUV entering the gate is bringing in supplies to the hostels.Similar scenes are witnessed at the Maharani's girls college. A group of girl students led by Ankita Sharma attempted to block the Tonk Road demanding ATM and proper water supply on the campus. It took police almost 30 minutes to convince the protesting girls to restrict their stir on the campus.Principal Anjali Krishnamurti has asked police to deploy lady personnel at all entry and exit gates for immediate cracking down on the students' protest.Meanwhile, NSUI late on Saturday has announced the name of candidates in Bundi, Pali, Hanumangarh, Churu and Bhilwara. NSUI spokesperson Ashok Yadav Mehroli said, \"The names of the rest of districts will be announced by Sunday afternoon.\" The Dean Students Welfare has also completed framing the list of voters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "gulbarga", "code": "15455144", "title": "After boy's death, school declares indefinite holiday", "text": "GULBARGA: The management of Shri Guru Vidyapeetha Residential High School has declared holidays for an indefinite period of time starting from Sunday.Mohammed Jeelan, 15, a student of the school died on Friday and his parents had blamed the teachers for his death saying it was a result of corporal punishment. On Saturday, the school wore a deserted look except for a few teachers at the campus. Refusing to talk to TOI, they said they did not know anything about the circumstances that led to the boy's death as they were in their respective classrooms.A first PU student, under condition of anonymity, said teachers had asked them to inform their parents to come and take them home. When asked for how many days the school would be closed, the student said teachers had told them that they would call their parents and inform them when the school decides to reopen.Shivakumar, a parent, said he had come to meet his daughter after hearing about the incident. \"We were scared, so I came here. But the school has declared a holiday, so I will be taking my daughter home now itself,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15455987", "title": "Stock prices of MP-based companies remain flat", "text": "INDORE: Following Sensex and Nifty that ended flat on Friday, stocks of MP-based listed companies too followed suit. Analysts advise investors to wait and watch before taking any call on their investments at the stock exchanges.Santosh Sahu, senior research analyst at Swastika Investment said that investors may opt to buy HEG above Rs 250 level for a target of Rs 320-360 level with stock loss (SL) of Rs 200. HEG is one of the leading graphite electrode manufacturer situated at Mandideep near Bhopal .Stock price of Bhopal-based solvent extraction plant, Sawaria Agro Oils also remained flat on the day. Investors of Sanwaria Agro Oils can buy above Rs 43 for target of Rs 60/70 level with SL of Rs 30, added Sahu.Talking about Grasim Industries , a flagship company of the Aditya Birla Group which has got its viscose plant at Nagda, the experts said that the stocks of the company too fell in line with other companies' stocks.The investors say that investors may choose to buy Grasim above Rs 3,060 level for target of Rs 3,500 level with stock loss of Rs 2,960. Long term investors can buy GEI above Rs 115 for target of Rs 160/180 level with SL of Rs 88, the experts said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15460282", "title": "Lady Gaga plays godmother to Elton John's son", "text": "Lady Gaga is getting an entire wing built in her new house on the Greek island of Crete, for Elton John and David Furnish's son Zachary.John and Furnish chose her along with magazine editor Ingrid Sischy, and Sichy's partner Sandy Brant as their tot's godmothers.\"GaGa is going to give Zachary his own nursery which includes a huge bedroom, playroom and bathroom and will overlook the Cretan sea,\" the Sun quoted a source as saying.\"She's already flown in special wallpaper and a big boy bed for a toddler because she knows the place won't be finished for months,\" the source said.Zachary's parents John and Furnish couldn't praise GaGa enough.\"She's all about inclusiveness and tolerance,\" Furnish said.\"She believes you can be whoever you want to be, we don't have to live in a world of conformity and we can all benefit from individuality,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15461123", "title": "Digvijaya Singh slams LK Advani for remarks on Assam violence", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress leader Digvijay Singh has hit out at BJP leader LK Advani alleging that his comments on Assam violence were adding fuel to the fire.Singh said that Advani's comments on illegal migration were \"ill-timed\" as the state was burning at that time.Accusing Advani of abetting violence in Assam by making provocative statements at Kokrajhar when the area was in the grips of ethnic strife, Singh said \"these (the comments) are like adding fuel to the fire\".He was speaking on the \"Sarokar\" programme at Rajya Sabhha television to be telecast tonight.Advani, who had visited the area in last week of July had linked the situation in the state to that of violence in Jammu and Kashmir.In the one-hour long discussion, Singh also took strong exception to \"BJP's love for Jinnah\" when the opposition party's national executive member Seshadri Chari quoted late Mohammed Ali Jinnah to emphasise the seriousness of the crisis in Assam maintaining that the latter had told his staff that \"within 10 years Assam would come to Pakistan on a platter\".Singh said that the the Assam accord was a result of a long-standing tribal strife in the area and is not a communal issue. The issue is extremely sensitive and needs to be addressed with utmost care, a press release by the Rajya Sabha channel quoted the Congress leader as saying.BJP leaders had come down heavily on the Congress government last week during an adjournment motion on Assam violence in the Lok Sabha.The ethnic violence in Assam, which started on July 19-20, has claimed 77 lives so far besides rendering more than four lakh homeless in the state.Assam Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi yesterday said that 1.6 lakh people displaced in the conflict have returned to their homes from refugee camps.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15455053", "title": "Monsoon remains active over 6 districts, but rainfall scattered", "text": "MANGALORE: Rainfall was widespread in eight districts, fairly widespread in three, scattered in six, isolated in 11 and negligible in two districts in the last 24-hours, up to 8.30am on Saturday.South-west monsoon was active in six districts, normal in 12 and weak in 12 others. Very heavy rain was recorded in three districts, heavy rain in four, rather heavy rain in one, moderate rain in 12, light rain in eight and very light rain in two districts.Rainfall over Karnataka is considered as scattered since 43% of the hoblis and gram panchyaths recorded rainfall greater than or equal to 2.5mm in the last 24-hours, a period that saw Kota in Udupi taluk record a maximum rainfall of 200.5 mm in the state. Widespread, moderate to very heavy rain was received in Kodagu, Udupi, Shimoga, DK, Belgaum, Dharwad, Haveri and Uttara Kannada, said Bangalore-based state natural disaster monitoring centre.Karnataka for the period of June 1 to August 11 has recorded a deficit rainfall of 29%. Against normal average rainfall of 555.9mm in south-interior, north-interior, malnad and coastal parts, state received 392.3mm rainfall.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15461448", "title": "NCP rules out alliance with BJP-led NDA", "text": "PATNA: NCP today ruled out any alliance with the BJP-led NDA keeping in view its secular ideology.\"There is absolutely no question of NCP joining an alliance with the BJP-led NDA as the former can never be part of a coalition having communal parties in its ranks,\" its General Secretary Tariq Anwar told reporters.\"Our party president Sharad Pawar has rightly refuted the claims made by senior Shiv Sena leader Manohar Joshi and has categorically spelled out that NCP can never be part of an alliance or government in which the BJP is a part,\" he said.On Joshi's claims that the NCP has brokered temporary truce with the Congress and may join the NDA ahead of the 2014 general elections, the NCP leader asked the former to refrain from speculating about other political parties.NCP will organise a two-day national conference at Baroda in Gujarat from September 15 to prepare for the upcoming Assembly polls, he said.Anwar criticised Gujarat Chief Minister Narendra Modi for his alleged role in Rs one lakh crore land allotment scam for industrial activities.He also criticised Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar for alleged Rs 2,000 crore scam as highlighted by the CAG report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15455356", "title": "Movies to soon carry anti-smoking messages", "text": "HYDERABAD: If your favourite screen hero is displaying machismo by smoking in the movie, he will not have to come down to earth. But keeping his big image on the screen aside, he will have to do some plain talking about the health hazards of smoking.Fresh instructions have been issued to the regional offices of the Central Board of Film Certification (CBFC) that anti-smoking messages will have to be incorporated twice in the film .The anti-smoking message will be for 20 seconds and it will have to be shown before the start of the movie and again after the interval.The anti-smoking message should carry the voice-over of any of the characters who are shown smoking in the movie. Apart from this anti-smoking message, the static anti-smoking message will also have to be displayed for the duration of smoking in the film.According to CBFC sources, the new rule has been conveyed to all the regional officers. There were some practical difficulties in enforcing a complete ban on showing smoking in films and a notification was also issued by the health ministry on October 27, 2011.The film industry, however, was unhappy with the ban and took up the matter with the information and broadcasting ministry and also with the court.Recently, officials of the information and broadcasting ministry and health ministry had a meeting in connection with the modifications that need to be issued which would make it more easy for the film industry to accept last year's notification. Until this happens, the information and broadcasting ministry has issued instructions that all filmmakers should presently adhere to the new regulation of incorporating anti-smoking messages.The latest instructions could cause some embarrassment to Telugu movie heroes as they are the ones shown smoking most of the time in the movies.If earlier, villains used to be shown puffing away on the screen, lately, it has been the heroes, especially the younger lot, who are shown smoking.At a meeting organised by CBFC in the city, they had argued as to why smoking should at all be banned in films.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15459727", "title": "Gentleman to woo Chandramukhi", "text": "SAB TV's laugh riot 'FIR' recently saw the entry of someone who loves making the life of the three constables at Imaan chowki miserable.He will be the new person in Chandramukhi Chautala's (Kavita Kaushik) life. He is a Gentleman and is been adored and pampered by Chandramukhi Chautala to the core.In reality Kavita Kaushik adores pets and she was elated to see Gentleman on the sets. Wondering, who we are talking about. Well, the Gentleman entering Chandramukhi Chautala's life is a cute; endearing PUG whose name is Gentleman. He is a star in his own way. This cute little pug will entertain the masses with his stunts. Even the unit members cannot resist from his charm and end up playing with the lovable pug after shoots.Kavita Kaushik who plays the role of Chandramukhi Chautala, says, \"It is always good to have such character appearances on the sets. It makes our shooting experiences very interesting. I can't even explain how excited I was when I saw him.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15455932", "title": "Private firm to distribute power in 3 cities", "text": "BHOPAL: With reforms underway in Madhya Pradesh power sector for more than a decade, a private company is all set to start electricity distribution work in three cities as franchisee shortly, a top energy sector official said.\"The three power distribution companies (discoms) have granted franchise to a private firm to start power distribution network to rev up revenue collection in Gwalior, Ujjain and Sagar. This company will do metering, billing, revenue collection, besides operations and maintenance work in the three districts with high power pilferage and poor revenue collection,\" he added.\"We have given on franchise small areas to private parties in power distribution network in the past. Now, we have given the work for three big districts,\" he added.\"Revenue collection of the three discoms is around Rs 1,000 crore monthly, which is less than the expenditure borne in running the power sector's show in the state,\" he added.For well over a decade, reforms are underway in the power sector under which different companies were carved out from the now closed down Madhya Pradesh State Electricity Board (MPSEB).Despite, reforms the three discoms - Central, East and West were running into losses to the tune of crore of rupees. Right now the discoms are struggling hard to control distribution losses and make their system better. The MP Power Generating Company Limited (MPPGCL) too was running into huge loss.Torrent PowerTorrent Power was carrying out power distribution work in Ahmedabad and Bhiwandi in Maharashtra while Spanco followed suit in Nagpur city in Maharashtra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15454937", "title": "Ministry opposes SEZ in land Bill", "text": "NEW DELHI: The commerce and industries ministry has opposed the inclusion of special economic zones (SEZs) in the land acquisition law, undercutting the attempt to put a big source of land purchase under stricter norms and increased compensation regime.The opposition comes in the wake of rural development ministry's new draft of land acquisition amendment bill which included SEZ in its ambit. The move would make acquisition of even privately negotiated land deals for economic zones liable for higher compensation and rehabilitation.The new draft, tweaked after recommendations of parliamentary standing committee, was sent to key ministries for their opinion.The commerce ministry is learnt to have argued that putting SEZs under the proposed law was not acceptable since it was kept out of its ambit in the original bill tabled in Parliament. It also argued that increased compensation and R&R; would make manufacturing unviable.The demand to drop SEZ from the land Bill is likely to test the government on the sensitive issue that has strong resonance with both the civil society and industrialists who are on the opposite sides of the acquisition divide. While activists argue that farmers, especially tribals, were being cheated by easy acquisition norms, the industry groups have warned that stringent norms on acquisition and compensation would hurt industrialization.Observers felt that RD minister Jairam Ramesh may drop the SEZs from the ambit of new law, if only to reduce the in-house resistance that would brighten the chances of getting it past Parliament in the ongoing session. The government would be keen to pass the bill , if only to shake off impression of policy paralysis and win brownie points with farmers.The parliamentary panel had slammed the move to exempt 16 sector-specific land acquisition Bills (like of railways, defence, SEZ) from the new acquisition law, arguing 95% land acquisition would be beyond the jurisdiction of amended 1894 LA Act.The RD ministry's revised draft removed the SEZ Act from the exemption list, apparently to convince the civil society that it was widening the ambit of enhanced compensation regime since economic zones need more land.But observers felt the move was to preempt the possible criticism for rejecting the parliamentary panel's suggestion that government should have no role in private projects, including Public Private Partnership. The revised draft argued that \"in a developing economy like ours, government intervention is required to facilitate development\".The new draft will ease the requirement of consent for acquisition and land purchase, a key demand from industry groups. It will change the criteria from \"consent of 80% project affected families\" to \"80% landowners\", in turn reducing the number of people whose nod is to be secured by managers of PPP projects or private parties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "nagpur ", "code": "15455788", "title": "Corporators Slam Nagpur Municipal Corporation Engineers\u2019 Report", "text": "NAGPUR : In an interesting revelation, the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has claimed that there are just 1,256 potholes remaining on roads as on August 10. It roughly translates to just one pothole for every three kilometre.Considering the poor condition of the roads currently, citizens would find it hard to believe the claim. Corporators from almost all parties have slammed the report and asked the engineers to visit all the wards and make a correct estimate of potholes.According to NMC's data, there were 2,815 potholes on all roads, including those coming under the jurisdiction of NMC, NIT, PWD and NHAI. Out of it, 1,334 potholes were on roads with width over 12 metres while the remaining are on roads below the specified width.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15455767", "title": "Man held for forging penalty papers", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A vigilant city police inspector detected a widespread scam rampant in RTO and nabbed a middleman who forged the challan issued by city police and RTO. There may be hundreds of cases where the applicants might be fooled by the middlemen in lowering the fine amount prescribed by the cops.According to Madhavpura police officials, senior police inspector- SG Parmar, came to know of a man who had come to get his auto back. The auto was seized by the police officials on multiple charges a fortnight ago. When the man came back with an RTO receipt of Rs 550, it surprised cops.\"I got a closer look at the receipt and suspected that the receipt was forged. I then sent my men for verification at the RTO. They got the records and found that indeed the sections mentioned by both police and RTO were changed so that the accused would have to pay less amount. We got the original receipt and asked the auto driver how the receipt was changed,\" said Parmar.The officials said that Mohammed Shakeel Shaikh, a resident of Shah-e-Alam, used to throng RTO compound and approached the persons who came to pay the fines to the RTO and offered to lower the charges.\"Shaikh used to cut the figures and also twist the dates to suit the application. Thus, if you have your insurance expired, he would change the date for you and you would have to pay tenth of the original amount. He would always give the photocopies of the doctored documents so that the officials would not detect it easily. As there are hundreds of persons visiting RTO everyday, it is impossible to go through every challan,\" said a Madhavpura police official.Investigators believe that there would be more such agents involving in malpractice at the RTO. \"We are determined to break the ring,\" said Parmar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15460497", "title": "Mask audio unveiled", "text": "The audio launch of Jiiva's forthcoming movie Mask (Mugamoodi in Tamil) was held today (August 12) in Hyderabad. The cast and crew of the film, along with Tollywood personalities graced the audio function at Annapurna studios 7 acres.Ali, Jiiva, VV Vinayak, Nazar, Gemini Kiran, Shyam Prasad Reddy, Ramesh Puppala, Atchi Reddy, Sunil, NV Prasad, RB Chowdary, Bhimaneni Srinivasa Rao, Pooja Hedge, etc were seen at the event.The film, which is directed by Mysskin, is tipped as South India's first superhero film and apparently Jiva had a tough time shooting for the film wearing a special suit which weighed more than 12 kgs.The film is produced by UTV Motion Pictures in Tamil and Mega Super Good Films in Telugu. Krishna Kumar has composed the music, while Pooja Hegde plays Jiiva's love interest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15454749", "title": "Gender violence rising but political apathy persists", "text": "The molestation of a teenage girl on July 9, 2012 in Guwahati, Assam , which took place in full public view, has brought ignominy to the nation. Not a day passes without cases of atrocities against women dominating the news headlines. This systematic attack on women in public spaces is symptomatic of not just the appalling levels of gender violence in our society, but also of the insensitivity of the political class to push through radical reforms to address the same.Crimes against women, especially relating to rape and sexual assault including molestation are steadily rising in the country. This is notwithstanding the fact that due to social stigma, many sexual crimes go unreported in official records. The National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB) reveals that the proportion of IPC crimes committed against women to the total IPC crimes has increased from 8.8% in 2007 to 9.4% during the year 2011.However, there has been no radical overhaul of the laws relating to rape and sexual assault, but rather a steady decline in the conviction rates of rapists with ever-fewer victims getting justice. Despite important High Court and Supreme Court mandated guidelines on dealing with rape cases, the systemic inadequacies of an ill-equipped, understaffed police and investigative machinery are reflected in a shameful 26% rape conviction rate nationwide, as reported by the NCRB in 2011.It is clear from some of these statistics that the Indian State continues to play a passive role in tackling the prickly issue of gender violence in society. There have been a number of government-mandated commissions including the National Commission of Women (NCW) and the Law Commission of India that have called for a fundamental overhaul in the Indian Penal Code, Indian Evidence Act and Code of Criminal Procedure to deal with the specific phenomenon of sexual crimes against women. But most of these proposals have been placed on the backburner for want of political will, with the result that prevailing laws of the land fail to reflect and adequately deal with the myriad ways in which women are routinely humiliated, denigrated and assaulted.In this regard, section 375 of the IPC which deals with rape, understood purely in terms of non-consensual sexual intercourse, remains highly problematic. The 172nd report of the Law Commission in 2000 recognised this definitional limitation and called for a thorough review of this provision, favouring a more gender-neutral and broad-based definition to cover other forms of acts like unlawful sexual contact, crimes of molestation and sexual assault, that fall outside the purview of rape. Further, it widened the gamut of sexual assault committed by people in positions of authority, private as well as public, and prescribed an enhanced punishment under section 376 of the IPC, which included imprisonment for life as well. Many of the commission's recommendations were incorporated in the home ministry's draft Criminal Law (Amendment) Bill 2010, which is still pending Cabinet approval.In addition, section 354 of the IPC, which deals with assault and use of criminal force with the intent of outraging a women's modesty, urgently needs revision. In fact, the NCW in its recommendations on amendments to laws relating to rape and related provisions called for its deletion. The penalty of two years' imprisonment, or fine, or both, is trifle in comparison to the brutal violation and degradation that the victims endure.Similarly, section 509 of the IPC that focuses on insulting a women's modesty through words, sounds, gestures and exhibitionism that intrudes upon her privacy obscures other forms of sexual harassment like eve-teasing and stalking that are equally grievous. In other words, forms of sexual harassment, which do not take place in a public space or involve physical contact, are not treated as substantive offences under the law. The penalty of simple imprisonment of one year, or with fine, or both, stands testament to this fact. The Law Commission's 2000 report sought to stringently deal with such offences by making them cognizable and non-bailable, increasing the punishment to three years' imprisonment and fine.To conclude, one hopes that the Indian government will adopt a zero-tolerance policy towards gender-based violence and sexual crimes against women. Surely, in the absence of political consensus on women's reservation, all political parties can at least unequivocally agree on stringent punishment for perpetrators of crimes against women and speedy judicial relief for victims. The first step in that direction would be to fulfil many of its pending proposals that include not simply legal reforms but also addressing systemic failures of the police and judiciary in ensuring gender justice in society.Nripendra Misra is director, Public Interest Foundation (PIF) and ex-chairman, TRAI. Nidhi Sen is research associate at PIF", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "athens", "code": "15457920", "title": "Sahaj Grover becomes Grandmaster", "text": "ATHENS: Former under-10 world champion Sahaj Grover completed the formalities to become a Grandmaster defeating Jorge Cori of Peru in the ninth round of the World Junior Chess Championship.Hunting for the third and final GM norm for a year now, Grover crushed Cori who played with white. The Delhi-based had made his second norm during the last World Junior Championship at Chennai, and repeating the same feat here puts him among the best junior players of the world.Grover's splendid result was a huge boon to the Indian contingent here and International Master Debashish Das made it a rare Indian double of GM norms by holding Grandmaster Niclas Huschenbath of Germany to an easy draw.For Das, it was the maiden GM norm and he will have to make two more norms to become a Grandmaster.For Grover, it was a delightful day as everything went according to his plan. The Indian came up with an opening surprise by opting for the Grunfeld defence as black, something he had never done before and even as Cori quickly played the opening moves, he drew a blank in the early middle game.By move 16, both players had spent little time after every move thereafter the time difference grew as Grover had worked out his strategy at home in perfect fashion.The outcome of the game was clear by move 25 and Cori, the fourth youngest Grandmaster ever in the history of the game, conceded defeat.For Das, it all happened swiftly as he knew a draw was enough. The English opening of Huschenbeth did not yield desired results and his attempt at an attack on the king proved futile in the middle game.Das was forcing a draw when Huschenbeth decided to part with his queen and forced repetition of moves.With the huge Indian party, there was a lot of fighting chess at the top of the tables too. Richard Rapport of Hungary defeated second seed fancied Chinese Yu Yangyi to grab the sole lead on 7.5 points. The Hungarian is now followed by Aleksandr Shimanov of Russia,Alexander Ipatov of Turkey and Conrad Holt of England who all have seven points apiece while Grover and Das are now sharing the fifth spot on 6.5 points.P Shyam Nikil continued with his comeback attempt and outplayed Callum Kilpatrick of England to notch six points in all but the other Indians seems to be slipping away from the race for a podium finish.GM-in-waiting M Shyam Sundar split the point with Evandro Amorim Barbosa of Brazil, Aravindh Chithambaram lost to Aleksandar Indjic of Serbia and Norwegian Frode Urkedal drew with Diptayan Ghosh.Lower down too, Anwesh Upadhyaya and Nishant Malhotra could only manage draws.In the girls' championship being held simultaneously, Bhakti Kulkarni played out a draw with Jovanna Vojinovic of Montenegro to reach six points out of a possible nine.Pon N Krithika succumbed to another defeat to remain on four points while Ivana Maria Furtado inched herself up to 4.5 points defeating Megan Owens of Wells.The lead here is now shared by Gup Qi of China, defending champion Deysi Cori of Peru and Meri Arabidze of Georgia who all have seven points apiece.Four more rounds remain in both championships that decide the best under-20 player in the world.Important and Indian results round 9 (Indians unless specified): Richard Rapport (Hun, 7.5) beat Yu Yangyi (Chn, 6.5); Alexander Ipatov (Tur, 7) drew with Samvel Ter-Sahakyan (Arm, 6.5); Peter Schreiner (Aut, 6.5) drew with Ding Liren (Chn, 6.5); Aleksandr Shimanov (Rus, 7) beat Wei Yi (Chn, 6); Mark Lapidus (Est, 6) lost to Conrad Holt (Eng, 7); Niclas Huschenbeth (Ger, 6) drew with Debashis Das (7); Grigoriy Oparin (Rus, 6.5) beat Robin Van Kampen (Ned, 5.5): Antonios Pavlidis (Gre, 5.5) lost to Nils Grandelius (Swe, 6.5); Jorge Cori (Per, 5.5) lost to Sahaj Grover (6.5); Yaroslav Zherebukh (Ukr, 6) beat Aman Hambleton (Can, 5.5); M Shyam Sundar (5.5) drew with Evandro Amorim Barbosa (Bra, 5.5); P Shyam Nikil (6) beat Callum Kilpatrick (Eng, 5); Aravindh Chithambaram (5) lost to Aleksandar Indjic (Srb, 6); Frode Urkedal (Nor, 5.5) drew with Diptayan Ghosh (5.5); Camilo Juan Torres (Col, 4.5) drew with Anwesh Upadhyaya (4.5); Nishant Malhotra (4) drew with Nuri Kambez (Sui, 4)Girls: Nastassia Ziaziulkina (Blr, 6.5) lost to Guo Qi (Chn, 7); Deysi Cori (Per, 7) beat Aleksandra Goryachkina (Rus, 6); Meri Arabidze (Geo, 7) beat Irina Bulmaga (Rou, 6); Anastasia Bodnaruk (Rus, 6.5) beat Aulia Medina Warda (Ina, 5.5); Bhakti Kulkarni (6) drew with Jovanna Vojinovic (Mne, 6); Alina Kashlinskaya (Rus, 6) beat Irina Petrova (Ukr, 5); Lisa Schut (Ned, 5) lost to Monica Sihite Chelsie (Ina, 6); Klara Varga (Hun, 6) beat Mona Khaled (Egy, 5); Maria Nevioselaya (Blr, 5) beat Pon N Krithika (4); Megan Owens (Wls, 3.5) lost to Ivana Maria Furtado (4.5).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15454941", "title": "Rains make eyes go pink", "text": "LUDHIANA: Monsoon is here and so is conjunctivitis. Despite low rainfall this year, conjunctivitis or pink eye cases are on the rise in the city like all years.Commonly termed as eye flu, conjunctivitis is an infection of the conjunctiva, the outermost layer of the eye, and is caused by viral or bacterial infection. It results in redness and constant discharge from the eye, with pain or itching. Doctors are asking people to take care of basic hygiene and avoid being in crowded places if affected by the pink eye, in order to prevent the spread of this contagious infection.Dr Satish Thomas, a senior eye specialist at Christian Medical College and Hospital (CMCH), said, \"Conjunctivitis is a common eye disease and may affect one or both eyes. Some forms of conjunctivitis can be highly contagious and spread easily. While it is usually a minor eye infection, sometimes it can develop into a more serious problem. It may be caused by a viral or bacterial infection, and can also occur due to an allergic reaction to irritants in the air like pollen and smoke, chlorine in swimming pools, and ingredients in cosmetics or other products that come in contact with the eyes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15458182", "title": "I would like to revive The Legend of Kunal: Chandraprakash Dwivedi", "text": "The Legend of Kunal, an ambitious project that had a huge star cast with Amitabh Bachchan,Tabu and Arjun Rampal which could not see the day of light remains the closest to the heart of director Dr Chandraprakash Dwivedi.\"The biopic that was shelved due to the cost factors is a project which I would like to revive.I am looking for the right time to restart this film though the star cast could change. With the passage of time even the story telling goes a change.When ever that project revives , even I don't know the time frame , the story of the film would certainly would be different which I had written five years back,\" says the director whose last directed film is Sunny Deol starrer Mohalla Assi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15453648", "title": "No headway in Kashi Vishwanath Temple security issues", "text": "VARANASI: Finding a solution to the issues related to security at the highly sensitive Kashi Vishwanath Gyanvapi complex remained a difficult task for the standing committee on Kashi Vishwanath Gyanvapi security.It became clear when the committee met at the office of divisional commissioner for a few minutes on Saturday. The meeting, which should take place on quarterly basis, was held after a gap of eight months.It was considered that the local administration, police and agencies like Varanasi Municipal Corporation (VMC) would have made any progress in the matter. The meeting ended in about an hour.ADG (security) Rajnikant Mishra made it clear that all the pending issues like ending the crisis of manpower, action on old and dilapidated buildings, uninterrupted power supply through separate feeders were still lingering.Talking about crisis of manpower in the civil police, Mishra said that mainly the posts of sub-inspectors are vacant.\"The crisis of SIs is being faced across the state and it would continue until fresh recruitments are made,\" he said. Skipping a query made by reporters regarding the proposal of dedicated force for the highly sensitive sites of the state like Kashi, Ayodhya, Mathura and Agra, he said that the provision of force required for the security of Kashi Vishwanath Gyanvapi complex had already been made with the district police of Varanasi.He said that efforts regarding power supply to the complex through a separate feeder are continuing. Regarding around 45 dilapidated buildings, which are dangerous for the security forces as well as the pilgrims, he said that the issues of such structures are linked with different departments.\"Some buildings are being purchased by Kashi Vishwanath Temple Trust, many have to be acquired,\" he said.About Pancho Pandava building, which had to be evacuated by the security forces in view of a high court order in 2010-11, Mishra said that the process for its acquisition is also progressing.Mishra, who also visited the complex to review the security arrangements, said that the condition of the security equipment installed there is satisfactory. Some of the equipment were found non-functional but these would be repaired soon. IG GL Meena, divisional commissioner CK Tiwari, DIG A Satish Ganesh, district magistrate Saurabh Babu, SSP BD Paulson and officials of CRPF, intelligence, VMC and others were present in the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15453626", "title": "Training for cops on crime criminal tracking network system soon", "text": "VARANASI: A statewide training for policemen will commence from August 13 to handle crime through criminal tracking network system (CCTNS). ADG (technical services) Arun Kumar told TOI on Saturday said that the process to upload crime records and other police data of the past 10 years would also start. He was in the city on Saturday to discuss the plan of the proposed training programme with the SSP and SPs of Varanasi zone at police lines. Kumar said that the objective of the meeting was to sensitize police regarding CCTNS. Its implementation had already been started in the state.CCTNS had already been launched in Ghazipur district, Lucknow and Gautam Buddh Nagar in July as a pilot project. As a part of the pilot project, CCTNS was tested at Kapsethi police station in Varanasi.Kumar said that other processes like installation of hardware and software would also start with the training programme for the junior cops. This project of the National Crime Record Bureau (NCRB) and Union home ministry is aimed at connecting all police stations of the country through virtual private network (VPN).CCTNS would be installed in all 1,504 police stations of the state, including 65 of Government Railway Police (GRP) and offices of circle officers, additional SSPs/SPs, control rooms, DIG and IG offices. The basic works, including installation of hardware, software and training of policemen are expected to be completed in 15 months. An apex committee headed by the chief secretary and an empowered committee under DGP are monitoring this exercise.Computerization of police stations had been done under computer integrated programme application (CIPA) in the past. But, due to unavailability of power supply and alternative arrangements, very few police stations utilized its benefits. Keeping it in view, provision of generator sets and separate budget for fuel had also been sanctioned by the government.CCTNS is a project under the national e-governance plan of the Centre. It aims at creating a comprehensive and integrated system for enhancing efficiency and effectiveness of police through e-governance and creation of a nationwide network for IT-enabled state-of-the-art tracking system for investigation of crime and detection of criminals.The objectives of the scheme are to make the police citizen friendly and transparent by automating the functioning of police stations. It will improve delivery of citizen-centric services and facilitate in investigation. It will also help in improving functioning in areas such as law and order and traffic management. CCTNS would also facilitate in interaction and sharing of information among police stations, districts, state, union territories headquarters and other police agencies. It will assist police officers in better management of force and keep track of the progress of cases in courts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15454184", "title": "Play shows Manipur struggle through poems from Lanka", "text": "CHENNAI: The poems were by women from war-torn Sri Lanka but the stage was set in violence-hit Manipur. 'Thagippu' or scorching heat, which was performed on Friday in Chennai, brought alive not only the life of Manipuri civil rights activist Irom Sharmila, but also showed that women are the worst hit in times of war.Written and directed by Mangai, a city college professor, and performed by University of Madras student Jeny Dolly, the 45-minute play used minimal props -- bits of army uniforms, a shoe, a brown stick and torches. It started by recalling the 'Rape Us' protest of 2004 in Manipur following the brutal rape and murder of Manorama Devi by Army officers.The play explored the impact of insurgency as a woman torchbearer narrated the struggles to her infant daughter and brought forth the alienation of the people from the north eastern states with their Indian identity. Dolly appeared in phanek, the traditional colourful costume of the Manipuris, singing songs of anger. Activist Irom Sharmila continues to fast to get the controversial Armed Forces (Special Powers) Act repealed.\"The play is about the fight of Manipuri women against a state run by the Army, where the armed forces are free to kill, torture and rape people in the name of preventing insurgency,\" said Mangai. The poems she used were adapted from the works of 99 women writers from the war-torn north-east of Sri Lanka. Mangai, an expert in subaltern literature, said India would end up bearing the burden of a human genocide similar to the one in Sri Lanka. \"The history of Manipur is woven in the same fabric as that of Lanka,\" said Mangai, who has published 'Peyal Manakkum Pozhuthu' (The Times of First Rain), an anthology of poems by Sri Lankan authors, three years ago.The play, presented by city-based group Marapacchi, was performed as part of the annual national conference of the National Federation of Indian Women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "15455450", "title": "Over 20 kids injured as school's balcony collapses", "text": "JODHPUR: Over 20 children were injured when the balcony of a middle school collapsed in Phalodi on Saturday. Three of them, who sustained fractures and head injuries, were referred to Jodhpur where they are stated to be out of danger. The police have registered a case and arrested the school owner.According to DySP, Phalodi, Murlidhar Kiradu, the school, 'Dayanand Public School,' was run by one Shyam Bhargava. \"On Saturday, when the classes were in progress as usual, the balcony collapsed and fell over these children. The students were in the age group of 10 to 15 years. They were of different classes but were sitting together,\" Kiradu said.The school building was an old and shabby structure. The previous night's heavy rain weakened the structure further, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15455232", "title": "Zakaria loses media jobs over plagiarism", "text": "Fareed Zakaria , high-profile columnist, TV host and public intellectual was suspended from his job at Time magazine and CNN after he conceded an accusation of plagiarism was valid.\"Media reporters have pointed out that paragraphs in my Time column this week bear close similarities to paragraphs in Jill Lepore's essay in the April 22nd issue of The New Yorker,\" he said in a statement. \"They are right. I made a terrible mistake. It is a serious lapse and one that is entirely my fault. I apologize unreservedly to her, to my editors at Time, and to my readers.\"Zakaria, honoured with a Padma Bhushan in 2010 for his contribution to journalism, is the second prominent US-based Indian to be disgraced in recent weeks. Rajat Gupta, former director of Goldman Sachs and Procter and Gamble, was convicted for securities fraud by a New York court and his sentencing is scheduled for October 18.Zakaria's column, written in the wake of the killings at a gurdwara in Wisconsin last week, made a case for gun control. It was a conservative media blog, Newsbusters that exposed the uncanny resemblance between paragraphs in Zakaria's column and a long essay on the same subject written by a historian, Jill Lepore, for The New Yorker in April 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15454058", "title": "Costly kitchen staples take flavour out of food", "text": "MUMBAI: At a time when many people are eating one meal a day because of Shravan and Ramzan, the cost of the three most important kitchen staples\u2014potato, onion and tomato\u2014is now more than the normal average of Rs 10-12 per kg.\"Potato has come to cost 22 per kg in the past four days. For weeks it was selling at Rs 18, and we thought this was as expensive as this basic root can get. Onions have also become costlier by Rs 2-4 to reach Rs 14 per kg this past week. Tomato is already pinching the pocket at Rs 28-30 per kg. How is the common man expected to cook a basic meal,\" asks Tardeo resident Shreeja Mazumdar whose double-income household is also forced to tighten its belt.Trader Sudhir Sanas of Om Sai Enterprises says around 155-170 trucks carrying potato arrive at the APMC market in Vashi daily. \"Over the past few days we have been only receiving around 130 trucks leading to a shortfall in supply. Onions are also selling for Rs 10 in the wholesale market, and naturally retailers mark up their margin by three to four rupees per kg,\" he says.Vasant Zunghare of Rakhi Traders points out that costs go up because both wholesalers and retailers lose some amount of produce in transportation due to spoilage in the monsoon. He says, \"Potato is grown mainly in regions of Uttar Pradesh. The lack of rainfall this season has caused the crop in these places to fail, leading to slow arrivals. Moreover, our trucks cover an average of 1,300 km from UP to Mumbai. At least 15 kg of every 50 kg goes to waste because the root becomes soggy due to rain. Traders mark up prices to cover this loss as well.\"On Saturday, however, prices of potato dipped just a little in the wholesale market, sending a signal that some relief might be around the corner. \"Still, by and large, potato will continue to remain costly over the next five to six months until the new crop is safely through,\" says Zunghare.The one bulb that has brought some solace is garlic. \"Last year, the crop failed across Madhya Pradesh and Gujarat and retail prices shot up to Rs 250-350 per kg, up from Rs 50-60. As a result, farmers sowed more than the required quantity. This year, the resultant harvest has caused rates to fall to an unprecedented Rs 10-20 per kg in the wholesale market, and Rs 40-50 in the retail bazar,\" says Sanas.Ashok Walunj, the director of the onion-potato market at Vashi's APMC, says, \"Potato is not an essential item so whether it touches Rs 22 or Rs 30 per kg makes no difference to the consumer. The housewife will find a range of vegetables, like cabbage and cauliflower, to choose from. Onion, on the other hand, you cannot do without. This year, the rains are late by two months so the onion crop has been delayed. Later this year, you will pay Rs 25-30 for onions.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "15455629", "title": "20kg foodgrain, 10litre kerosene for flood-hit families in Yavatmal", "text": "YAVATMAL: The state government will accord top priority to provide relief to 6,010 families in 228 villages affected by floods triggered by cloud-bursts in Yavatmal district last month, said chief minister Prithviraj Chavan during his visit to the district on Saturday.Chavan visited the flood affected areas in Akola Bazar and also reviewed damage to houses, crops and public property. He announced immediate supply of 20 kg foodgrains (10kg wheat and 10kg rice) and 10 litres of kerosene to the affected families in the BPL category from Saturday. A government resolution in this regard was issued before Chavan proceeded for Yavatmal.The rehabilitation will cost Rs 108 crore, of which Rs50 crore have been sanctioned already. \"Rs 50 crore will be immediately disbursed for rehabilitation,\" Chavan said, adding that Rs 10 crore will be provided for reconstruction of protection wall at Akola Bazar village.Chavan later visited Koli (Burud) village in Ghatanji tehsil. Thirteen villages come under the submersion area of the proposed Lower Painganga Inter State Irrigation Project. During his address, he urged the villagers to help administration to find suitable land for relocation. \"They will be provided all the basic amenities at the new location,\" assured Chavan. The chief minister also urged the villagers to co-operate with the administration to acquire land for rehabilitation in nearby areas. The government will be also allotting land for relocation while additional land will be acquired from private owners in nearby areas.By way of a permanent solution, the houses in the low-lying areas should be shifted, the chief minister said. \"People living near the rivers should be shifted to safer places, which would save them from floods,\" he said, while talking to reporters after visiting villages Akola Bazar and Koli Bidruk. \"The new houses, which will be provided to the villagers, should have all the 18 facilities as laid down in the government rules,\" he said.Chavan also chaired a review meeting at the Bachat Bhavan where he instructed the officers to coordinate the rehabilitation work. Later, while addressing the media, the chief minister said, \"We need a mechanism to deal with natural calamities like flood.\"Regarding timeframe for the rehabilitation process, Chavan said, \"There are certain norms to be followed but we will make sincere efforts to do it at the earliest.\"While admitting that 26 villages devastated in the 2006 flood are still awaiting rehabilitation, he said it will cost Rs73 crore. \"The government would soon release the fund for the same,\" he added.Giving details about the work done after the recent floods, he said, \"We have already restored water and electric supply. However, 173 sources of water have been completely destroyed or affected and a survey is being carried out to find out new ones,\" said Chavan, adding that all the families have been so far provided with an initial ex-gratia of Rs1000 to Rs5000. Funds will be allotted for compensating soil erosion and crop losses after getting a final report.The chief minister also directed the officials to continue water tanker service in the area till August 31.Social welfare minister Shivajirao Moghe, district guardian minister Nitin Raut, minister for food and drugs administration, Manoharrao Naik, MPCC president Manikrao Thakre, RS member Vijay Darda, MLAs Nilesh Parvekar, Wamanrao Kasawar, Vijay Khadse, Sanjay Rathod, district collector Ashwin Mudgal, SP Ranjankumar Sharma, ZP CEO Naval Kishor Ram and others accompanied Chavan during his visit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15454397", "title": "Bratyajan opens four branches", "text": "KOLKATA: Bratyajan, the theatre group of education minister Bratya Basu, has opened up four branches springing from its nodal branch - Kalindi Bratyajan. These branches - Howrah Bratyajan, Ashokenagar Bratyajan, Ballygunge Bratyajan and Khardah Bratyajan - will follow Basu's theatre philosophy.Theatre director Shekhar Samaddar and poet Joy Goswami praised the move and Basu as a playwright.Basu said, \"I shall extend my support and provide them with suggestions as and when required. Theater is not in shambles anymore.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15457120", "title": "Girija Devi to sing at Delhi Thumri festival", "text": "Top Hindustani classical musicians such as Girija Devi and Ajay Chakrabarty will perform at the two-day Delhi Thumri festival beginning August 13.The festival, being held at Kamani Auditorium and organised by Sahitya Kala Parishad (SKP) and government of Delhi's department of art, culture and languages, will be inaugurated by Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit .The first day will feature Shubha Mudgal and Ajay Chakrabarty while the closing day will feature folk singer Malini Awasthi and Girija Devi. The festival has also grabbed eyeballs on the internet as music lovers are following its Facebook page with a keen interest.Mudgal, who's performing for the first time in Sahitya Kala Parishad's Thumri festival told organisers that she would try and present different kinds of compositions such as \"bandish ki Thumri, bol banao Thumri, dadra, kajri and other allied forms.\" She further told them, \"Keeping in mind the ensuing monsoon season I would try and include seasonal song forms like jhoola and kajri, if time permits.\"Awasthi sees Thumri as a celebration of rains; hence for her performance, she'll include compilations of Krishna songs in kajri and Thumri style. \"The weather is beautiful and this form of music is basically a celebration of rain. I would try and include seasonal songs,\" said Awasthi , who feels honoured to be part of the festival because it gives her an opportunity to perform on the same day as her guru Girija Devi. For Awasthi too, it's her first performance at the SKP Thumri festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15455933", "title": "Cardinal George AlancherryGeorge Alancherry on Bhopal visit", "text": "BHOPAL: Newly-ordained cardinal, belonging to the Syro-Malabar denomination of the Catholic Church, George Alancherry would be on a two-day visit to the state capital from Sunday.According to an official release by the Catholic Church, MP, he has been invited by the Archdiocese of Bhopal on behalf of the Syro Malabar Catholics in the diocese to preside over the concluding ceremony of the mission year declared by the Syro-Malabar Synod in August 2011.The cardinal would also be attending number of other programmes organised by various Christian communities in the short span of two days.The functions by the Catholic Church of Madhya Pradesh would be held at Carmel Convent, BHEL on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15459016", "title": "50 Cent calls Kim Kardashian 'trash'", "text": "50 Cent has made his long drawn musical rivalry with Kanye West more personal by slamming his girlfriend Kim Kardashian .The rapper gave an interview to XXL magazine in which he says of Kanye's love interest that \"one man's trash is another man's treasure.\"The dig came after the hip hop artist was asked about West's new song 'Perfect Bitch,' which is about the reality star.\"I mean ... if that man feel like she's perfect, then she's perfect. He could mean it and you'll end up singing the words to it because he's Kanye,\" the New York Daily News quoted him as telling the publication.\"You know how it is? One man's trash is another man's treasure,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15454691", "title": "Stirs flop, UPA out of Anna-Ramdev pincer", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the crowds and the fervour not quite matching last year's show, yoga guru Ramdev's \" agitation\" at Delhi's Ramlila Maidan doesn't hold the peril it earlier did for the government, which has decided to studiously ignore him.The government's careful indifference is in contrast with last year when, panic-stricken, it rushed a clutch of ministers headed by its former chief troubleshooter Pranab Mukherjee to IGI airport to roll out a red carpet for the yoga guru and offer him a peace package.Taken along with Team Anna's disappointing display, the government is losing its fear of the Team Anna-Ramdev civil society pincer. Its spirits, buoyed by the Hazare group's error in choosing the 2011 year-end and a large ground in Mumbai to stage its protest, were further boosted by the poor turnout at Jantar Mantar.Ramdev was the only remaining threat of public mobilization and this is also turning out to be a blunt barb. If he subsides, the BJP too will be robbed of a convenient anti-government vehicle to hitch itself onto.Ramdev's fast is to end on Sunday and he has promised a \"big announcement\" in case the government does not concede his demand for a Lokpal, changes in the appointment process for posts like CBI and CVC chiefs and return of black money to India.So far, there is no hint of the government reaching out to him and Ramdev's movement could be in danger of meeting the same fate as Team Anna's. Just as the Hazare group had to end its stir without forcing the government to sue for peace, Ramdev may need to hunt for a face-saver on Sunday.Divisions in Team Anna over floating a political party and the Gandhian leader himself denouncing the move have left the activists in disarray. After having emerged as a scourge of the government since Hazare's hugely successful fast at Jantar Mantar in April last year, the group looks dispirited and at odds with itself.Ramdev's efforts are not getting the attention he has been used to despite receiving the support of former Army chief General V K Singh, who is to be present on stage on Sunday. Gen Singh also spoke at Team Anna's indefinite fast before the activists ended it.\"We are waiting for the government to respond to our demands till evening and on Sunday there will be a big announcement. I cannot reveal the details now,\" said Ramdev. He hinted backroom talks are on. \"We are talking to many people, including those in the government.\"He added, \"Many Members of Parliament (MPs) and senior functionaries of various political parties have individually pledged their support to us but a final decision will only be taken on the basis of the government response to our key demands - bringing back of black money and passing Lokpal bill.\"In view of his popularity on TV and a mass appeal, it will not be surprising that MPs and leaders assure him support. And the government might err if it assumes that public anger over corruption has dissipated. There is a strong possibility that other factors like inflation might well have sharpened discontent. But the guru has not been able to build the pressure he did.The number of his supporters at Ramlila Maidan stood at around 10,000 on Sunday despite the rains and the absence of yoga guru for over five hours during the day. Ramdev addressed the supporters once during the day around noon and later at 5 pm. \"Baba has been discussing with his close aides about the future course of action,\" said an aide.Ramdev commended hundreds of supporters for their loyal support. \"People have camped in the grounds since August 7, and have come far corners of the country to lend their strength to the movement,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15455512", "title": "Congressmen release CD showing party pradhan taking bribe", "text": "JAIPUR: Corruption charges were once again leveled against Congress's Begun panchayat samiti pradhan Rukma Regar, as a CD allegedly featuring her and her husband accepting bribes was distributed to the media here on Saturday.One of the panchayat samiti members, Bagadi Chand Sharma, later presented a copy of the video CD to Congress state president Chandrabhan to demand disciplinary action against the accused pradhan. It was on Sharma's complaint that the anti-corruption bureau (ACB) laid a trap and caught the pradhan's husband Hira Lal Regar red-handed accepting bribe on Thursday. Pradhan Rukma reportedly went underground the same day when the bureau conducted searches to arrest her in the same bribery case.\"Pradhan Rukma demanded a 10% cut for every financial sanction she gave for development projects in Chittorgarh's Begun panchayat samiti villages. Since 2010 when she got elected, I alone have paid her around 50,000 in cash as bribes,\" Sharma alleged at a press conference here. He distributed the video CD allegedly featuring the pradhan and her husband accepting bribes.The pradhan was in news last year when she accused the Begun legislator and parliamentary secretary Rajendra Singh Bidhuri of declining to repay Rs 20 lakh that she claimed to have loaned to him.As per the complaint with the ACB, the pradhan's husband accepted Rs 10,000 as bribe from Sharma in lieu of construction of water tanks for cattle in gram panchayats Govindpura and Dhamcha. \"It was a project of Rs 2.80 lakh and the pradhan demanded a cut of Rs 20,000 through her husband,\" Sharma told reporters.Even as the ACB is investigating the allegations against the pradhan, the panchayat samiti member said he along with other Congressmen from the region came here to demand action against Rukma at the party level too. \"She has been bringing bad name to the party government because of her corrupt practices and blocking the development works in the region. The party must act against her,\" Sharma reasoned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "15454494", "title": "6 die of diarrhoea, 345 cases reported", "text": "GAYA: Diarrhoea, which earlier affected the Panchaiti Akhara and Iqbal Nagar localities on the northern outskirts of Gaya town, has spread to more areas of the town and the district. The affected areas include the Delha locality of Gaya town and several blocks of the district including Manpur, Bodh Gaya, Sherghati, Tankuppa and Banke Bazar. Diarrohea has already claimed more than half-a-dozen lives in the district.Gaya district magistrate Bandana Preyasi has put all the Primary Health Centres (PHCs) of the district on high alert to meet the challenge. According to civil surgeon Dr K B Prasad, altogether 345 diarrhoea cases had been reported so far from different parts of the district. About the diarrhoea toll, the civil surgeon said that figures had not been compiled and updated as reports were awaited from the PHCs.According to sources, the number of affected persons was much more than the official figure as the official figures pertain to government hospital/PHC records while a large number of patients opt for private treatment. Contaminated drinking water and lack of sanitation is said to be the main cause of water-borne disease's spread in the district. Leakages in the municipal water supply line crisscrossing drains, seepage of drain water into the Panchaiti Akhara pumping source and several other factors have made several areas diarrhoea prone.Confirming reports of diarrhoea outbreak in different parts of the district, Gaya DM Bandana Preyasi said that effective steps were being taken to prevent the further spread of the disease and treatment of the diarrohea patients. Listing the steps taken for diarrhoea prevention and control, the DM said that extensive spraying of bleaching powder in affected as well as vulnerable areas had been undertaken. Besides spraying of bleaching powder, people have been advised to boil drinking water before use.A micro plan to contain diarrhoea was in place, said the DM. As part of the micro plan, village level health and sanitation committees have been galvanized on both the prevention and cure aspects. The village committees have to ensure sanitation, monitor drinking water sources and create awareness about diarrhoea prevention.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15455706", "title": "Gujarat Energy Transmission Corporation Ltd gets HC contempt notice", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court has issued contempt notice to the Gujarat Energy Transmission Corporation Ltd (GETCO) in connection with the installation of high power towers of 44KV transmission line in agricultural field near Morbi villages of Rajkot district.A bench of Justice Jayant Patel and Justice C L Soni has sought explanation from GETCO regarding apparent violation of court orders and at the same time directed the Rajkot superintendent of police to give protection to the farmers who have taken up the issue before the court. This order was passed on basis of a contempt petition filed by the farmers, who complained of high handedness on part of GETCO officials, said farmers' counsel Gaurav Mehta.GETCO has been installing towers in this part of district, but farmers of Jikiyari, Chakampar and Jivapar objected on the ground that the towers were being installed without obtaining permission from the land owners according to the provision of law. Incidentally, GETCO is the same company which faced trouble for the electrocution of flamingos recently.It was also alleged that the farmers were subjected to discriminatory treatment with regard to compensation. Acting on their plea, a single judge bench of the HC ordered GETCO in May to stay its work. Last month, a division bench passed an order with consent on part of GETCO as well as the farmers that after obtaining permission from the district magistrate, the company could put up its towers. But before granting permission to the company, the authorities would have to give hearing to the farmers.However, the farmers alleged that the GETCO officials entered agricultural lands for a second time without obtaining valid order from district collector, and started digging work.The farmers moved the HC again on August 3 and demanded action against the company and its officials for flouting court orders. The farmers also supplied photographs of the GETCO activities. The bench took a serious note of it and ordered GETCO to immediately stop all activities on the land. The court found a private car on the disputed land in the photograph and directed the SP to find out truth about presence of the vehicle on spot.Asking the company to explain things by August 28, the court has directed the SP to deploy cops in the area for protection of land owners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15455934", "title": "Staff crunch cripple cyber crime cell", "text": "BHOPAL: The first cyber police station in the state that was opened in Bhopal , last month, is struggling to get going on account of teething problems including poor staff strength. The police station, with a present strength of 50 policemen, is expected to deal with cyber crimes across the state.This, at a time when cyber crimes graph has showed an upward trend from mere 4 cases in the year 2008 to 60 cases in 2011. The inspector general of cyber crime Anil Gupta told TOI, \"There is a proposal to get around 700 policemen and officials posted to the cyber cell. It is currently pending at the police headquarters\", he added.The plan is to get a staff of 170 each in four phases. We are hopeful that the staff would be increased soon, he added.Meanwhile, officials at the PHQ said a proposal to increase around 110 policemen for the cyber cell has been sanctioned and forwarded to the government.The shortage of staff has also kept the plan of setting up zonal offices in four other cities in cold storage, apart from leading to the poor crime detection rate. Cyber cell claims of having a detection rate of close to 50%.The crime detection in cyber cell depends on the nature of crime. If it is a case of crank calls or loading fake profile or obscene video on a social networking site the case could be cracked soon but if it involves specialized bank frauds in which gangs generally operate from other cities and foreign countries in some cases, it becomes tough to detect with limited hands, said a cyber-cell official.Further the training of a cop posted to cyber cell is also an issue. MP Cyber cell also does not have any set module to train the policemen, the officials added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15454137", "title": "Mitt fumbles, calls Ryan next US president", "text": "Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney was on Saturday caught in a public gaffe when he fumbled in his speech, introducing his running mate Paul Ryan as the next US president. \"Join me in welcoming the next President of US, Paul Ryan,\" Romney said. As Ryan started speaking, Romney realised his mistake, and quickly came back to the podium, making light of his earlier remarks. In 2008, Barack Obama , then as a candidate, too had made similar mistake by introducing Joe Biden as the \"next president\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15455390", "title": "Maruti case: 1 held; SHO summoned on petitions", "text": "GURGAON: The special investigation team (SIT) arrested one more worker in the Maruti violence case on Saturday. He was later sent in judicial custody.Meanwhile, a city court summoned the SHO, Manesar, on Monday, August 13, with regard to the pending workers' petitions to appear in person with the reply to the petitions. On Saturday, the SIT looking into the Maruti violence case arrested an accused identified as Kishan, resident of Narnaund in Hisar district in Haryana.Police produced him in judicial magistrate Ambardeep Singh's court and took him on seven days' police remand. Till Saturday, more than 142 workers, including union leaders, have been sent in judicial custody in Bhondsi jail.In view of the failure of police to reply to the worker's petitions, \"the court has summoned the SHO, Manesar, on August 13 to appear personally with the replies to the questions raised in the petitions. During the scheduled hearing a police officer appeared before the court but he did not offer any reply,\" said Rajendra Pathak, labour adviser and counsel of workers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15459062", "title": "Amy Winehouse's texts drove Blake to drugs", "text": "Blake Fielder-Civil's mother has claimed that her son overdosed on heroin after reading a text from his tragic former wife Amy Winehouse .The 30-year-old, who was released from jail two weeks ago after spending 12 months there for burglary and possessing an imitation firearm, came across touching texts from Winehouse in an old phone.In one the singer, who died in July 2011, asked if she could be the godmother to Blake's son Jack, now 15 months.Georgette believes that it tipped her son over the edge.\"He had messages on his phone from Amy which he only got recently. He didn't have the phone in prison and he picked up messages from her when he was released,\" the Sun quoted her as saying.\"She said she wanted to be Jack's godmother. The grief for Amy started again. I fear he may have been trying to take his own life.Fielder-Civil, who has had a long-running fight against addiction, overdosed after going for drinks with a pal. He was found in bed choking on his vomit last Friday.Blake had earlier confessed to partner and mother of his child, Sarah Aspin, that he was missing his ex-wife.While Blake's mum has been keeping a vigil at hospital in Dewsbury, West Yorks, medics plan to keep him on a life-support machine and in an induced coma for at least a week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "ujjain", "code": "15456032", "title": "Facelift to Ujjain Railway Station before Simhastha", "text": "UJJAIN: Ujjain Railway Station will get a facelift in view of the Simhastha that will be held in 2016. The station will be transformed into a multi-functional complex with modern amenities, said local member of parliament (MP) Premchand Guddu.Guddu said that the Union minister of state for railways K H Muniappa had in reply to a question by him in the Lok Sabha assured that the station will have a modern rest room, an extended platform while the platform number 1, 2, 4, 6 and 7 will be extended and renovated.The height of these platforms will also be raised, and the work for the same is in progress at a cost of Rs 3.13 crore.Apart from the this, the Rail Development Corporation has recently conducted a survey for the multi-functional complex and identified a 20,000 square feet land near the railway station. \"Building would be of two floors with a basement having hostel, clinic, bank, ATM, medical stores, food zone and internet cafe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "15461202", "title": "Trust writes to Indian high commission to find whereabouts of Geeta", "text": "AMRITSAR: Ansar Burney Trust International has written to Indian high commissioner in Islamabad to trace the whereabouts of Indian girl Geeta Guddi who is presently under the care of a NGO in Pakistan.Talking to TOI on Sunday , Burney informed that Geeta, a deaf and dumb, had entered Pakistan about 13 years back where she was found by Lahore police on railway station. He said Geeta, now 21, can only write little Hindi language and have told that she had 7 brothers and 3 sisters back home.\"All she could inform that her house is situated next to some river and there is a hotel and hospital near her house\" he said. He said he had also asked the Trust's volunteers to search for the family of Geeta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15453427", "title": "Case against hospital as woman dies after childbirth", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The city police registered a case against a private hospital at Gowreeshapattom after a woman, who had delivered a baby at the hospital died of profuse bleeding on Saturday. The deceased has been identified as Vinodini (30), a native of Neyyatinkara.According to police, Vinodini had given birth to a baby girl at a private hospital on Monday. However, she complained of complications and was transferred to SUT hospital. On Saturday morning, her condition turned worse and she breathed her last by 4am.The relatives alleged that negligence of the doctor at the hospital where she had delivered resulted in her death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15460352", "title": "Haryana to ban food articles containing nicotine and tobacco", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Haryana government would introduce a complete ban on food articles containing nicotine and tobacco from August 15.The ban, covering all food products containing tobacco and nicotine, and are sold in the market under names like gutka, and pan masala, is being imposed in the interest of public health, commissioner, food and drug administration , Haryana, Rakesh Gupta, said on Sunday.The Food Safety and Standards Act 2006, enacted by the central government, prohibits the sale and manufacture of such products as they are injurious to health, he said.Speaking after inaugurating a sensitisation workshop on 'Prohibition of food articles containing tobacco and nicotine' in Panchkula, Gupta said, tobacco is the foremost preventable cause of death and disease in the world today.He said Haryana has already imposed a ban on hookah bars in the state after shutting down more than 60 bars offering hookah, or water pipes, with nicotine.In rural areas, smoking by hooka and tobacco chewing are common, he said.Addressing the workshop, GL Singhal, state drug controller, appealed to the people not to use such products as they could cause deadly diseases like cancer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15455631", "title": "Only 13% Bachelor of Computer Application students clear examination", "text": "NAGPUR: After MSc, now it was the turn of Bachelor of Computer Application (BCA) students to storm the Nagpur University premises complaining of poor results. They claimed that their results dropped sharply this year to 13% as compared to 40% last year.Around 2,909 candidates appeared for the examination held in March-April but only 370 managed to clear it. The results of regular candidates are even worst with only 99 of them managing to clear all subjects from 1,372 with a meagre 7.22% success rate.The students told TOI that NU had inordinately delayed their results and suspected undervaluation of papers. These aggrieved students first moved their respective colleges which shirked their responsibility and pointed fingers at NU, stating that they had \"no role to play in the exams\". Left with no alternative, over 150 of them marched to the controller of examination (CoE) Siddharth Kane's office at NU's exam section.Though they could not meet CoE, they presented a memorandum of demands to his subordinates. \"We have asked for immediate revaluation as we suspect foul play. This kind of result was unexpected. Even the bright students were unable to clear the subjects,\" the students told TOI.They also appealed to CoE to defer the winter exams scheduled in October for getting enough time for studies. \"We want relaxation of conditions to apply for photocopies and revaluation as a student can apply for only two subjects. NU should also reduce the exorbitant fees it charges for photocopies and revaluation,\" they added. They claimed that their answer-sheets were not checked by regular teachers but by those from other faculties due to which their results suffered.Kane, while admitting the delay in declaration of results, denied the students' claims. \"The lecturers' strike definitely led to delay but there is nothing wrong with the valuation and university couldn't be blamed. Any result below 10% has to be declared with prior permission of the vice-chancellor who can direct the university to re-moderate papers. In this case, the result of regular students is 7.22%. But if combined with ex-students, it comes out to be 13%,\" he clarified.Not satisfied with CoE's response, the students now plan to meet VC Vilas Sapkal next week with their grievances. \"We are also trying to gather more failed students to show our strength. If they delay the revaluation process too, we will land in trouble and lose our precious academic year. We do not want to suffer because of the lethargic attitude of NU officials,\" the students said.(With inputs from Manka Behl)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15453940", "title": "Obama OKs bill on terror tag for Haqqanis", "text": "WASHINGTON: US President Barack Obama has signed into law an act requiring the secretary of state to determine whether the Haqqani network meets legal criteria to be designated as a foreign terrorist organization.Passed recently by both the chambers of the US Congress - the House of Representatives and the Senate - the Haqqani Network Terrorist Designation Act of 2012 was signed by Obama on Friday amid repeated demands by the US lawmakers to designate Haqqani network as a foreign terrorist organization.The dreaded Pakistan-based outfit is accused of carrying out large number of terrorist attacks on the American establishments in Afghanistan .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "muzaffarpur", "code": "15454514", "title": "Delhi trader found dead in Muzaffarpur hotel", "text": "MUZAFFARPUR: Body of a businessman from New Delhi, Sardar Indrajit Singh (55), was recovered from a room of a local hotel in Chhoti Saraiyaganj locality here on Friday night under suspicious circumstances. The trader was staying in the hotel for the last three days. The officiating SHO of Town police station Ramanand Tiwary informed that the body was been handed over to his wife Surendra Kaur and other members of his family after autopsy.Kaur, who reached here on Saturday afternoon on getting information from the police, has not complained of any foul play in the death of her husband. The body was being taken to his house near Shiv Nagar station in New Delhi for cremation.A dealer of electric motor parts and wiring, Singh used to visit Muzaffarpur for the last 25 years off and on to take orders for supply of electric goods and wiring and he used to stay in the same hotel. The police had to break open the doors of his room to recover his body. A sum of Rs 55, 000 cash and bank pass-books were also recovered by the police from his belongings.Tiwary said no injury mark was found on his body. Therefore, he does not believe it to be a case of either murder or suicide.It seems to be a natural death due to heart attack. The trader had taken some antacid pills a couple of hours before his death, according to hotel staff. However, the Town police station have registered a case of unnatural death (UD). Real picture would emerge only after the post-mortem report, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15459323", "title": "Ek Tha Tiger: Salman promotes the movie in Delhi", "text": "Bollywood actor Salman Khan promoted his forthcoming romantic action thriller film 'Ek Tha Tiger' in New Delhi, describing it as a full on entertainment film.Khan plays the role of an undercover agent sent to Pakistan to discover some facts about a college professor, allegedly involved in leaking vital information related to missile technology to the country.Khan said the movie is a full package of entertainment and people would love watching it in theatres.\"It turns into like a kick-ass action film, it's full on entrainment. You'll love it, it's a nice film to go and watch in a theatre. You'll like the film,' said Khan.controversy erupted when the family members of a deceased agent of Indian Intelligence agency (Research and Analysis Wing, RAW), Ravindra Kaushik, demanded a preview trial of the film, claiming that the movie had a resemblance to the Kaushik case.The film has been shot in ten different locations, including Ireland, Czech Republic, Turkey, Cuba, Egypt, Iraq, Russia and India.The movie is directed by Kabir Khan and produced by Aditya Chopra under the banner of Yashraj Films Private Limited.The lyricists of the album are Kausar Munir-Neelesh Misra, Anvitta Dutta. The music director of the film is Sohail Sen.The film is slated to hit the silver screen on August 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "one of the reasons why the people of up voted the mayawati government out was because it was perceived as very corrupt. the sp, with a young akhilesh yadav at the helm, was able to capitalise on this sentiment and the party won a comfortable majority. but five months into power, there are signs that akhilesh may not be fully in control of his government and may be powerless to act against his 'uncles'. the fact that the government has glossed over what shivpal yadav reportedly said about \"stealing a little\" clearly shows it is willing to turn a blind eye to power groups, even if it means a severe dent in party's image. the onus is clearly on akhilesh to act, and now. tomorrow may be too late.    related story  ", "code": "15455760", "title": "Onus is on Akhilesh Yadav to act now", "text": "One of the reasons why the people of UP voted the Mayawati government out was because it was perceived as very corrupt. The SP, with a young Akhilesh Yadav at the helm, was able to capitalise on this sentiment and the party won a comfortable majority. But five months into power, there are signs that Akhilesh may not be fully in control of his government and may be powerless to act against his 'uncles'. The fact that the government has glossed over what Shivpal Yadav reportedly said about \"stealing a little\" clearly shows it is willing to turn a blind eye to power groups, even if it means a severe dent in party's image. The onus is clearly on Akhilesh to act, and now. Tomorrow may be too late.    Related story  :  In SP rule, uncle Shivpal can get away with anything", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15454945", "title": "\u2018Will be India\u2019s most modern Metro\u2019", "text": "With the commissioner of municipal corporation, R K Verma , being made the managing director of the much-awaited Ludhiana Metro project, Vaivasvat Venkat discusses its road map, bringing to you how commuting in the city is all set to change forever.  How do you envision the Ludhiana Metro rail project?It is an important project for the city as it will go a long way in solving the problem of traffic congestion and bringing down the level of pollution. As the city has grown, so has its needs and Metro is an apt answer for that.What is the project cost and how do you plan to raise capital?Total cost of the project is Rs 10,300 crore and unlike Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC), which is based on engineering-procurement-construction (EPC) model and is financed entirely by the Centre and state governments, the Ludhiana project will be on public-private partnership basis. A bidding process will be carried out and following that, the project will be carried forward on build, operate and transfer (BOT) basis. As part of the agreement, we have to raise Rs 2,000 crore for which resources will have to be mobilized.Will Ludhiana Metro be a replica of Delhi Metro?Ludhiana Metro will be much better in terms of looks, seating capacity and style. In fact, it will be the most modern of Metro projects in the entire country. It's been quite some time since the Delhi metro has been running, and the Ludhiana metro is a new project, and thus, going to be more modern in all aspects.How many stations will it have?The project would cover major areas as part of two corridors spread over 29 km. There will be 27 stations. The first corridor would start from Ayali Chowk on Ferozepur Road and would go up to BBMB power house, the last station on Ludhiana-Chandigarh Road, covering stations like Rajguru Nagar, Agar Nagar, Verka milk plant, PAU, Arti Chowk, Bharat Nagar Chowk, Guru Nanak Stadium, Gurdwara Dukh Niwaran, civil hospital, Samrala Chowk, Vardhaman Mills and Jamalpur. The second corridor would start from Gill village on Gill Road and go up to Rahon Road octroi post, covering Guru Nanak Engineering College, Shimlapuri, ATI Chowk, Kartar Singh Sarabha Market, Gill Chowk, bus stand, Guru Nanak Dev Stadium, railway station, Daresi Ground, Guru Nanak Nagar and Basti Jodhewal.What is required to take the project forward?A special purpose vehicle (SPV) is required to carry this project forward as it needs an institutional framework. On the line of DMRC, a Ludhiana Metro Rail Corporation has to be formed as a legal entity is must for the process.Is the already prepared DPR sufficient for the purpose?The DPR will have to be rechecked and revisited. We will recheck the locations and alignments of stations so as to ensure that the project has a smooth sailing.How much time will it take for the project to complete?It's a big project and has a long way to go. Once we recheck the DPR and send a report to the Union government and the same is approved, we will start the bidding process. These things are expected to be completed by March 2013. We will then be able to proceed in a speedy manner and commission the first ride in four years from then.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15455365", "title": "So many mouths to feed", "text": "'You could be the great generation which can change the fact that every third second a child dies due to extreme poverty', said Nelson Mandela .Despite there being a global consensus of the need to do away with the evils of poverty and hunger and several government schemes toward this end, the goal still seems far away.Malnutrition is still a stark reality that refuses to change prompting the UNICEF to say that it is more common in India than in the sub Saharan Africa. India homes a third of the world's malnourished children. With the annual budget for the current financial year announcing malnutrition to be a priority issue, one only hopes things to be better in the coming years.Though the country has garnered praise for its role in alleviating poverty with the United Nations projecting a fall in the poverty rate from 51% in 1990 to about 22% in 2015 in an assessment report last year. The same report, however, also expressed a fear that many in the country have - that of the economic growth and prosperity not being equitable, leaving out the most vulnerable sections from this success story.The fact that the law needs to ensure female foeticide does not take place in the country says a lot about the state of women in the country, mirrored well in the sex ratio of the country as well as of many of the states. No wonder than that the Human Development Index 2011 places India at 129 out of the 146 countries, much below our neighbours Pakistan and Bangladesh .GOALS: Eradicating extreme poverty and hunger; promoting gender equality and empowering womenCase study 1: Vyankati Alluri's family was among the many BPL families of Gadchiroli. The family was based in Glassfordpeth in Sironcha taluka. One September evening when he had just returned from work, Alluri was dragged from his house and arrested for his alleged links with the Naxals. His family didn't even know where he was. A few days later, Alluri got injured incurred while being 'interrogated' and was taken to a hospital. Unable to afford better treatment, the Alluri family could not do much to save Vyankati.Now, his widow is balancing her responsibilities as a daughter-in-law to her old and ailing parents-in-law and the mother of two school-going kids. Despite wishing to fight against the injustice meted out to her husband, the poor woman can't do so because of the high expenditure of a legal battle.Case study 2: At 12, Sharda was married off as the second wife of a much older man so that her parents would have one mouth less to feed. Yet, Sharda's mother starved to death a few days after the marriage and her father died soon after.Even the marriage didn't work too well for Sharda as her husband was still married to his first wife and was forced to keep the little girl in a place away from the city. He told her to survive on whatever little she could manage to grow on the land around the house. The man also continued to physically abuse the girl and even before she became an adult, Sharda was a mother.Sharda then ran away from the house and started living off the streets with her son. Her troubles increased after she understood that the child was suffering from many physical and mental ailments as a result of her being underfed and tortured. Now she can be seen on the streets, balancing her growing child and seeking alms.Case study 3: Bhola and Bholi is an old tribal couple, living in Jamod village in Buldhana with their son Raju. The three live in a roofless 'house' whose walls are made up of wooden sticks. The structure is incapable of protecting them from the vagaries of nature.Adjacent to this wooden structure is a flour mill, which is their source of food. The elderly man collects the flour dropped on the floor of the mill to prepare coarse bhakri.Raju is already 30, but cannot get married as his family does not have enough to pay for his dowry, as per the custom of their tribe. The disappointed young man is now an alcoholic.Several people in the country have no source of livelihood whatsoever. While arriving at a definition and spending limit for a poor person, the government officials only consider expenses borne on food and ignores the expenditure on essentials like clothing, education and entertainment. It seems like the deflated number of the BPL population of the country is due to international pressure. The official figure, which is 27% of population, seems much lower than what one observes. All the prosperity that we see around is being enjoyed a select few, with a majority remaining largely deprived.Datta Patil | activist and convener of the 'Vada Na Todo Maha Abhiyan'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15459456", "title": "Why I gave up drugs", "text": "While an entire nation commemorates its independence from colonial rule, a small section of people celebrates liberation of a very different kind \u2014 their freedom from the dangerous obsession of drugs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15455770", "title": "MA and MCom results still awaited", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The results of MA and MCom exams are awaited, month-and-a-half into the new academic year of Gujarat University. Some 35,000 students have been affected by the delay.The number comprises students who had appeared for the first as well as the second year of the post-graduate degree courses. The programmes for the second year are yet to begin.Those who appeared for the second-year exam are in a lurch as they cannot apply for any vacancy till they have their marksheets in hand. The exams for MA and MCom were held in May this year. Sources say that the delay in the correction of examination papers led to the delay in the announcement of results. They said that evaluators were not turning up.The results are expected to be declared after Wednesday and will be the last to be announced. Sources say that results of other streams had also been delayed by a month this year.The question being raised by students is that even if their results are declared, they would have to wait for a fortnight at least to get their marksheets. The university had introduced Choice Based Credit System last year. It is being said that the introduction of the new system also led to the delay in the declaration of results.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15455206", "title": "Muda plans to embrace Heritage City's jewels", "text": "MYSORE: In a major boost to preserve the city's heritage and sustain local economy through heritage tourism, the Mysore Urban Development Authority ( Muda) has proposed to regulate development around the monuments dotting the city.Unlike earlier when the urban body recognized merely 10 monuments around which regulations were placed, the draft proposals contained in the Master Plan-2031 has a list that stretches to 198.The growth around some of the architectural jewels is proposed to be regulated so that the heritage environs in its vicinity is preserved. Structures in the surroundings of the Mysore Palace will not be allowed to be altered even slightly without permission.\"No developments or re-developments, renovation, repairs, including painting of buildings or replacement of special features shall be permitted except with the prior permission of the competent authority under these regulations. Before granting permission, the authority shall consult the heritage conservation committee constituted under these regulations,\" reads the regulation proposed to govern structures within Group A, which are necessarily area surrounding the palace.The urban body has divided monuments as Group A, B, C, D and E and specified regulations for each of them based on their needs. This follows a brief from the government to the urban body to conserve the essence of Mysore. When celebrated novelist R K Narayan's bungalow was being demolished, the urban body had to invoke special provision to stop it and declare it as a heritage monument. \"The government referring to it asked us to focus on heritage conservation. We are told to conserve private buildings that have heritage value. We've consulted the heritage department too,\" sources told STOI.A special heritage committee headed by deputy commissioner is proposed to be constituted to impose the regulations. According to the draft proposal, three thoroughfares that are dotted with vintage structures-Dasara procession route, Krishnaraja Boulevard and Narasimharaja Boulevard- will be regulated specially too.\"It is a welcome step in conservation. Owing to lack of regulations, the city centre was subject to unregulated growth. Though it is declared as Heritage City, there are no regulations to conserve the heritage buildings,\" N S Rangaraju, member of the heritage committee constituted by the department of heritage, said.\"We've been fighting for this since six years. At least now they are putting it into place,\" he added. A conservationist, who wished not to be named, said it is a welcome step but said it could lead to complications. \"It might turn the whole city into a museum,\" he said, looking at the list of 198 monuments around which regulations will be imposed. \"What about private buildings whose owners have no wherewithal to manage them? Will the government help? These issues need to be addressed,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "15455552", "title": "First heart surgery in Jodhpur to repair hole in child's heart", "text": "JODHPUR: In a rare pediatric surgery, doctors of a private hospital in Jodhpur successfully conducted a heart surgery on a four-year-old child, who had a hole in his heart. The child, Kartikay, is now fit but will be under medication for three months, after which he will be as normal like any other child.Cardiothoracic surgeon Arun Govil, who conducted the surgery with his team, said that the child had a hole in his heart right from his birth which, in medical terminology, is termed Ventricular Saptal Defect ( VSD) and is a rare one. \"He had been suffering from frequent infection in lungs and was facing difficulty in breathing followed by unconsciousness,\" said Govil.Necessary equipment for surgery were then arranged from Delhi before carrying out the surgery, said hospital director, Anand Goyal. He said that after this successful pediatric surgery, the first in Jodhpur, the child with any heart disorder can now be treated here. Had this surgery been delayed for a few more months, it could have lead to septicaemia and would have been very dangerous for the child.\"It was a very complex surgery in which we had to put the heart and lungs on artificial functioning till the completion of the surgery,\" Govil said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "15455532", "title": "Bus service for girl students fails in Chanda and Gadchiroli district", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: The ambitious 'Blue School Bus' scheme to ferry girl students to their school in the district has turned out to be disastrous with the vehicles being diverted to ferry regular passengers. Shockingly, girl students, who are the beneficiaries of the scheme, have no knowledge about it, alleged MLC Shobhatai Fadnavis. All the 43 buses received by the district are currently being used for routine passenger transportation.Addressing a press conference, Fadnavis informed that Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) had launched 'Blue School Bus' scheme for areas lagging behind on human development index. A total 11 tehsils in Chandrapur district had been included under the scheme. Though MSRTC had provided 43 vehicles to these tehsils, officers deployed these buses for regular passenger transportation instead of using them to get girl students from rural areas to their respective schools.As per the scheme, these buses should run for 215 days in a year. These buses were to make four trips on the school trip between 7 am and 11 am and from 3 pm to 6 pm each day. The scheme permitted use of these vehicles for regular passengers during slack hours i.e from 11 am to 3 pm. \"Unfortunately, these buses are not being used for students at all. Instead they have been put to commercial services defeating the basic idea behind the scheme,\" Fadnavis pointed out.The funds provided for diesel and maintenance of these vehicles have been diverted to the corporation. Instead of ferrying student tehsil-wise, these buses are running on inter-district routes, Fadnavis pointed out. She expressed shock over MSRTC's apathy towards public welfare scheme. Issuing an ultimatum of a week, Fadnavis threatened to launch a massive agitation if the district administration and MSRTC failed to put the 43 vehicles for students' welfare.Despite repeated attempts, MSRTC Chandrapur division controller MS Bhaisare could not be contacted for his comments.Gadchiroli overlooked againInterests of students in Gadchiroli district have been awfully overlooked under the 'Blue School Bus' scheme. A total of 57 buses were sanctioned for Chandrapur and Gadchiroli district. Out of these, only 14 were sent tp Gadchiroli, while the rest went to Chandrapur. Government had adopted a ratio of five buses per tehsil. Accordingly, Gadchiroli, which has 11 tehsils, should have got 55 buses. Instead, the Naxal-hit district was given mere 14 buses under the scheme. Thanks to lack of publicity, the scheme has got poor response in Gadchiroli too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "15453649", "title": "Bokaro Power Supply Company Limited to install ninth boiler by November", "text": "BOKARO: The Bokaro Power Supply Company (P) Limited (BPSCL), which lights up homes of lakhs of residents in Bokaro township and runs the plants of the Bokaro Steel Ltd (BSL), has started gaining back confidence of the people here.\"The bad days have gone and now the time has come when people and the BSL will feel that the BPSCL is a performer. Although the residents had a bitter experience of frequent power cuts in the past few years, now the power production has not only improved but we are in the process to enhance its capacity,\" said Umesh Kumar, the BPSCL chairman.Kumar, who inspected the power plant here on Friday, announced commissioning of its ninth boiler by November. The Boiler-IX project is coming up at an investment of Rs 300 crore. It is more hi-tech in comparison to the eight existing boilers of the BPSCL. This will enhance the power production capacity by 36 MW from the existing 302 MW.\"Coming of the new boiler will benefit the BSL by meeting its power requirements. Besides, the people can also enjoy uninterrupted power supply at their homes from November,\" said Kumar. He held meeting with BPSCL CEO P C Chaturvedi and other senior officials and gave them instructions to improve production.The BPSCL, a 302 MW capacity plant, is a joint venture of the Steel Authourity of India Limited (SAIL) and Damoder Valley Corporation (DVC). It supplies power and steam production to the BSL. However, Kumar seemed disappointed over not getting satisfactory response from the SAIL in the upcoming power facility of 500 MW in Bathua here.The SAIL and the DVC had plans to set a new power plant to meet electricity requirement of the BSL when it grows to 17 MT capacity by 2020. But the BPSCL's poor performance a few years ago forced the SAIL to find new partnership other than the DVC. Under this new strategy, the SAIL has invited the NTPC to join hands and work as NTPC-SAIL Power Company Limited for setting up the new facility. This has in turn cast shadow on future of proposed 500 MW power plant of the BPSCL.The BPSCL is struggling hard to gain back confidence of the SAIL for setting up of the power facility. \"I am trying to convince the SAIL that the DVC is better option than others. The DVC has its own identity and established its turnaround capabilities in strengthening captive power plant operations. However, talks in this regard are on with SAIL officials and I hope that they will rely on us,\" said Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15453888", "title": "Police book nearly 1 lakh errant motorists this year", "text": "NASHIK: Coming down heavily on errant motorists, traffic cops have registered cases close to a lakh of motorists until the first week of August this year and have very nearly recovered in fines more than the amount recovered last year.As per the traffic department records, by August 9, the traffic department had written challans against 96,059 motorists \u2014 30,664 cases more than what it did by the same period last year.Traffic officials said that there has been a 48% rise in the number of casesLast year during the same period, only 65,395 complaints were registered. Meanwhile, until August 9 last year, the traffic police had recovered a total fine of Rs 70,03,550. The amount of fine collected by August this year, is at Rs 1.19 crore \u2014 an over 70% rise.The traffic police said that in 2011 total fine collection was about 1.20 crore, They have managed to recover the same amount in less than eight months.Most of the cases registered pertain to triple seat rides on two wheelers, rash driving, the use of fancy illegal number plates, driving without a licence and valid documents and errant autorickshaw drivers.Senior police officials said that cases were also registered against those putting tinted glasses on their vehicles, not putting reflectors, overloading students in school buses or auto rickshaws and honking near silence zones.Though it is a record of sorts by the traffic department in terms of fine collection this year, the crackdown on errant motorists still does not seem to have yielded the expected results traffic norms continue to be broken throughout the day, even in the presence of the traffic police.Illegal parking continually leads to frequent traffic jams especially in areas like MG Road, Shalimar, CBS and Dwarka.Traffic cops say that traffic management is a collective activity of the civic administration, Regional Transport Office and the city police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15462168", "title": "Rise in stray dog population worries residents", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as the Nagpur Municipal Corporation is struggling to rid the city of cattle menace on roads, stray dogs are emerging as a bigger nuisance for the people. The worst affected is Shanti Nagar residents in Lakadganj zone.Recently, the residents approached NMC's health department to curb the canine menace in their locality. \"Residents, especially motorists, find it difficult to move in the colony due to the increasing population of stray dogs. The stray dogs menace is also a threat to the lives of livestock,\" said a cattle shed owner Vishal Sharma.Confirming this, NMC veterinary officer Dr Gajendra Mahalle said that the area has over 40 stray dogs. It has also increased the incidents of dog bite in the locality. In fact, morning walkers are the victims. He alleged that the stray dog population has increased manifold as people threw waste food or feed these canines.Besides, animal flesh is always the hot choice of stray dogs, so these dogs get attracted towards meat shops in the colony.\"Sterilisation of dogs is the only solution,\" he admitted. Now, the civic body has decided to carry out the Animal Birth Control programme on its own from next month.Residents also wondered that despite complaints, the two flying squads of the corporation has miserably failed to catch stray dogs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-12"}
