{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16997476", "title": "1 dies in road mishap near airport gate", "text": "HYDERABAD: A 23-year-old man died and his friend suffered injuries when the bike they were travelling in crashed into a road divider near the RGI airport main gate on Sunday evening.The victim was identified as Mahbubullah Khan, 23, of Hussainialam and the injured person as Afsar Khan. The duo went to the airport to book a flight ticket and the mishap occurred while they were returning home. \"Afsar Khan, who was riding the bike, lost control of the vehicle due to rash driving. As a result, the bike crashed into the road divider near the main gate and the pillion rider, Mahbubullah Khan, suffered critical injuries on the head and died on the spot,\" RGIA inspector D Durga Prasad said.Afsar Khan, who also suffered injuries, was shifted to a nearby hospital and his condition is said to be out of danger. Police booked a case under section 304-A (Causing death by rash or negligent act) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) against Afsar Khan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16999573", "title": "False leads on baby stump cops", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bhoiwada police have received over 10 calls from different parts of the city in the last four days with information about the one-day-old baby who was kidnapped by an unidentified woman from the general ward of the Wadia Hospital in Parel on October 24.Mayor Sunil Prabhu has asked the hospital management and staff to submit a detailed report to him by next week on the state funds that the hospital has used in the last few years.The four police teams formed to track down the baby are clueless as tip-offs by the public haven't helped in their search. \"We received several phone calls with information about the baby in the last few days. The public has shown alertness in responding to our plea for information,\" said Bhoiwada police senior inspector Vikram Patil.The infant's parents, Devdas and Jasmin, claimed that the hospital did not have adequate security arrangements to tackle and prevent such incidents. Despite the kidnapping, the hospital management has still to beef up security.\"They are trying to wash their hands off the incident by sympathizing with us. But that will not bring back the first grandchild of our family. The hospital has to take initiative and it is their responsibility to get the baby back,\" said the baby's uncle, Abhishek. TOI asked the mayor why the hospital management was not booked for negligence,Prabhu said the matter will be taken to higher authorities and action will be taken against those found guilty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16998081", "title": "\u2018Low platelet count doesn\u2019t always mean dengue\u2019", "text": "PUNE: A low platelet count may not necessarily indicate dengue; a common cold and viral fever can also bring it down, say doctors.\"Many viral infections, which are not at all dangerous, can also reflect a low platelet count. Several pathology labs in the city have reported a reduction in the platelet count in blood samples. This has caused fear among patients and doctors resulting in unnecessary hospitalisation and panic among patients,\" said family physician and child specialist Kumar Mandhare who practices in Koregaon Park.\"As there is no specific treatment for dengue fever, good fluid intake (water, juices, soups, etc), rest and symptomatic treatment as per the advice of a family physician is the only treatment. There is no vaccine available for dengue so far. The research is on,\" Mandhare said.Elaborating, Mandhare said, \"Other viruses also cause decrease in the platelet count, so a low platelet count does not necessarily mean dengue. Besides, doing platelet count only once does not provide enough evidence to substantiate dengue. If the platelet count is low in the first evaluation, then it should be repeated after 48 to 72 hours depending on the clinical condition of the patient. Going for platelet count everyday is not required.\"\"Instead of going for platelet count everyday, newer tests such as NS1 antigen should be done on priority in the first week of illness, if there is any suspicion of dengue. All viral illnesses represent themselves in the same fashion as in dengue,\" he added.Patients are usually advised a platelet count test since a low platelet count accompanied by other symptoms such as fever, headache, muscle and joint pains usually indicate dengue.However, many people coming down with fever have been advised blood tests by doctors. When the blood reports show a low platelet count, many conclude that they may have contracted dengue and seek hospitalisation.\"The fear of dengue fever causing low platelet count should be taken with a pinch of salt. In haemorrhagic dengue, where bleeding occurs much earlier, reduction in platelet count is a matter of concern. Hence, we should differentiate between the haemorrhagic form of dengue and mild dengue. People should consult doctors, but not panic,\" Mandhare said. Some drugs and illnesses may cause low platelet count. \"It should not be a cause for concern every time. A person can recover even if the count is as low as 25,000 platelets per microlitre of blood and a platelet infusion is rarely required,\" said Mandhare.Former president of the city chapter of Indian Medical Association (IMA), Avinash Bhondwe, said, \"Over the last two years, we have been observing atypical viral fever with low platelet count. In such cases, a dengue test is advised. Secondly, the platelet count never goes down drastically. The normal count of platelets is 1.5 lakh to 4.5 lakh per microlitre of blood. In viral fever, it reduces up to 90,000 to one lakh. In dengue, this count goes down to 20,000 or even lower, but reaches the normal once dengue is cured. In a viral fever this count comes to the normal range gradually.\"\"In the current situation, there are more cases of viral fever than genuine dengue cases,\" Bhondwe said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16998861", "title": "Sunday shock: Oil proves too slippery for Jaipal Reddy", "text": "NEW DELHI: S Jaipal Reddy's transfer from the crucial petroleum ministry raised eyebrows within Congress and in political circles at large, with the dominant opinion viewing it through the prism of his run-ins with dominant corporate interests.Although Reddy, a well-regarded and affable leader, is expected to take up his new assignment at the science and technology ministry on Monday, the shift to the relatively obscure ministry from the high-profile charge of petroleum is widely seen as a demotion.Yogendra Yadav of India Against Corruption described the change as punishment for taking on Reliance. Reddy himself was upset over what his sympathizers called \"an insult\".Reddy's arrival in the petroleum ministry in January 2011 had unsettled many as his entry was seen as a pushback against the all-pervasive influence of dominant interests.His critics blamed him for starting a witch-hunt against the private sector and charged him with engaging in a purge of officers whom he suspected of being sympathetic to private players. Complaints kept growing and found receptive audience in different quarters of the government, including the PMO which also grudged his socialist instincts.Reddy did not approve RIL's $7.2 billion stake-sale deal with BP, insisting on seeking clearance from the Cabinet. His stand annoyed Reliance which argued that the petroleum ministry was equipped to okay the deal on its own.Citing CAG's 2011 censure of the government for being soft on contractual violations by Reliance, Reddy slapped a Rs 7,000 crore penalty on the company for failure to meet the gas production target from KG-D6 field. The ministry under his watch also withheld approvals for fresh investments in the field until Reliance submitted itself to a second round of performance audit by CAG.The ministry's stand stemmed from the fact that Reliance's expenditure has a direct bearing on government's earnings from the field.The fresh provocation to Reliance came when the ministry, continuing with extraordinary boldness under Reddy, opposed in a Cabinet note the company's demand for a premature hike in the price of KG-D6 gas.Reddy's successor, M Veerappa Moily, appeared all too aware of the backdrop against which he has taken the stage. The new petroleum minister said he would try to smoothen the rough edges, expedite decisions and strike a balance between growth and governance.\"It is a politically volatile and sensitive ministry, but if you strongly go in quest of solutions, perhaps obstacles will melt away,\" Moily said soon after the new portfolios were announced.But it would be easier said than done, given the charged atmosphere where allegations of corruption and crony-capitalism are flying thick and fast. Each of Moily's steps will be under close scrutiny, especially in view of CAG's adverse report in 2011 and perception that Reddy was removed because of his tough stand against Reliance.Reddy's Red Flags1. He refused to clear the $7.2 billion deal between Reliance Industries Ltd and British energy major BP Plc for selling stake in oil and gas blocks, including the showcase KG-D6 gas field, without running it by the Cabinet. Oil ministry had the power to approve it, and his predecessors would have exercised that. However, Reddy adopted a cautious stance. Reliance saw it as an act of hostility.2. Held Reliance accountable for failing to produce the committed volume of gas from KG-D6, and stopped the company from recovering Rs 7,000 crore out of its total investments in that field. This sparked a legal wrangle. Reliance moved for arbitration saying the government could not stop the company from recovering its investments even if gas output did not meet target. Reliance said output fell due to geological reasons, or water and sand choking 6-7 wells. However, Reddy held firm, citing the CAG report on the field's performance that indicted the ministry under his predecessor Murli Deora for going soft on Reliance.3. In fact, he withheld additional investments for KG-D6 field as he sought to goad Reliance into accepting a second round of CAG audit of the field. Reliance continued to resist the auditor's scrutiny, saying the field may die unless these investments were not made on time.4. Blocked Reliance's demand for a revision in gas price before 2014 when it was due. In an unprecedented move that stunned many in both government and business, Reddy put his reasons unequivocally in a note. He even quantified the amount that government would have suffered by accepting Reliance's demand for the revision before the due date.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "una", "code": "16999671", "title": "People will not forgive UPA for massive corruption: Advani", "text": "UNA: Unimpressed by the Cabinet reshuffle, senior BJP leader L K Advani said on Sunday that the people of the country would not forgive the UPA for the \"massive corruption\" and face utter defeat in elections.\"I don't know what is going on in the Cabinet reshuffle. I have no interest in it and I think the people also don't care much about it,\" he said at a rally in Amb near Una.The former deputy prime minister said after the Bofors scam came to light, the voters did not spare the Rajiv Gandhi-led government which was enjoying support of more than 400 MPs, and claimed that the present government will also meet the same fate.\"People are eager for a change and it will start from Himachal and Gujarat where the BJP governments will return to power. UPA government will be defeated in the Lok Sabha polls which might be held in 2013 ahead of schedule,\" Advani said.He said at one side are BJP chief ministers Shanta Kumar and Prem Kumar Dhumal, who are popularly known as \"Paniwala\" and \"Sadakwala\" CMs for their works in the fields of road and water infrastructure, and on the other side is Virbhadra Singh, who has nothing to his credit. He also accused the HPCC president of tarnishing the image of the state due to his alleged involvement in corruption cases.Challenging Virbhadra for a public debate with Dhumal, Advani said key issues must be debated in public as it happens in the USA, and in case Virbhadra is not available, Leader of the Opposition Vidya Stokes should join the debate. Advani also accused the Congress-led government at the Centre of giving step-motherly treatment to the BJP-ruled state. \"When Dhumalji formed the government, then we said that the industrial package will extend till 2013. But the federal Congress government stopped it in 2007. Such injustice is not visible anywhere in the world, especially in a country which believes in federalism. This is step-motherly treatment. This was done only because the government here in Himachal Pradesh was of Dhumalji and the BJP,\" he said.The legislative assembly of Himachal Pradesh consists of 68 seats, 42 of which were won by BJP in the previous election. BJP is making several attempts to seek another term for chief minister of Himachal Pradesh, Prem Kumar Dhumal, who is leading the campaign.Former Union minister and Congress leader Virbhadra Singh, who was also five times chief minister of Himachal Pradesh, would contest from Shimla (rural).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16998313", "title": "With fresh faces in charge, PM looks to rev up governance", "text": "NEW DELHI: In giving Rahul Gandhi's \"nominees\" key responsibilities and shifting portfolios of some senior ministers, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh took a calculated gamble - not bereft of risks - to give a push to UPA's social and economic agenda.Aware that time is running out on Congress and the party cannot keep banking on opposition BJP shooting itself in the foot over controversies like party chief Nitin Gadkari's business dealings, the PM is looking to rev up governance in areas critical to the ruling coalition's fortunes.Singh knows some factors affecting the government's economic record are outside his control such as stalled growth in Europe and a weak revival in US. But getting the right mix of talent and motivation in place can help shake off the stupor into which several ministries have sunk.After the Coalgate fiasco, a jump in power generation is vital to quicken the wheels of the economy and Jyotiraditya Scindia has an opportunity to display a grasp of finance, regulation and reform. It is a test that will tell if potential can translate into performance.Scindia has the smarts although he will be dependent on a sluggish coal ministry under Sriprakash Jaiswal. Here, the Prime Minister's Office can be expected to play a role in sorting out inter-ministerial issues.Sachin Pilot's charge of corporate affairs allows him a leeway he would have missed as a mere minister of state. Improving the corporate environment by swifter and more transparent regulation can be doable as much of this can be done through e-governance methods.Scindia, Pilot and Jitendra Singh in youth affairs and sports have a chance to stand out, but if they fall into the trap of playing for optics, seeking the shine of office rather than its true political potential, Congress will pay the price.Veerappa Moily has bounced back with petroleum. The decision is seen in a pragmatic light as a bid to resolve gas supply bottlenecks and ease tensions with petro giants like RIL. This is not the time to pick fights and Moily is seen as the man for all occasions.Pallam Raju, a trained engineer and MBA, is an interesting choice for HRD. He can be expected to handle policy and modern initiatives like use of IT and will have ideas on exam reforms as well. His lack of familiarity with Hindi is a challenge in addressing big problems in north India.Raju's success will hinge on his ability to avoid confrontation as seen over exam reforms of IITs or management of IIMs. He will have to reexamine a cluster of education bills that have run into lobbies while also raising concerns over a highly centralized regulatory superstructure.The message for Rajasthan leader C P Joshi is that he needs to concentrate on improving the rate of highway construction from its current 11-12 km a day and finding the means to quickening award of contracts. He has strived to keep the ministry scam-free but needs to ensure delivery.If expectations that Joshi will get railway were thwarted, the choice of Chandigarh MP Pawan Bansal seems sound. A level-headed politician with a keen eye for detail, his presence should be balm for a ministry bent to the will of regional leaders.However, Bansal's challenge will lie in prioritizing railway's targets and ensuring it concentrates on its core areas. He will need to be purposefully selective in ensuring Congress's political objectives are met to offset the drawback of unpopular measures like fare hikes.If Haryana leader Selja is fretting about her new charge of social justice, she may need to get over her blues quickly as the ministry is seen to be rich in political symbolism. Its initiatives may be limited but they all address precisely the constituency that Congress bosses have targeted.Water resources, drinking water and sanitation also deal with policy matters now at important stages of finalization.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17002429", "title": "Five killed in road accident in Lucknow", "text": "LUCKNOW: Five persons were killed and three others injured when a truck collided with a van in Mall area on the outskirts of the city, police said on Monday.The incident took place on Sunday.Those killed were identified as Shahid (40), Paragi (50), Munnu Lal (25), Umesh (25) and Devi Prakash Raidas (35).The three injured have been rushed to a hospital, where their condition was stated to be stable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16997633", "title": "Training course on intellectual property rights", "text": "BHOPAL: A short term five-day training course on intellectual property rights, patent drafting, practice and procedure will be organized at Maulana Azad National Institute of Technology (MANIT) from Monday. According to Prof Vinita Mohindra, MANIT's director, Appukuttan K K will be the chief guest of the opening ceremony. Around 45 experts on intellectual property rights and patent will participate in the training course.College cricket: Bhopal defeated Ujjain to enter the final of the state-level cricket tournament being organized at Radharaman College on Sunday. In the semi-final, Ujjain invited hosts Bhopal to bat first. With the Shivam Choube's 64 run innings, Bhopal set 185 runs target for the loss of five wickets in the stipulated 20 overs. Chasing the target, Ujjain was restricted to 158 runs. Shivam was adjudged man of the match for his half-century.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16999578", "title": "Avon's Hajipur plant to start production in 2013-14", "text": "PATNA: Avon Cycles would start production at its Hajipur unit from 2013-14, said its managing director, Onkar Singh Pahwa, on Sunday. The state government has provided land for the cycle factory and the company expects to get the land possession by next month to start construction work.\"The ultra-modern plant would not only produce varieties of bicycles, but also generate employment opportunities in the state,\" Pahwa said, adding that a cycle plant requires many ancillary units as a cycle is manufactured with about 300 components.Pahwa said all the 120 company models would be manufactured to meet the demands of adults and children. \"For the farmers of the state, we have a 'Senapati' that costs Rs 3,000. It's a heavy duty cycle on which a farmer can carry fertilizer and their produce up to 200kgs. We will be making long-term and bigger investments in the state to sustain the firm for long time,\" he said.He said the company would attract clientele in the state by offering products in affordable range and coming out with some special schemes.For children too, the range is wide. The high power models that include Atlantus, Rough Rider, Pacific among others have been a major hit in the market. They come in the range of Rs 10,000-Rs 16,000. Among the boys' models like Rowdy while among the girls models like 'lady' are in good demand, Pahwa said, adding the Hajipur plant would produce all these and other models.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17002612", "title": "TV stars Ashish and Archana engaged", "text": "Much to the disappointment of his female fans, Ashish Sharma, who plays Ranveer in 'Rab Se Sohna Isshq', got engaged to his long-time lady love Archana Taide in a private ceremony last week.After a few years of knowing each other, the couple decided to seal the deal and declare their love for each other at a small engagement ceremony arranged for family and friends, in Mumbai. Their co-stars and friends from the industry put in an appearance as they wished the couple. The pair will tie the knot on January 30.Ashish said, \"We met in Baroda while I was shooting for Chandragupt Maurya and she had come to shoot for Mahima Shani Dev Ki . Since then, we have been going strong.\" When we asked him what he likes best in Archana, Ashish said, \"Pretty much everything. But I am spent on her smile.\"Since Archana is a Christian and Ashish a Brahmin, the marriage will take place in three different ways \u2014 one, according to Hindu tradition in Jaipur, the Christian wedding will happen in Goa and then, a court marriage.An equally smitten Archana informed that they will complete a year of togetherness in January. \"He is really a good soul with strong values. While a fiance generally gives you gifts, Ashish has given me my confidence back as I met him during the lowest phase of my life.\"Not many know that Archana loves perfumes. Ashish has also gifted her lot of perfume bottles, to add to her collection of 150 bottles. The icing on the cake? Archana will play a major role in the same channel's soon to be launched show Qubool Hai .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16998707", "title": "Biometrics at IGI still not in order", "text": "NEW DELHI: The much-hyped biometric system for drivers of yellow-top taxis at IGI airport has been undergoing trials at Terminal 3 last week: for the nth time in the four years since its conception. It is still plagued with several errors, claim taxi drivers. Traffic police say it would take another week to rectify the problems with the system, after which it will become operational; but the drivers are not buying this argument. They say there are several issues with the system and the operating agencies are completely clueless.The biometric system is supposed to provide security to passengers. But on Thursday, at least between 5 pm and 5.30 pm when a TOI team was present at the spot, none of the taxi drivers was required to give their thumb impression for verification.The drivers and booth operators said the system started off with thumb impressions being taken along with card swipe, but due to some problem, only ID cards had to be swiped to get entry into the taxi lane since the past two days.\"We have had trials of this system every few months for the past two years. Still, the problems continue. As of now, we are only swiping our ID cards, which completely defeats the purpose of the biometric process. The cards that have been issued to us also develop frequent problems. Each time that happens, about once in every few months, we have to pay Rs 250 to police for new verification and only then is a card reissued,\" said Narendra Kumar , general secretary of the taxi union for T3.Traffic police records, however, showed that 1,718 thumb prints were taken till Thursday evening. Only 80-odd persons were unable to verify thumb prints due to injury or other issues. Joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg said he was closely monitoring the system and would not allow it to become operational till everything was in order. \"Trials will go on for at least another week and we will ensure that all problems are ironed out. After that, the system will also be implemented for terminal 1D,\" he said.Sources said there was scepticism about the project's success. \"Several times inaugurations have been scheduled, but had to be called off as problems kept cropping up with the system. Those handling the system are not comfortable with it and some processes like the one for taxi drivers to claim their money is quite cumbersome. It is anyone's guess when it will actually take off,\" said sources.Meanwhile, a DIAL spokesperson said that there had been a minor hitch in the system on Thursday. \"On Thursday, for a brief period of 20 minutes in the evening, usage of thumb impressions was stalled due to a previous hand injury to one of the taxi drivers. Over 5,000 taxi drivers have successfully used biometric cards and thumb impressions during the trials for the past 5 days,\" said the spokesperson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17004584", "title": "Vikram Bhatt debunks Pinky Campbell's claims", "text": "Wannabe Indian model-turned-actor Pinky Campbell who is based in Los Angeles and has reportedly done cameos in American series How I Met Your Mother, True Blood , Numbers, Greek and Swingtown has been flaunting her Bollywood connection.The Jaipur born, newly minted blonde claims she will make her Bollywood debut in a Vikram Bhatt film. However, acclaimed director Vikram Bhatt debunked these claims.He says, \"I have met this girl for five minutes exactly. I connected with her on Facebook for one of my films and that's the end of the story,\" says Vikram. Reportedly, the actress had made tall claims that Vikram had seen his recent work and wished to meet her.The wannabe actress is in the mood to move to Mumbai to try her hand at Bollywood. She has said reportedly that her appearance did not work against her in Hollywood. According to Pinky, reportedly, she quickly picked up the accent and can now imitate Italian, English and French. She said in her interview that she was never cast as an Indian girl. Pointing out the difference in the two industries, she has said in an interview, \"Hollywood is very professional and all the actors are very well-respected.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17000608", "title": "Dalit leaders allege harassment by cops", "text": "MANGALORE: Nearly 50 cases of atrocity against dalits registered under the SC/ST Atrocity (Prevention) Act in various police stations under the city police commissionerate's limits were rejected in the past three years.Police disclosed the details of cases registered under the act and those which were rejected with B report at a SC/ST grievance redressal meeting held at the Police Commissioner's office in the city on Sunday.Dalit Sangharsha Samiti leader SP Anand told police commissioner Manish Kharbikar that there were many instances where complainants were harassed at the women's police station. \"They behave rudely with complainants and there are instances of torturing them too,\" Anand alleged and demanded action against such officers.Responding to Anand's complaint, the commissioner asked him to file a writing complaint detailing specific incidents. \"We will surely take action, if any officials are found guilty,\" Manish said.Further, Anand demanded a detailed investigation into the case of death of construction worker Basavaraj, who died at a private hospital in the city. \"Basavaraj was admitted to the hospital following complaints of fever. However, his workplace supervisor Vasanth has filed a case of unnatural death at Mangalore East police station. Vasanth also had complained that Basavaraj jumped from the fourth floor,\" Anand said.Police seek expert opinionThe commissioner directed cops to seek expert doctor's second opinion on the postmortem report of Shobha (23), a dalit girl who died while working as a housemaid in a house in the city about eight months ago.Shobha, daughter of Sesa and Saroja from Shirlalu village in Belthangady taluk, was serving as maid at the house of Leonel Mascarenhas at Shivbagh in the city for one and half years. Shobha's parents and dalit leaders had alleged foul play in her death.Meanwhile, the postmortem report also could not ascertain the actual cause of death. Hence, the commissioner took the decision of reviewing the postmortem report through an expert doctor at the meet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16999043", "title": "Senior police officer\u2019s son shoots self in Lucknow", "text": "LUCKNOW: Son of a senior police officer allegedly shot himself at his home around 3 pm on Sunday. Partha Mohan, 24, who was pursuing second year MA from Lucknow University, ended his life with a gunshot at his residence near Basera turn on Kanchana Bihari Marg in Kalyanpur area of the city.Partha's father Chidrangad is a 1983-batch provincial police service officer and was promoted to the IPS cadre in 1996. At present, he is a DIG-rank officer, serving as joint commissioner in the sales tax department.According to police, Partha was suffering from depression for the past six years and allegedly ended his life with 12-bore licensed gun belonging to his late grandfather Muni Lal. Partha was rushed to Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital, where he was declared brought dead. Family members refused to share details of what led him to the extreme step or about his life.Partha's father, a native of Chitrakoot district, had gone to Uttarakhand after the split in 1999 and served as superintendent of police in the hill state's police headquarters. He requested for a change of cadre and got himself transfer to Lucknow to look after his son.'Partha had been keeping unwell'\"Partha's father requested for a transfer to take better care of his son who was not keeping well for the past few years,\" confirmed RK Chaturvedi, senior superintendent of police, Lucknow. Partha's immediate family was not present in the house at the time of the incident. His mother, a lecturer, and elder brother stay in Nainital. Partha was looked after by his maternal aunt, who according to police, was the only family member present in the house at the time of the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16999190", "title": "A clause lost in fine print denies widow compensation", "text": "CHENNAI: When Mohana lost here husband in an accident, the meagre sum she was to receive as compensation from a private insurance company came as a shock, second only to her husband's death in magnitude.Blame it on her husband K Senthilkumar's imprudence or ignorance to pay a small additional insurance premium for personal accident coverage, Mohana, who was just 21 then, and their two minor children were given just Rs 50,000 instead of the Rs 20 lakh they were otherwise entitled to.The jolt did not end there: the private insurance company rushed to the Madras high court saying it was not obliged to pay even Rs 50,000 as compensation to the family, because Senthilkumar's insurance covered only third parties injured/killed or the vehicle damaged in the accident.And Mohana's woes were complete when a division bench of the HC pointed out Senthilkumar had been paying more than Rs 7,000 as annual premium to Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Company primarily to insulate himself from claims from third-party victims or damage to his Maruti car. He was not prudent enough to buy an insurance cover for his own injury or death by paying an additional amount.Senthilkumar lost his life after the car he was driving rammed a tree while trying to avoid hitting a dog nftear Rasipuram on September 15, 2002. He died at a private hospital in Coimbatore two days later. A division bench comprising Justice R Banumathi and Justice R Subbiah said, \"when the policy is only in respect of 'damage to third party property', it cannot be expanded to cover the death or bodily injury of the owner of the vehicle...So far as occupants of the vehicle are concerned, separate premium has to be paid on the amount of liability undertaken by the insurance company.\"Asked about Senthilkumar's case, advocate V S Suresh, who specializes in motor accident claims cases, said not many insurance companies explain the policy details to their customers to enable the latter to pay an additional premium for personal accident coverage (PAC).\"Had Senthilkumar paid a small additional premium, his family comprising a young wife and two minor children would have got their entire claim sum of 20 lakh as compensation,\" he said, adding that most of the insurance policies held by motorists in the state cover only third parties and the vehicles, and not the owner himself.Though Senthilkumar, who was not even 30 years at the time of his death, was earning about Rs 50,000 a month from his water packaging business, a motor accidents claim tribunal rejected the family's Rs 20 lakh demand. It, instead, awarded Rs 50,000 towards 'no fault liability'.An appeal in the high court was filed not by the flabbergasted family, but the insurance company which said it was under no legal obligation to pay even Rs 50,000.No fault liability comes into play when an owner-driver of a vehicle is injured or killed in an accident caused by no one's fault. In Senthilkumar's case, no one but a dog could be blamed for the accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17000044", "title": "Should you opt for a gold savings scheme?", "text": "Kick-starting with Dussehra, the festival season has begun in earnest, and so has the gold-buying season. The celebration will peak next month during Diwali and Dhanteras, which are considered the most auspicious for buying gold. Most Indians still prefer to hoard gold the old-fashioned way-jewellery and coins-rather than invest in paper gold. Should you shell out a chunk of your savings to buy gold now, considering its high price? Over the past few months, the price of gold has zoomed from 28,000 per 10 g in mid-May to 30,765 on 26 October.Of course, if you buy a sizeable piece of jewellery, such as a bracelet or necklace, during this season, you may end up burning a hole in your pocket. This is why many popular jewellers offer gold schemes. You can enroll in such a scheme for as low as 500 month for a tenure of 11-36 months. At the end of the chosen period, you will get extra cash from the jeweller, which you can use to buy the ornaments you want. However, before you jump on to such a scheme, here are a few things you should consider.How does it work?Gold or jewellery savings schemes come in two forms. A typical one allows you to deposit a fixed amount every month for the chosen tenure. When the term ends, you can buy gold (from the same jeweller) at a value that is equivalent to the total money deposited, including some bonus amount. This conversion is done at the gold price prevailing on maturity. In most cases, the jeweller adds a month's instalment at the end of the tenure as a cash incentive or may even offer gift item. For instance, popular branded jeweller Tanishq runs the 'Golden Harvest' scheme, wherein you need to invest a fixed amount every month (minimum 500) for 11 months. The twelfth instalment, is paid by the retailer.There is another form of savings scheme, which lets you book small quantities of gold every month at the prevailing rates, instead of converting the savings into gold at the final price. For instance, multibrand jewellery store Gitanjali Jewels offers a scheme Swarna Mangal Kalash' , wherein you can book gold every month in multiples of 1 g at the existing gold rate for 18 months. At the end of this period, you can redeem the total amount of gold booked, regard less of the price on the redemption day. However both types of schemes allow you to buy only jew ellery, not gold coins or bars.What to watch out forPay for making charges:At the end of the term when you actually buy the ornament, the seller will levy making charges. Usually, these are very high and can go up to 30% of the value of the item, de pending on the extent of workmanship involved A high making charge could effectively wipe out any saving you make through the additional in stalment or bonus. Some jewellers throw in a 30 50% discount on the making charges, while a few waive it completely in case of plain gold jewelleryNo control over gold price:In many schemes, the jewellery you purchase at the end of the tenure is available at the prevailing market rate. Since there is no way to lock in to the purchase price, you can not know the actual cost of conversion. If this fi nal price is much higher, your money will fetch smaller quantity of gold than the one you would have got by booking at the current price. You will only benefit if the price of gold at the end of the term is lower. To avoid making a loss, you could opt for a price protection scheme that lets you buy gold every month at existing rates rather than doing so at the end of maturity. Says Santosh Srivastava MD, Gitanjali Jewels: \"Such a scheme will help cus tomers average out their cost of purchase over period of time, in the same manner that a system atic investment plan (SIP) in a mutual fund does.It is also a better alternative as the impact of the final gold price on your actual purchase is nulli fied. Says Neeraj Chauhan, financial planner, Fi nancial Mall: \"Under the fixed price option, you know for sure the quantity of gold you will ulti mately get, instead of worrying about the fluctu ating gold prices.\"Agree to seller's terms:When you opt for any of these schemes, keep in mind that you will have to ultimately buy gold from the same jeweller. This means that you cannot negotiate with him on mak ing charges, which differ from seller to seller. In the normal course, you could have hunted for good deal by haggling with multiple sellers.Should you go for it?These savings schemes make sense if you cannot pay a lump sum to buy expensive jewellery. Buying gold or putting away money for it in small instal ments is less of a burden on the wallet than pay ing a hefty price for it at one go. Srivastava says \"With our gold savings scheme, we help customers plan in advance for any particular occasion, such as a wedding or festival.\" The schemes that offer higher cash incentive for a longer maturity savings plan will give you higher benefit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17002137", "title": "Kochadaiyaan: Deepika all praise for Rajinikanth", "text": "Deepika Padukone's next release is with the Rajinikanth . \"Working with him in Kochadaiyaan was very inspiring. The kind of energy he brings to the sets even after working for so many years he has that passion one can easily see in his eyes. After his illness I saw the same passion. We are trying out a new technique in Kochadaiyaan, the performance-capturing technique. So it's a completely new experience with me. While the emotions are what I've conveyed, the technique used is completely new.\"Deepika might dub for the Tamil version of Kochadaiyaan. \" As for Japanese or Telugu, I don't know these languages. The idea is to make this a big international film coming from India. It isn't only a Tamil language film.\"Deepika is deeply wounded with reports that Siddharth Mallya has bought her a home. Taking a deep breath the house-proud actress says, \"From the time I came to Mumbai I was looking for a particular kind of home which didn't have to be bought according to the kind of of money I made in Mumbai. I've been used to a certain kind of lifestyle from long before I came to Mumbai. And I worked hard for it. Thankfully my dad has handled all my finances pretty wisely. Yeah, I am smart about money. To hear people take away from my achievements by suggesting someone bought my house for me and, worse, that I am going to sell the house is insulting. Buying property in Mumbai is not that simple. I'm just getting used to my home, where's the question of moving out? I come from a home in Bangalore where we were taught to value what we have. I never took money from my father once I started working. More than me it's very embarrassing for my parents to read my home has been bought by someone and that I am selling the home that has supposedly gifted. I'm very proud of my house. It's been a year since I moved on. I wouldn't dream of moving out.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16998309", "title": "Pyarimohan Mohapatra shows off strength at rally", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: With infighting in the BJD turning murkier, dissident BJD leader Pyarimohan Mohapatra on Sunday attempted to puncture chief minister Naveen Patnaik's 'clean image' by saying the latter had struck a 'deal' with the Congress to suppress wrongs committed by him in allotment of coal blocks.Referring to the Coalgate, Pyari said Naveen had offered the UPA bosses that BJD members would remain absent from the Lok Sabha as a quid pro quo for 'protection' in the coal block allocation scam that has rocked the country. \"You help us, we will help you,\" Pyari remarked trying to drive home his point at the maiden rally organised by his newly launched Odisha Jan Morcha (OJM) here.Though Pyari has claimed the morcha was aimed at reforming the BJD, his declaration of open war against Naveen and the announcement that OJM targets to enroll 25 lakh members within the next five months made evident the possibility of the morcha becoming a political party in future.Countering Naveen's charge that Pyari was playing second fiddle to Congress, Mohapatra said, \"It is Naveen who is acting as the B team of the Congress.\"Addressing an impressive gathering titled 'Kranti Samabesh' at Lower PMG here, Pyari, who Naveen suspended from BJD in the wake of his alleged May 29 failed coup bid, accused the chief minister of being overly dependent on bureaucrats. \"In this government, the ministers are subservient to the secretaries,\" the RS member said, repeating his plea for restoring 'political governance' in the state.Speed post centres to accept passport applicationsBhubaneswar: Passport seekers can now file their application at speed post centres in the city and 53 other locations in Odisha. The receipt of applications at speed post centres was stalled after introduction of certain changes in the registration of online passport applications by the ministry of external affairs in June.\"We have again given official codes to speed post centres by which they can accept applications. Applications for fresh passport will only be entertained at these centres,\" regional passport officer Padma Mahanti said.Recently, the Regional Passport Office (RPO) organized an orientation programme for postal officials in Bhubaneswar to acquaint them with the updated version of receiving online applications.Unlike Passport Seva Kendra (PSK) in Bhubaneswar, the speed post centres will not capture the biometric fingerprints of applicants. \"Fingerprint collection is not mandatory at the speed post centres. Applicants need to furnish matriculation certificate, birth certificate and address proof only,\" Mahanti said.The RPO used to receive around 500 passport applications from all the 54 speed post centres every month. Out of the 54 centers, only 10 or 12 speed post centres in Rourkela, Berhampur, Bhubaneswar, Balasore and Puri among few others were active. The rest were almost inactive as the RPO did not receive a single passport application from these centres. So the RPO has decided to start awareness programmes on passport service available at speed post centres as many people do not know about it.It has also decided to give a fresh lease of life to the district passport cells (DPC) in 30 districts where applicants can submit their passport forms, akin to speed post centres and PSK. Though these were established five years ago, the cells are virtually non-functional for lack of awareness among the people. The RPO receives only 70 or 75 passport applications from all the 32 DPCs every month, even though a number of applicants from several districts throng the PSK here to apply for passports everyday. As many as 16 DPCs functioning at Balangir, Boudh, Bargarh, Dhenkanal, Deogarh, Ganjam, Gajapati, Jharsuguda, Khurda, Mayurbhanj, Nayagarh, Rayagada, Rourkela, Sambalpur, Sonepur and Malkangiri have earned the dubious distinction of not receiving a single passport application in the last six months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16998051", "title": "Saina Nehwal falters in French Open final", "text": "HYDERABAD: When top seed Saina Nehwal took to the court in the final of the French Open Super Series, in Paris on Sunday, against a relatively unknown and unseeded Minatsu Mitani of Japan, few would have bet against the Indian clinching another back-to-back title. But in a matter of 39 minutes, the Japanese demolished the Indian to script history by becoming the first player from her nation to win a Super Series title.The 19-21, 11-21 loss to Minatsu will surely hurt Saina a lot as this is the first time that she has lost to the Japanese, whose best career ranking so far has been 26. Saina, who won the Denmark Open Premier last week, looked clueless as Minastu retrieved everything and came up with some breathtaking angular crosscourt slices. Had Saina won on Sunday, she could have achieved a rare feat of claiming consecutive titles for the third time in her career. \"I got very tired today. All credit to her, she played really well,\" Saina told TOI.Minatsu had indeed displayed flashes of brilliance in the past when she recorded some unexpected victories against top Chinese shuttlers like Asian Games gold medalist Shixian Wang and Wang Lin. Even in Paris, Minatsu had stunned sixth-seeded Chinese Yanjiao Jiang in the first round before silencing two-time All England champion and third seed Tine Baun of Denmark in the quarterfinals.On Sunday, before a packed crowd, Minatsu came up with one of the best performances of her career as she got the better of the Indian ace with a wide range of strokes. Returning low drops at the net with equally tight dribbles, killing a high bird with a powerful smash, and finding vacant areas on the rival's court with deceptive crosscourt slices, Minatsu tried all the strokes available in the book and with success.And when the experienced world No. 3 tried to slow down the pace of the game with long rallies, Minatsu was game for it too. She displayed amazing athleticism by diving full length to retrieve half-smashes and then returning them from difficult positions.Despite such stiff resistance, Saina managed to score some big points and appeared to be in a position of comfort at 19-17 in the first game. But two unforced errors -- a push that crashed into the net, and a smash that landed wide -- helped Minastu draw parity. In the next rally, Saina made Minastu run all over the court, but instead of seizing advantage, the Indian fired the shuttle wide and repeated the mistake again to hand the game to Minatsu.Saina began the second game on a positive note, moving to 3-1 with three drops. But she failed to maintain the momentum as she seemed to have lost the battle in the mind. From 10-9, she allowed Minatsu to move to 10-15. And though Saina secured a point at this stage, Minatsu came up with another six-point burst to clinch the crown.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "quepem", "code": "16998643", "title": "Missing Uguem sarpanch found dead", "text": "QUEPEM: The body of Uguem sarpanch Dashrath Gaonkar, who was missing since October 20, 2012, was found hanging from a tree in a dense forest, barely one km from his house on Sunday morning.Gaonkar, 39, went missing while he was returning home with his wife and uncle after a prayer service in a nearby temple on October 20. He suddenly began running away from them and disappeared without a trace, although his wife and uncle tried to follow him.A massive manhunt had been launched to trace him, but in vain. His body was found hanging from a mango tree in a highly decomposed condition at around 11am on Sunday. Sources said that help from a seer was sought to trace him and it is claimed that the seer helped in finding the body.His mysterious disappearance had cast a pall of gloom over the village, near Sanguem town. The villagers were shocked to see that his feet were touching the ground, raising doubts that foul play could be reason for the death.\"One end of a trouser had been tied to his neck and the other to the mango tree,\" PI Devendra Gad said. Police conducted the panchanama and sent the body to Hospicio hospital for post-mortem. A village panchayat gram sabha on Sunday had been postponed.Sanguem MLA Subhash Phaldesai, who visited Hospicio in the evening, alleged that the postmortem had not been done till 7pm, though the body had reached the hospital around 4.15pm. He complained to the health minister regarding the delay. But sources at Hospicio said that it was not possible to conduct the postmortem before sunset for the last rites to be held. The body was lying in the car outside the morgue till 7pm, Phaldesai alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16999695", "title": "Eleven-year-old schoolboy saves sister from kidnapper", "text": "MUMBAI: An unidentified man tried to kidnap a six-year-old girl from the premises of her housing complex in Kalyan on Saturday evening, but her 11-year-old brother foiled the bid.According to the Bazarpeth police, Rakesh (11) and his 6-year-old sister, Radha, reside in 'A' wing of Gajanan Nagar Housing Society. On Saturday evening, the two were on their way to a coaching class in 'F' wing of the same complex. \"They got into the elevator along with an unidentified man,\" said Rajendra Buva, inspector, Bazarpeth police station.\"When they reached the fifth floor, the unidentified man did not let them leave and instead took them to the next floor. He grabbed Radha and asked the boy to go home,\" he added.Rakesh did not leave and raised an alarm, which caused Radha's kidnapper to flee the building. Some eyewitnesses claim the kidnapper ran down the staircase and jumped over the compound's fence.A CCTV camera near the building's gate could not record footage since it was obscured by foliage. On Sunday, the residents pruned the trees and put up a notice cautioning others. Meanwhile, the family has not filed a police complaint. \"Our team visited the building and our probe is under way.We will speak to the children soon, since they claim to have seen the kidnapper earlier.\" Buva said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16999312", "title": "Buses aren't polluting city: Police", "text": "KOLKATA: If you always blamed the smoke-belching, ramshackle buses for your breathing trouble, you have a supporter in the pollution control board, but not the city police. The latter claims that taxis and goods vehicles are the most polluting in Kolkata, not buses.Of the 950 vehicles prosecuted by Kolkata Traffic Police for pollution in 2011, 906 were either taxis or goods vehicles while only two were buses. If the police are to be believed, not one minibus, government bus or chartered bus was found violating pollution control norms.Air pollution figures recorded by the State Pollution Control Board (SPCB), however, reveal a contradiction. The figures hint that buses are the most polluting vehicles in the city. PCB officials primarily base their vehicular pollution report on nitrogen dioxide (NO2) and particulate matter (PM) emissions.On September 17 and 18 this year, when most buses were off the roads due to a bus strike, PCB recorded 10.62 microgram/cubic metre of NO2 near Rabindra Bharati University and the PM reading was 27.23 microgram/cubic metre.On weekdays, with most buses plying, the NO2 reading varies between 45-65 microgram/cubic metre and the PM reading is also up to 170 microgram/cubic metre. The same increase in NO2 and PM were recorded in other parts of the city on weekdays.\"The reading is sufficient to prove that buses are the most polluting vehicles in the city,\" a PCB officer said. PCB statistics also refuse to accept that taxis are the worst offenders.But during a taxi strike on July 25, when more than 22,000 cabs went off the roads, the NO2 and PM readings did not record reduced figures in either, unlike the day of the bus strike.The contradiction, however, raises questions on the efficiency of the Kolkata Police in implementing pollution norms. Sources said the loophole lies in the system. \"We have a dedicated anti-pollution wing, which conducts raids to spot the polluting vehicles,\" said Dilip Adak, deputy commissioner (traffic).Traffic police sources, however, claim that the wing conducts raids late at night when buses go off the roads and they never face the checks. The officers of the anti-pollution cell also allege that most of their equipment is defunct.So for years, despite being the most polluting vehicles, buses remain untouched. Perhaps government buses are the most privileged. For the past three years not one government bus was found to be a pollution offender.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "16997571", "title": "Tension brews at Gunadala over TDP, Congress yatra", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: Tension prevailed in the city on Sunday when the Telugu Desam Party (TDP) launched its padayatra close to the vicinity of Congress leader Devineni Nehru's residence in Gunadala. Situation turned volatile as both groups mobilised their followers and activists in big numbers. However, police stepped in and averted clashes.Trouble has been brewing in Gunadala ever since TDP urban committee chief Vallabhaneni Vamsi Mohan announced his plans to launch the padayatra in support of Chandrababu Naidu's 'Vastunna Meekosam' padayatra from the area. TDP leaders alleged that the followers of Nehru removed flags and erected banners in the centre and demanded the arrest of Congress leaders.Vamsi Mohan warned the Congress leaders of dire consequences if their padayatra was obstructed. On the other hand, Youth Congress leader and Nehru's son Avinash made an attempt to take out a rally along with his followers to celebrate the occasion of Chiranjeevi joining the Union cabinet. TDP district chief Devineni Umamaheswara Rao also reached the spot and insisted that the police prevent Congress cadres from taking out a rally till they completed their yatra.He alleged that the Congress rally was aimed at creating disturbances and implicating their party cadres. Vamsi said that their party workers were arrested without any reason. He demanded that their activists be released immediately. Police deployed additional forces to Gunadala and held discussions with both the groups.With the Congress group headed by Avinash agreeing to delay their rally, the police allowed the TDP to go ahead with their padayatra. About 30 minutes after the TDP yatra, the police permitted the Congress group to go ahead with the celebrations. Local legislator Malladi Vishnu slammed the TDP leaders for trying to make a big issue out of the padaytra.Trouble was brewing in Gunadala ever since TDP urban committee chief Vallabhaneni Vamsi Mohan announced his plans to launch the padayatra", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17002495", "title": "Bollywood bigwigs throng Indian Grand Prix conclusion party", "text": "NEW DELHI: Bollywood bigwigs and socialites thronged the F1 party as the second Indian Grand Prix concluded in New Delhi.Bollywood actor Arjun Rampal accompanied by his wife Meher Rampal, superstar Hrithik Roshan's wife Sussane Roshan and Hotelier Vikram Chatwal and others were all seen at the function.Red Bull's Sebastian Vettel won the Indian Grand Prix on Sunday and stretched his Formula One championship lead over Ferrari's Fernando Alonso , who was a battling second, to 13 points with three races remaining.The victory from pole position was the world champion's fourth in a row - the first time he has done that in a single season - and maintained his dominance in India after winning last year's inaugural race at the hazy Buddh International Circuit from pole.The 25-year-old German now has 240 points to 227 for Alonso, who started in fifth place, and his surge towards a third title in a row is beginning to look unstoppable despite the Spaniard's best efforts.His fifth win of the season was the 26th of his career, and the only mistake he made all afternoon was to switch off the engine too early as he came into the pitlane to park under the podium after Indian 2012 Olympic shooting bronze medallist Gagan Narang had waved the chequered flag.Australian teammate Mark Webber , who was third, gave the winning Red Bull a push with his car to reach the correct spot.Kimi Raikkonen hung on to third place in the overall standings with seventh place for Lotus on a hot afternoon but he is now 67 points off the lead and just six ahead of Webber.McLaren's Lewis Hamilton and Jenson Button finished fourth and fifth respectively, with the latter denying Vettel the fastest lap but with his title hopes now mathematically over for another year.In two years, no other driver has ever led a lap of the Indian circuit either.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16999692", "title": "31-hour walkathon ends with promise to get screened", "text": "CHANDIGARH: City's longest walkathon organized by Rani Breast Cancer Trust to create awareness about breast cancer and motivate women to take a mammography test as a precaution, concluded in Sector-17 Plaza on Sunday. The 31-hour walkathon concluded at 4pm and was followed by a rally.For the rally, the volunteers started walking from the fountain and took a round of the plaza encouraging and motivating onlookers to join in.Following this pink balloons were released to show solidarity with worldwide commemoration of Pink Month of October as breast cancer awareness month. Students of various colleges and schools from Tricity were also present to support the event.The two-day walkathon was held on two treadmills and saw participation from hundreds of Tricity residents.Supriya Kapoor, a Class X student, said, \"I walked the treadmill for one of my aunts who had breast cancer. Luckily, it was detected early so she is fine now. Early detection is the key to fighting this cancer and simple tests can help avert extreme circumstances.\"Subhiksha Rana, 31, said, \"I walked for myself with a promise that I will not only get myself screened, but also motivate others for a mammography as a precautionary measure.\"In order to attract large crowds and keep up the tempo of volunteers, various events like 'antakshri' were also organized at the Plaza. Meanwhile, a music concert was also staged during the walkathon.According to Bittu Sandhu, managing trustee of RBCT, \"The event aimed at spreading awareness among women about breast cancer as most of the times it's too late when it is detected. Moreover in Indian women are shy to talk on the matter, thus the event was aimed at changing their mindset and broadening their thinking.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "muzaffarpur", "code": "16999858", "title": "Ex-MLA booked for making Rs 2cr extortion call from jail", "text": "MUZAFFARPUR: Two FIRs have been lodged against former MLA Vijay Kumar Shukla alias Munna Shukla, who has been cooling his heels in Muzaffarpur central jail for a long time, for illegal possession of a mobile phone and for allegedly demanding Rs 2 crore as extortion money from one of the founders of a private engineering college of Bhagwanpur in Vaishali district.The money was demanded allegedly for organizing the JD-U's Adhikar Rally to be held in Patna on November 4. Munna Shukla's wife, Annu Shukla, is a JD (U) MLA from Lalganj in Vaishali district. Incidentally, Munna Shukla is serving jail term in connection with the murder of former minister Brij Bihari Prasad.While the first FIR was lodged with Mithanpura police station here by jailer Dilip Mishra, the other FIR was lodged with Bhagwanpur police station by the director, human resource, Patna Sahib College of Engineering and Technology, Bhagwanpur, Santlal Yadav. After Yadav informed Muzaffarpur DM Santosh Kumar Mall about the extortion call, the latter directed deputy collector Ajay Kumar , presently on deputation as the jail superintendent, to thoroughly search Shukla's jail ward and recover the mobile phone allegedly used in extortion call. Accordingly, Shukla's ward was checked on Saturday and a mobile phone with a charger was recovered, the DM said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17005011", "title": "Chennai Corporation to set up libraries in 76 schools", "text": "CHENNAI: In a bid to improve corporation school students' general knowledge, the civic body has decided to set up libraries in 76 high and higher secondary schools, along with giving them daily access to newspapers.The corporation council will give its go-ahead on Monday evening during their monthly meeting, to set up rooms, buy the necessary infrastructure like books, shelves, tables, chairs for the libraries, because they feel it is essential to help develop the reading habit amongst children. Initially schools with less than 1,000 students will get one set of 25 book and schools with more than 1,000 students will get two sets of the books, at a cost of Rs 90,300.Newspapers will also be supplied to 76 schools, and it will be followed by general knowledge tests based on the content.Cash prizes of Rs 200, Rs 150 and Rs 100 will be distributed to the toppers in the GK tests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16998590", "title": "Accident deaths on the rise because of speeding", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Death of 10 persons in separate road accidents within the short span of a fortnight has left traffic police authorities in a flurry. The accidents were reported from Dhoomanganj, Colonelganj, Daraganj, Nawabganj, Shankargarh and Karchana police circles and eight out of the 10 victims were aged between 15 and 35 years.Rattled by increasing number of deaths in road accidents, traffic police authorities have put all 27 accident-prone areas, known as 'black spots', under the scanner and senior cops have issued directives to tighten the noose around those violating speed limit, the main cause of most crashes and accidental deaths.Traffic inspector IP Singh said \"Speed limit violation is the prime cause of road accidents in the city and outskirts.\" He added, \"Despite repeated appeals and warnings, vehicle owners are not following norms.\"He said traffic sub-inspectors have been assigned to nab those found exceeding the speed limit and take stringent action against them. Cops have also been deployed at accident-prone areas to put the directions in place.In the past 10 months, over 210 persons lost their lives in road accidents in the region. In 2011, the district recorded 232 accidental deaths. Similarly, Uttar Pradesh had registered 30,153 cases of road accidents last year. The traffic directorate has initiated fresh steps issuing a set of directives to traffic police to minimise number of accidents.\"We have installed signboards indicating accident-prone area at some spots while barricading other spots to check mishaps,\" Singh told TOI, adding, \"Traffic cops have also been assigned duties at 12 spots to take action in case there is an accident.\" The road signs are meant to caution drivers. He added that after identifying 27 black spots traffic police are trying to minimise road accidents which claim more lives than any calamity or murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16998220", "title": "RTO cracks down on erring vehicles", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Bhubaneswar regional transport office (RTO), which often grumbles about staff crunch, suddenly became active on Sunday and cracked the whip on a large number of vehicles running without permit, licence, fitness and valid documents.Almost all those vehicles were transporting supporters of dissident BJD leader Pyarimohan Mohapatra to his Odisha Jan Morcha (OJM) rally, sources said. The crackdown coincided with the morcha leaders earlier alleging that the ruling party was misusing its transport machinery to sabotage the rally.While 35 vehicles, including four-wheelers and small buses were detained for several hours and fined on charges of overshooting the speed limit on national highway, 15 vehicles were fined for failing to produce valid documents, ources said. The vehicle checking was being carried out on the NH near Tamando and Pahala, on the outskirts of Bhubaneswar.Regional transport officer, Bhubaneswar, Lalmohan Sethi denied the crackdown was \"deliberate\". \"This was a routine check. It was not intended to prevent people from attending the rally,\" Sethi told TOI.OJM convener Jagneswar, however, said many morcha supporters could not reach Bhubaneswar as their vehicles were stranded across the state. \"Those vehicles, which managed to reach here, bore the brunt of transport officials as they took down vehicle registration numbers to frame them in false cases,\" Jagneswar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16999453", "title": "Coronavirus alert: Airport officials beef up surveillance", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Taking a serious view of the reporting of two cases of a Sars-like novel coronavirus infection in the Middle East, the Union health ministry has issued an advisory to enhance surveillance on incoming passengers from Saudi Arabia and Qatar.Health officials at Karipur airport said they would keep track of passengers who have respiratory illnesses that are different from the local flu. \"There won't be any special screening of passengers at the airport but we would keep track of those reporting symptoms of acute respiratory illness presenting with fever, cough and shortness of breath arriving from Saudi Arabia and Qatar,\" said Dr K V Hameed, medical officer, airport medical centre.The advisory issued by the Assistant Director General (International Health) of the Union Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has asked airports to report patients with symptoms of acute respiratory illness as per the case definition provided by the WHO. \"The advisory has been made especially with respect to incoming Haj passengers from Saudi Arabia,\" the letter says.The advisory also provides the case definition, comprising clinical, epidemiological and laboratory information, for identifying cases that are listed under three categories - patient under investigation, probable case and confirmed case.The novel coronavirus, related to the Sars virus that claimed hundreds of lives in 2003, has claimed the life of a 60-year-old in Saudi Arabia and a Qatari man is currently under treatment in London after contracting the disease.Hameed said if a passenger falls under the 'patient under investigation' category, he/she would be subjected to X-ray and other examinations. \"The details of patients would be passed on to Union health authorities... As of now, there is no reason to be scared as just two cases have been reported and human-to-human transmission has not been found.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16999406", "title": "Crunch in staff hits Igatpuri school", "text": "NASHIK: A school in Somaj, Igatpuri taluka of Nashik district that comes under zilla parishad, is facing a shortage of teachers. This has led to all classes being conducted by one teacher under a tree.On being asked, the teacher said that the school was grossly understaffed. Child rights activist Hemant Bhamre said, \"This school has classes from I to VII. There are two teachers, one of them is regularly out on office work and training and only one teacher handles classes. There are 200 students.\"He said that classes I to IV are conducted in classrooms but Classes V to VII study under a tree in the school's playground. A villager said that the sarpanch had informed the the ZP to inform of the lack of staff. When contacted, Prakash Andhale, deputy education officer, ZP, said that nobody had approached him and that when Bhamre informed him, he spoke to the deputy director of education to find a solution. \"There was no headmaster until now but very soon we will be appointing one and things will be easier,\" said B K Dahiphale, secondary education officer of ZP. When informed that only one teacher was doing the most administration work and therefore could not teach, he said that things are always managed in this manner in such schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17000064", "title": "Now, a glove that turns your hand into a wireless keyboard", "text": "WASHINGTON: Researchers have designed a new glove that allows your hands to function as a wireless keyboard.Researchers from the University of Alabama said instead of tapping keys on a keyboard, the user simply touches their thumb to certain points on their fingers which are assigned a letter or other keyboard function.Conductive thread carries the commands to a matchbox-sized Printed Circuit Board (PCB) affixed to the back of the glove.The PCB transmits it via Bluetooth, whether it's a computer, a mobile phone, music synthesizer, video game or military device.Gauntlet works as a touch screen by tapping your fingers to your thumb on a gloved hand.Four senior engineering students at UAH made the glove their senior design project for a computer engineering class led by Dr B Earl Wells.The students -- Jiake Liu, Stephen Dond, Douglas Kirby and Chris Heath - are now seeking a patent to market the product.\"It's basically a keyboard on your hand. You, by tapping your thumb on each segment of your fingers, type to the screen basically. And you can do a swiping gesture that would erase it,\" Lui said.Gauntlet is an acronym for Generally Accessible Universal Nomadic Tactile Low-power Electronic Typist. That's a lengthy description of what essentially is a glove with a beehive of conductive threads running throughout the fingers and palm.\"There are several applications we can think of right now. The easy one would be as a keyboard for the consumer market,\" Liu said.\"Also, the medical field for people limited to one hand from a disability. We can also think of military uses, as an entertainment device or used as a musical instrument for digital synthesising,\" Liu said in a statement.Dr Emil Jovanov, associate dean for Graduate Education and Research in the UAH College of Engineering, commended the students for their innovation.\"It is a perfect example of how you take an original idea, find your niche and complete the whole idea,\" Jovanov said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16999587", "title": "Smoke from ship-breaking yard irks dock officials, residents", "text": "MUMBAI: Smoke and foul odour from the ship-breaking yard near Dockyard Road has sparked health concerns among officials from Mazagon Dock Limited (MDL).The ship-breaking yard, popularly known as Darukhana, is in close proximity to the Mazagon Dock, and illegal burning of metal and rubber at the yard leaves a foul smell in the locality, irritating dock officials as well as local residents.Following complaints by senior MDL officials, the Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (MPCB) inspected the site and noticed that material was being burnt illegally at the yard. The board has since reported the matter to the Sewri police. It was also noticed that untreated waste left after burning the leftovers of ships was being dumped directly into the sea.\"We can smell burning rubber all the time,\" said an MDL official. MDL employees have raised questions over how polluting activities are being carried out in the open without any precautions. The ship-breaking yard is a protected area and such activities cannot be possible there without the involvement of insiders, sources said.The ship-breaking yard is owned and controlled by the Mumbai Port Trust (MbPT). On an average, there are three to four ships berthed at the yard on any given day and when the MPCB inspected the area and carried out ambient quality tests, it found that the smoke from the site was adversely affecting the health of the locals and the ambient environment. \"Most of the environment quality quotients were higher than the prescribed limits,\" said an MPCB official.MbPT officials said they have asked security personnel around the ship-breaking yard to be more vigilant. \"We are also trying to address the problem at the earliest,\" said an MbPT official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16997333", "title": "Three booked for attempt to murder", "text": "NAGPUR: Kalamna police on Friday registered offence against three persons for attempt to murder. Naresh Shende was assaulted with sharp and hard weapons at Kunjaram wadi near Dipty signal over an old dispute.It has come to fore that Shende and the accused trio--Angad Hirode, Vijay Bhachhi and Golu--had a tiff during the rally of Ganpati immersion last month. They had issued grave threats to each other. Police said that the culprits were waiting for an opportunity to teach Shende a lesson.After the assault, Shende was rushed to Mayo hospital, where he is still recuperating. Police are yet to nab anyone in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17000305", "title": "Brits can't flirt or tell if woman is interested", "text": "LONDON: British men are particularly bad at flirting and most are unable to tell when a woman is being flirtatious, a new study has found.According to statistics gathered by social anthropologist Jean Smith, flirting is all too rare in Britain and when it does take place, it's likely to fail. She found that flirting was rare in Britain and people just give up easily and went home; New Yorkers get right down to business; Parisians take refuge in ornate but timeproven ritual.She said that Britain's problems start with men. Protocol dictates that men should approach women. Men know this, yet they are horrified at the idea of rejection. New York men can cope with rejection by laughing about it with their pals and move on; however, British men seem swallowed up in despair. Smith said that only 35% of British men could tell if a woman was flirting with them.In Paris, 53% of men and 95% of women think they know what's happening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16999034", "title": "Khurshid elevated despite \u2018Trust\u2019 deficit", "text": "LUCKNOW: Salman Khurshid battled controversies and rubbished rumours of a possible dropout only to be elevated to external affairs ministry. This is his second stint in the ministry. Khurshid served as a junior minister in MEA between January 1993 and June 1996. He was looking after the law ministry so far.Among other UP ministers in the Manmohan Singh cabinet, Shri Prakash Jaiswal and Beni Prasad Verma managed to retain their portfolios despite recent controversies surrounding them, while Jitin Prasada was shifted to MoS defence and RPN Singh was moved from petroleum to MoS home. Rajeev Shukla got the additional charge of planning, apart from parliamentary affairs.Khurshid's name was recently mired in controversy after his family-run Dr Zakir Hussain Memorial Trust was accused of siphoning off funds meant for the differently abled. He was also accused of threatening India Against Corruption activist Arvind Kejriwal when he visited Farrukkhabad.Khurshid started his political career in 1981 as OSD to former PM Indira Gandhi and was elected to the Lok Sabha in 1991. He also led the UP Congress twice. He studied English and Law and was a student of St Stephen's and then Oxford, where he also taught Law at the Trinity College .An AICC member from 2003 to 2005, Khurshid resurrected his position when he was re-elected to the 15th Lok Sabha in 2009. Despite his status as a Union minister, he was unable to ensure victory for his wife Louise in the 2012 assembly elections.Though he is regarded among the most suave leaders in the Congress camp, Khurshid has had an unusual brush with controversies this year. In January, while campaigning for Louise, he violated the model code of conduct and promised that the Congress would introduce a new reservation sub-quota of 9% for minorities out of the existing 27% quota for OBC, a comment for which he had to tender apology.Days later, in Azamgarh, Khurshid said that Congress president Sonia Gandhi \"wept when she saw pictures of the Batla House encounter\". Within hours, the party leadership distanced itself from Khurshid's comments, leaving him red-faced.Prasada, a second term MP from Dhaurahra, is the Brahmin face of the UP Congress, while Singh, a Kurmi leader from East UP is the first time MP from Kushinagar. Sunday's reshuffle came as a relief to embattled Gonda MP and Union steel minister Beni Prasad Verma, perceived to be suffering from a foot-in-mouth syndrome for having repeatedly embarrassed the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16999776", "title": "SALT to help citizens keep tabs on development work", "text": "MUMBAI: The process to form a social audit local team (SALT) has begun in full swing in parts of the western suburbs and the island city.Each SALT, comprising 5-6 volunteers, will keep tabs on various work orders and participate in the development plan's formulation. \"We will design a software programme to keep tabs on the BMC's work orders and give weekly updates,\" said Anandini Thakoor, chairperson, H (West) Citizens' Federation.RTI activist Bhaskar Prabhu of Mahiti Adhikar Manch said the teams have already been formed in Matunga and a public hearing will be held to announce the actual allotment of civic projects. \"We have given SALT members an agenda comprising seven points,\" Prabhu said.\"Members can scrutinize work orders and audit road repair. They can take up issues related to civic schools and check if 27 items, which the BMC is mandated to distribute, have reached students,\" he said.The issue of gardens tops the agenda. \"Activists can audit if maintenance employees are doing their job properly,\" Prabhu said. SALT members also plan to take up the problem of solid waste management, which is scheduled correctly by the environment department of the BMC. \"We will examine issues connected to garbage collection vehicles and the number of drivers and employees per vehicle.\"\"Citizens can monitor whether or not the garbage pick-up timings are maintained. There is a schedule in place for each ward. SALT members will ensure if it is systematic, since there have been allegations of corruption is on the basis of rounds these garbage vans make. By next month, citizens will decide two people for roads, two people for garbage so on and so forth,\"said Prabhu. By November, citizens will nominate two SALT members each to look into road works, garbage collection and other issues.Recently, ex-information commissioner Shailesh Gandhi announced that he will be part of a SALT in ward no. 93 in Santa Cruz , where he resides.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16999089", "title": "Passenger from Delhi dies of dengue", "text": "LUCKNOW: A suspected dengue positive patient from Delhi travelling to his native place in Bihar's Madhubani district died in Lucknow on Sunday. Aged about 37 years, the condition of Ajay Singh deteriorated by the time the train reached Lucknow. According to reports, the patient's attendants got down and admitted him to the Railway Hospital, where he breathed his last.When asked to comment, the chief medical officer, Lucknow, Dr SNS Yadav said, \"The matter has not come to my knowledge. However, I can clearly say that the death should not be accounted for Lucknow or UP.\" He claimed that adequate measures are being taken to check the population of mosquitoes in the city. \"So far, no dengue death has been reported in the city,\" he stated.Meanwhile, two suspected dengue cases were reported from Sarojininagar area. The patients were identified as Aditya (9) and Lallu Rawat (40), who were undergoing treatment at Shyama Prasad Mukherjee Civil Hospital. The hospital administration denied that the patients were suffering with dengue. CMO, Lucknow said that the confirmatory test for dengue could not be performed on the patients, as they reportedly died before their samples could be collected for pathological tests.tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17003738", "title": "The Heroes Project: Nominate a Breast Cancer Hero &amp; WIN!", "text": "If you know a friend or family member who has suffered from breast cancer, you would know it's one of the hardest things they would have had to deal with.From the painful effects of treatment to hair loss and in certain cases even mastectomies, dealing with this disease can be traumatic to say the least. That's why we at iDiva.com want to take this opportunity to felicitate breast cancer survivors and/or their family members who helped them through this trying period and we'd like you to partner with us.Take part in THE HEROES PROJECT today! NOMINATE YOUR HERO &amp; WIN!How to take part in iDiva.com's Breast cancer initiative: If you know a breast cancer survivor - your mom, aunt, sister, wife or friend - or someone who helped a loved one survive, write in to us on THE HEROES PROJECT event page or mail us at idivaeditor@gmail.com with the story.Tell us how your hero beat breast cancer or helped someone else beat the big C and why you think we should felicitate him/her.From the entries we receive, we will pick 5 breast cancer survivors and feature their stories on iDiva.com.What's more, breast cancer survivors will be invited to an exclusive luncheon event on November 11 at Courtyard by Marriott, Andheri where we will felicitate them. A breast cancer awareness workshop will also be conducted by Devieka Bhojwani for the rest of the attendees.Spread the word - Share THE HEROES PROJECT on Facebook and Twitter today!Talking of breast cancer survivors, you must read the heart-warming stories of breast Cancer survivors Sheela Prabhu , Preeti Soin and Seema KumarAlso check out these awesome Breast Cancer Awareness Campaigns .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "tokyo", "code": "17004917", "title": "Japan vulnerable to cyber-attack", "text": "TOKYO: When most of the world was watching the Olympic Games, dozens of Japanese students were enthralled by the world of computer viruses and bugs.Some locked themselves in a room and spent six hours analyzing a malware worm called Gumbler that had tampered with the websites of Japanese companies like Honda in 2009.\"When I ask the instructor to attack my website, he immediately spotted the vulnerability,\" Yoshihiro Ura, a 19-year-old student at Osaka Prefecture University College of Technology, said.He was one of 40 participants at the cyber security camp in August, selected from some 300 candidates.According to the Japan Times, the Information-technology Promotion Agency has been sponsoring the security camp since 2004 to raise awareness about computer security among potential IT experts under 22 years.While the government is hurrying to set up organizations to counter internet-based attacks, the nation remains vulnerable due to a lack of sufficient numbers of cyber security specialists and effective systems and infrastructure to prevent security breaches, the report said.According to a 2012 white paper on information security published by the Information-technology Promotion Agency, Japanese companies need 22,000 more people to engage in cyber security.\"In Japan, companies see cyber security as a cost, while foreign companies see it as an investment,\" Kunio Miyamoto, a senior expert in NTT Data's information security office, said.The white paper also points out that there is no clear career path for such specialists.Last year, the computer network for Mitsubishi Heavy Industries , a primary defense contractor, was infected with a rash of viruses.According to the report, rxperts predict that such attacks will increase as firms globalize their systems and products.They said that cyber-attacks have the potential to destroy critical infrastructure and it is hard to identify perpetrators, the report said.The Defense Ministry announced in September it will set up a cybersecurity division in fiscal 2013 and earmarked 10 billion yen for the project, less than 1 per cent of the 4.7 trillion yen defense budget, the report added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17002683", "title": "Kushal's quick visit to home after robbery", "text": "TV actor Kushal Tandon was back home in Lucknow after a long time, but the visit was touch and go. A few months back we had mentioned how Kushal's house was robbed and how the thief had fled with his passport, among other valuables back then. Kushal's visit to Lucknow was in connection with formalities regarding a new passport.Says he, \"I lost a lot of stuff in that robbery but by far the most important was my passport. Wonder what the thief is planning to dowith it. Anyway, I was in Lucknow because I was required to complete some formalities at the passport office. They wanted identification like my fingerprints, etc and it was important for me to get a passport as I have a number of assignments lined up outside India in the coming few months.\"Meanwhile people on the sets of Kushal's TV show, Ek Hazaaron Mein Meri Behna Hai , in which he plays Virat, aren't too happy with the actor. The producers have been complaining about Kushal not reaching the sets on time. Something which Kushal also admits to. But the actor recently took it way too easy when he reported to the sets six hours late. That day, his on-screen wedding was being shot and he was required to wear heavy costumes, including a pagdi, which he kept taking off frequently disrupting the shoot. Informs a source, \"The cast and crew was already irked since Kushal kept them waiting and on top of that, he kept taking off his pagdi. The director finally asked him to wait till he finished shooting with other actors.\" When contacted, the actor said, \"I report late everyday. So, what's the big deal? No one can ask me to wait.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16997705", "title": "1,096 degrees awarded at Maulana Azad National Institute of Technology convocation", "text": "BHOPAL: In the ninth convocation ceremony held at the Maulana Azad National Institute of Technology (MANIT), 1,096 degrees were conferred. The students participated in the convocation sporting college blazer, trouser, and Gandhi cap.IIT Madras former director Prof Madaboosi Santanam Ananth was the chief guest at the function. Chairman of board of governors, MANIT, Prof G K Mehta presided over the function. MANIT's director Dr Appukuttan K K presented the details of developmental activities underway at the institute.Chief guest M S Ananth said, \"University education emphasizes the training of the left brain which thinks in words and uses step-by-step logical sequences. It is up to the students to nurture their right brains, which uses visual images and intuition to draw conclusions. Self-confidence is built only by repeatedly confirming the correctness of one's intuition using logic.\" 696 B Tech degrees, 26 degrees in B Plan, 41 degrees in B Arch, 72 MCA degrees, 45 MBA degrees, 176 M Tech degrees and 36 Ph Ed degrees were given. Candidates who stood first and second in their respective courses were awarded with gold and silver medals. Deans, HODs, and senate members were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16997716", "title": "Indian Law Society Pune wins moot court competition", "text": "BHOPAL: Indian Law Society (ILS), Pune won the title of the third edition of moot court competition which concluded on Sunday. Rajiv Gandhi National University of Law, Patiala stood second in the three day competition.The final day of the 3rd NLIU- Juris Corp National Corporate Law Moot Court Competition began with the semi-finalist teams the semi-finals. The including NLU Jodhpur, NLU Delhi, RGNUL Patiala and ILS Pune.Justice NK Jain (retired), founding partner of Juris Corp, Jayesh Hans, partner of Juris Corp, Sandeep Mahopatra, Dr Ghayur Alam and Dr. Kondaiah J were the judges for the final round.Director of the university, Prof SS Singh in his address highlighted the importance of mooting in the academic career of a law student, besides appreciating the role of such competitions.Hans pointed out that moot court competitions provide an ideal opportunity for law students to learn and come up with novel arguments to tackle the problem at hand.Justice NK Jain expressed his concern about the increasing pendency of cases in the Indian Judiciary and the quality and efficiency of judges practicing at the lower rungs of the judiciary. He appreciated the role of a moot court competition in honing the skills of budding lawyers in the country and urged law students to join the bar and improve the quality and competency of justice being imparted in the Indian courts.Winners: ILS PuneRunners Up: RGNUL PatialaBest Researcher: Neetu Ahlawat, Symbiosis School of Law, PuneBest Memorial: National Law University, OrissaBest Speaker: Shailesh Singh, national Academy of Legal Studies and Research (NALSAR), Hyderabad", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16997796", "title": "Illegal mining: Man found dead in Harmara", "text": "JAIPUR: Lack of safety measures and unauthorised use of explosives during mining on Jaipur outskirts allegedly claimed one more life. The body of a man was found near a mine at Naradpura village in Harmara area on Saturday morning. A former sarpanch has lodged an FIR against the mine owners alleging that the deceased, who was working at a stone mine, was killed during blasting of explosives. Villagers alleged that blasting was not permitted at the mine where the body was found.According to the villagers, the deceased, Gopal Lal, was a resident of Pushkar. \"He was working as a labourer at a mine and used to sleep during the night in a hut there. Some villagers saw his body buried under debris on Saturday morning. Injuries suggested that he died during blasting,\" said Prabhati Lal, a former sarpanch who lodged the FIR.He said that the villagers informed the mining department and police officers. \"Initially they did not allow the authorities to remove the body demanding that the district collector himself come to the spot. However, the ADM arrived and assured of action,\" said Prabhati Lal.He said that the villagers were hearing sounds of blasting at mines till 10 pm on Friday.\"Though only a couple of mines have permission to use explosives, that too in a very regulated way, almost all mines are carrying out blasts instead of breaking stones manually,\" said Prabhati Lal.According to the villagers, unsafe mining practices are going on unabated in over 50 licensed stone mines in the area. \"The police, mining department and administration officials are hand-in-glove with the mining mafia. A lot of bribe exchanges hands on regular basis following which everyone has turned a blind eye towards the menace,\" said Prabhati Lal.He alleged that everytime, the family members of the deceased were called and paid a hefty compensation by the mining owners so that the matter could be hushed up completely.Ramlal Yadav, a former sapanch said that the hilly terrain connecting Dadar and Naradpura has become a menace for villagers living in the area. Police have however, registered an FIR under Section 304A (causing death by negligence) of IPC.However, police said that the man had fallen to the ground in sleep from the hill where he lived. \"It was a 100-feet fall. Evidence suggest that he was drunk and fell to the ground. There were no injuries suggesting that he had sustained them during blasting. He was not buried. His body was lying on stones,\" said SHO, Harmara, Rai Singh Beniwal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17002895", "title": "Manoj Tiwari to host Savdhaan India", "text": "Superstar of Bhojpuri cinema and a well known TV personality, Manoj Tiwari will soon be seen on small screen again. Manoj Tiwari has been roped in as the new host for Savdhaan India. The show is based on real life crimes and the association of Manoj Tiwari with the show is definitely going to rake up the TRPs.Manoj Tiwari has also hosted shows like Chak De Bachche, Sur Sangram, Bharat Ki Shaan etc. Manoj is very excited for the show and said,\" I wanted to a crime based show for a very long time. And now I have got the opportunity.\"Source: bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16999180", "title": "HC order aftermath: No takers for foot overbridges", "text": "The ambitious plan of the city municipal corporation to construct 14 foot overbridges (FOBs) across the city seems to be caught in a limbo following the recent high court order to remove all advertisement hoardings in the city.According to a source, these 14 FOBs were supposed to be built by private agencies at their own cost and in return were to have the rights to display advertisements on them in order to recover their cost. However, with the recent court order banning such display, officials say that no one will be interested in taking up the job.\"The idea was to provide the foot overbridge facility to the commuters, while at the same time try not to spend the MCG money on constructing them. Therefore the plan was drawn to award the job to private agencies that would build and maintain these FOBs at their cost for a period of 20 years. Their earnings would be through the advertisement revenue they get as the ad space will belong to them for a certain period. However, now we are caught in an uncomfortable situation,\" said a senior engineering department official.\"We are not sure how to go about this issue and we can only hope that a middle path is found and the court treats this case as an exception. We will take up the matter with the bench in the next hearing in this case in January next year. Right now we have decided to go slow on the project and wait till the next hearing,\" he said.In a recent court hearing, Punjab and Haryana high court ordered that all the advertisement hoardings in the city and elsewhere in the state should be removed as they lead to accidents since they distract the motorists. The court was hearing a case filed by a resident against the state government. Following the order, the urban local bodies department has directed all district heads to remove these hoardings by this month end.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16999400", "title": "MSRTC earns 1.73cr this Navratri", "text": "NASHIK: The Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC), entrusted with the responsibility of carrying the pilgrims up the Vani Hills to Saptshrungi temple, has registered business of Rs 1.73 crore, nearly 40% more compared to last year.During the nine-day Navratri Festival, the entry of private vehicles into the ghat is restricted \u2014 given the narrow road and dangerous curves. Besides, the lack of space available upstairs for parking of vehicles is another reason that the entry of private vehicles is restricted in the area to ensure safety on the hills.According to the divisional controller of MSRTC, Kailash Deshmukh, the revenue earned has scaled up with more number of pilgrims visiting the pilgrimage centre than the last year. The Saptashringi temple witnessed a 40% rise in the number of pilgrims compared to last year.\"There were more people this year and hence we had to pool in several buses into service here. We had to bring more buses to carry pilgrims both ways and hence some of the buses were scheduled from Malegaon and adjoining areas as the maximum number of people coming to the temple are from these areas,\" the official said.The MSRTC pressed into service a total of 270 buses from Nashik city and some of the various towns. Of these, 70 buses were exclusively deployed to carry pilgrims from the base (at Nanduri village) to the temple at the top of the hills.\"The seventh, eighth and the ninth day saw maximum business as on these days, nearly 3 lakh pilgrims turned up to visit the temple,\" Deshmukh said, adding that the revenue generated this year exceeded by about 40% than last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17002778", "title": "Simran Kaur as Anamika on Sony TV?", "text": "The promo of Vikas Seth's debut show as a producer on Sony TV, titled Anamika is out on the channel since few days now.As reported earlier, Annie Gill and Mudit Nayyer will make the lead pair but if noticed by the viewers, there is someone in the promo, who is shown as the black evil shadow, the haunted soul, which always brings barriers in the lead pair's happiness.Let us inform our readers that the phantom is played by none other than Simran Kaur, last seen in Colors's Na Aana Iss Des Laado, essaying the parallel lead.Yes, you read it correct! Simran is the one, who essays the ghost in the show. Talking on Simran's character a reliable source informs, Simran's character though being a ghost will act like other normal living beings but actual has a bad motive to destroy the lead couple's happiness. All thanks to the bad past with the lead guy.The show has a simple love triangle concept with a super natural touch that makes the show unique and an eye grabber.All our efforts to reach Simran Kaur Bhalla were futile. On the other hand, we too hear that the show is set to launch sometimes in next month and if sources are to be believed Sony TV's Love Marriage Ya Arrange Marriage will have to bare the burnt to make way for Anamika.With this, Sony TV gets one more unique love story in its kitty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16997935", "title": "Bank robbery accused in police remand", "text": "INDORE: Police have taken into remand the two accused arrested in the robbery cases till November 6. ASP, crime branch, Manoj Rai told ToI that police have taken remand of both accused Jaspal Singh and Vikki alias Mahendra Singh. While the former was arrested from Bareli, Vikki alias Mahendra Singh was arrested from Rudrapura of Uttarakhand , who had spilled the beans about the incident, he added.About the other accused, he said that police teams have been sent to different places for their arrest. The other two accused Mobin alias Irfan alias Faiyaz and Ameen alias Anees alias Raja are in Navi Mumbai jail. Both are the residents of Khajrana. They are believed to be involved in Ahmedabad serial blast that occurred in 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "greater noda", "code": "16997561", "title": "Formula No. 1: In India, V stands for Vettel", "text": "GREATER NODA: Sebastian Vettel's love affair with India continues. The Red Bull Racing driver not only won the Airtel Indian Grand Prix for the second straight year on Sunday, he reiterated his admiration for the country after the victory.In Pics: Vettel wins Indian GP | F1 Results | Drivers' Standings | Constructors' Standings\"India has a lot to offer. There are a lot of people here: 1.3 billion or more. It's quite incredible just to see that, to see how people live here, to see the culture. I think is very, very different,\" said the 25-year-old German, who had endeared himself to Indian fans last year with his attempt to speak in Hindi.Vettel, leading from the start, cantered to his fourth successive win and fifth of the season. He was followed by Fernando Alonso and Webber on the podium. Vettel maintains a 13-point lead over Alonso in the drivers' championship and travels to Abu Dhabi with momentum behind him.Though there were fears that the second Indian Grand Prix would be a low-key affair, there were plenty of stars and pretty faces adding a touch of glamour. The Paddock Club played host to cricketers Yuvraj Singh and Harbhajan Singh , Bollywood stars Ajay Devgn, Sonakshi Sinha and Gul Panag while about 65,000 fans turned out to watch the tussle between Vettel and Alonso at the circuit that bears a distinctly different and a more beautiful look this year with a lush green cover.Vettel, who has always been appreciative of the Buddh International Circuit , seems to have been won over by Indian culture and the simplicity of its people. \"Here money is not that important. It doesn't matter how old you are. I think it's more important to have a healthy, happy life, to enjoy your life with your family, with your kids... As a country, this place has a lot to offer,\" he said to applause in the press centre. His teammate, Mark Webber , nodded in appreciation.For the second year in a row, it was another sportsperson who waved the chequered flag. Sachin Tendulkar did the honours last year and it was 2012 Olympic bronze medallist Gagan Narang who was entrusted with the job this year.Moments of the race* Alonso split the two McLarens of Hamilton and Button and overtook them within five laps. On Lap 1, Alonso managed to draft past both Hamilton and Button on the long straight, then saw them go back around him - one on either side - at Turn 4. On Lap 5, he left Button behind using the DRS.* Schumacher's last race in India was a disaster from the word go. He suffered a right rear puncture on the first corner and was lapped by the rest of the field. He then committed a rookie mistake and ignored blue flags, for which he was later hauled up by the stewards.* Sauber's Sergio Perez had another disappointing race when he retired on lap 42 after a slight brush with Daniel Ricciardo's Williams took his right rear tyre off.* McLaren showed why they are one of the best teams out there when they did an amazingly slick \"5-wheel\" pit stop with Hamilton on lap 33. As the crew put on hard tyres, Hamilton had a new steering wheel put in place. The whole process took just 3.3 seconds.* Vettel drove a faultless race but there was a brief moment of worry for him and the team when his under-tray generated sparks with 10 laps to go. There were concerns that there could be a potential problem with scrutineering with the plank width. But nothing happened. Thus, Vettel became the first man since the great Ayrton Senna 1989 to lead three straight races from start to finish.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17010361", "title": "Diamantaires ensure workers have bright Diwali", "text": "SURAT: The Election Commission (EC) has so far not heeded to the request of diamantaires to allow them to send cash to their units in different places in the election-bound Gujarat above the limit of Rs 2.5 lakh that the former has set until November 5.This has forced the diamantaires in the world's biggest diamond cutting and polishing centre in Surat, north Gujarat and Saurashtra to make other arrangements for Diwali payments to diamond workers.\"We can't let our workers continue to do job without being paid during the Diwali festival. It is festival time and the workers are eagerly waiting for their wage and bonus payments. About 95 per cent of the small and medium diamantaires in Surat and other centres across the state have made arrangements to ensure that the workers get timely payment,\" said Dinesh Navadia, president, Surat Diamond Association (SDA).He said a two-member delegation from the diamond industry had visited New Delhi to meet the director general (election expenditure), EC. The delegation strongly represented before PK Dash two weeks ago the problems of diamantaires due to cash seizure by surveillance teams. The EC had conveyed to the delegation that its team will be visiting Gujarat on October 29.\"The chief election commissioner of India visited Ahmedabad on Monday, but we have not been called for discussion about cash seizure. Few days ago, we had written to EC to allow us to represent the issue again during its upcoming visit to Gujarat, but we did not receive a favourable reply. However, the diamond manufacturers have made arrangements on their own to make Diwali payments,\" said Rohit Mehta, former president, SDA.Industry sources said most of the small diamantaires do not have bank accounts and thus they are dependent on the services of angadias for the transfer of funds from one place to another. The angadias have refused to deliver cash fearing seizure by the surveillance teams creating difficulties for the diamond manufacturers.Rakesh Thummar, a diamond manufacturer from Surat, who owns three diamond cutting and polishing factories in Amreli, said, \"I sent my two brothers to Amreli with cash worth Rs 10 lakh for making Diwali payments to 100 workers employed in my units there. They travelled in the luxury bus to Amreli and returned the very next day. The survelliance teams are only stopping cars and not the pedestrians on road.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16997839", "title": "Rupesh Shah pockets second world title", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Rupesh Shah kept alive Ahmedabad's rich legacy of producing billiards champions when he beat Australia's Matthew Bolton 6-2 in the World Billiards (point frame) Championship in Leeds, UK, late on Saturday night. With this, be came the fifth Indian to win the title twice. The 39-year-old, an ONGC employee, won his maiden world title in 2007 by defeating Ashok Shandaliya in Singapore .The other Indians to have won the title at least twice are Wilson Jones, Michael Ferreira, Geet Sethi and Pankaj Advani . Sethi, who was the first to put Ahmedabad on the world map, has won five professional world titles and three amateur titles so far.Rupesh realized the current championship could be his when he thrashed 17-time world champion Mike Russell 4-2 in the quarterfinal. \"I told myself that if I can beat Mike I could beat anyone. My confidence got a boost further when I beat Peter Gilchrist 5-2 in the semis,\" he told TOI from Leeds.Rupesh started off in the final in style by winning the first game comfortably. But Bolton came back hard at Rupesh to win the next and level the match 1-1. However, it was the fifth game that proved to be the turning point as Bolton missed a cannon on 148 and Rupesh won the game to make it 3-2 in his favour. Having nosed ahead, Rupesh played safe from there on and ended up bagging the title comfortably.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16998175", "title": "BJP criticizes Congress white paper on infiltration", "text": "GUWAHATI: BJP national vice president Bijoya Chakraborty here on Sunday criticized the state government's white paper on infiltration, alleging that it did not project the threat posed by the influx from Bangladesh to the indigenous people in the state.\"The state government's white paper did not give an exact picture of the infiltration. Chief minister Tarun Gogoi tried to downplay the seriousness of the problem posed by infiltration from Bangladesh,\" Chakraborty alleged.She also claimed that infiltration has become a big threat to the identity of the indigenous people, but the government did not show any seriousness in curbing the problem.\"We are not at all happy with the whitepaper. It is a reflection of the present government's lackadaisical attitude of ensuring security of the indigenous people,\" Chakraborty added.The BJP vice president claimed that thousands of Bangladeshis had gone missing after their detection as foreigners. \"We want to know the whereabouts of these Bangladeshis, who went still missing after they were detected as foreigner,\" she demanded.She also claimed that about 7,000 bigha land under different satras in the state were now encroached upon by suspected Bangladeshis.A BJP team met CM Tarun Gogoi on Saturday asking for more security and measures to maintain peace in Dhubri district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16997862", "title": "Over 1,200 cracker licences issued, safety norms a concern", "text": "JAIPUR: The markets are flooded with tonnes of firecrackers as the festival of lights is merely a fortnight away. This year, the city police has issued 1,200 licences for selling firecrackers, though there are no ways and means to ensure that the traders will stick to the safety norms..In the Walled City, one can see firecracker shops near burning furnaces, below electric transformers and in narrow lanes. However, every year, seeing it as a short-span business, police as well as the traders tend to forget whatever safety aspects they had promised.In 2011, the Jaipur police had issued 1,187 licences for firecracker shops and if the police are to be believed, majority of them complied with safety norms as merely 25 licences were cancelled.Shops at Tripolia Bazaar and Johari Bazaar are mainly wholesale dealers where nearly 50 tonnes of firecrackers are kept this year. However, none of the shops in the Walled City have fire-fighting gadgets except one. However, police has its different version on it.\"We issue licences only after seeing the shop. The district fire officer and concerned deputy commissioner of police go for ground verification of the shop to give nod to the licence,\" said Dharmendra Sagar, DCP (licence) on Sunday. The police also maintained that after issuing licences, they will conduct surprise raids on the shops to find if they are complying with the fire-safety norms or not.\"We will ask the concerned circle inspectors to check the shops in their areas to find out if the shopowner after getting licence is actually keeping fire-fighting devices. The defaulters would be penalized,\" Sagar added.BL Soni, commissioner of police, said: \"We will not only suspend the licences of the defaulters but will also take action as per law if any untoward incident happens due to their negligence.\"There are clear norms that these shops can't be run from a tin shed or tent and also there should not be things like LPG, furnace or other items at least near 9 feet from the shop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17000039", "title": "Every investment product carries some risk", "text": "Assess the risks according to your investing profile before choosing a financial product, says Uma Shashikant .Last week an 80-year old woman wrote to me about her investments. She had been receiving a pension, but hardly used it as she was staying with her son, and had accumulated 10 lakh. The relationship manager of her bank has been trying to persuade her to invest the amount in a fixed deposit of a company that was offering 11.5% per annum. She had read about the impact of inflation on investments and asked me if she should choose the product since the rate seemed attractive. The company in question is a multi-business venture going through a bad patch in several of its core businesses. Her mail was a sharp reminder of the prevailing mis-selling in the markets and the vulnerability of investors, who do not see risk as clearly as returns.There is no investment product without risk. To invest is to allow someone else to use your money; the manner in which the money will be used and the return it will generate is always subject to the unknown. It is the degree and nature of risk that varies. Think of risk as using road. If someone told you that you could step on to a busy road with eyes closed, you would consider it insane. To invest without considering risk is similar. It is not as if we avoid the roads from fear of accidents. We are aware of the risks and act accordingly. Unfortunately, accidents continue to happen, but we do not wish away the risk, or avoid the roads altogether for the fear of being hit. To invest is to consider the risks and act accordingly.What are the risks that my reader did not consider? She saw the product as protecting her from inflation since the rate offered was high. An investment that grows in value, such as equity or property, inherently offers protection against inflation since the price moves up over time. An income-generating investment, such as a deposit, is unlikely to offer this protection across economic cycles. Interest rate is a compensation for inflation and the rates on such products tend to align with the expectation about inflation. This means that interest rates will be cyclical, moving up and down in line with the likely inflation. Therefore, high interest rates are offered when inflation is expected to be high, but during such times the products are offered for shorter maturities. No borrower, unless desperate , would lock himself into a high rate for a long period, knowing fully well that the interest rates are cyclical and would fall in the future . My 80-year-old investor is not looking at the next 20 years, but when her deposit matures in three years, she is likely to get an interest rate depending on the situation at the time. A fixed income product, such as a deposit, will, at best, help stay in line with inflation. It won't help her beat it. High rates during high inflation is a tactical opportunity, at best.It is not uncommon to find products with high interest rates during times of high inflation . However, care should be taken to ask why the rate being offered is high. Borrowers may be stressed; they could be in dire need of money and willing to pay a higher rate. A company deposit is an unsecured borrowing. This means the investor has no recourse to assets of the borrower if there is a default. Many would argue, rightly, that all companies do not default and that there is a credit rating for the deposit. Default risk is not just about the company failing to repay the deposit. If the situation gets worse for the company, its credit rating can drop. When a company is rated AA at the time of an issue, and is dropped at A- before the deposit matures, the risk for the investor has increased. However , the interest rate is the old one and it does not capture the new risk.If the investor finds that the risks have gone up and wants to sell her investment, she cannot do so. The company deposit is not liquid and she must wait for its maturity. She will not be able to access the deposit if she needs money before its maturity. Her need is to be able to claim her investments if she were to fall ill and needed money for her medical expenses.She may be able to take a loan against the deposit , but it would not serve her purpose since she has no income to repay the loan, and having spent the money on her medical treatment, she may have to end up forfeiting the deposit she offered as collateral.The company deposit that my reader is considering has a high reinvestment risk-it is a short-term product and she cannot assume that she will get the same rate when it matures. It has a high default risk-the credit rating of the deposit may fall even as she is holding it, and in the worst case, it may default. It has a high liquidity risk-her money is locked in with no liquidity. The 11.5% return comes with these risks, and the question she should ask is whether the product is suitable for her needs.If her primary need is to access the money when needed, she should choose a safer and more liquid investment. Depositing the money with her bank and breaking her deposit when she needs the money might serve her needs well. She has hardly used her pension and the accumulated 10 lakh indicates that she has few needs. Chasing a higher return is not even a critical need in her case, and it is not worth taking the risk of an unsecured deposit with the company whose financial position is weak.If she is not in a hurry to reach her destination , she is better off walking on the pavement carefully, instead of jumping on to the footboard of a crowded bus.-- The author is Managing Director, Centre for Investment Education and Learning, and can be reached at uma.shashikant@ ciel.co.in", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16999251", "title": "Bakrid celebrated amid traditional fervour &amp; gaiety", "text": "KANPUR: Eid-uz-Zuha, popularly known as Bakrid, was celebrated with traditional gaiety and fervour on Saturday. The festival was marked by the mass prayers and feasts. People also visited the houses of relatives and friends to celebrate the festival.Thousands of people, dressed-up in white 'kurta pajama', converged at different mosques and idgahs to offer namaz. Security forces kept a strict vigil and the festivities passed off peacefully.After the namaz, adults and children hugged and greeted each other. Women offered namaz at mosque at Faihfulganj.The Bakri Eid sacrifice commemorates Prophet Abraham's willingness to offer his only son Ishmail to Allah. This festival is celebrated approximately 70 days after the end of Ramzan.As per tradition, the sacrificial offering has to be divided into three portions. One for the household, another for friends and relatives and the third for the poor and needy.The rituals continued at households where people went to meet each other in the evening. The kids were happy. Women were busy cooking delicious meals for the family and friends.\"The sacrifice can be offered on the first day of the festival at any time later or before the afternoon of the third day. Bakrid continues for three days,\" said Alam, a resident of Bakarganj.People from different castes and creed reached the houses of Muslim friends and wished them. They enjoyed non-vegetarian dishes.The youth, most of them who are tech savvy now, conveyed 'eid mubarak' through messages and e-greetings to relatives and friends. The malls, shopping arcades, parks and food joints all full of people till late at night.Women gather for Eid prayerThousands of Muslim women joined their men counterpart to offer namaz on the occasion of Eid ul Azha on Saturday. Special arrangements were made for women to offer 'ibaadat' (prayers).Muslim women offered namaz at Eidgah in Faithfulganj, Sujatganj and Rail Bazar. The women prayed for the well being and progress of the country and the countrymen. Little children dressed up in kurta-pyjama heads covered along with their mothers were also spotted at several Eidgahs. Hilmi, a resident of Babupurwa who had come to offer prayers at Sujatganj Eidgah said the namaz offered to Allah on the day of Baqrid holds special relevance and added that all women members of her family come to this Eidgah to pray every year.Heena and Ruhi, two sisters who had also come to the same Eidgah, told TOI after namaz that they had prayed for the well being of the nation and its citizens. The duo added they asked Allah to let peace prevail upon his people. The two later headed for their homes saying they had to prepare delicacies for the festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16997335", "title": "Sabotage feared as railway track clips removed", "text": "NAGPUR: In what could be a case of sabotage, around 636 pandrol clips installed on railway tracks were found removed between Dahegaon and Kawtha railway stations, around 100km from here near Pulgaon on Sunday morning.Pandrol clips are used to fasten rails and railway sleepers. These fastenings continue to grip the rail under vibration and are considered vital from train safety. A major tragedy was averted, officials admitted.The missing clips were first noticed by keyman Dharamdas Ramteke around 7.30am during routine patrolling of the tracks. As a move of caution, trains moved at a speed of 30 kmph from both the spots. The clips were reinstalled by 2pm.Pulgaon police told TOI that around 444 clips on the up line and 192 clips on the down line were removed by miscreants on Sunday night. An offence has been registered.Central Railway PRO P D Patil confirmed that the clips were actually not stolen but removed and discarded aside the tracks in a 150-metre distance on the up line and around 70 metres on the down line.\"Sabotage cannot be ruled out. If it had been a theft, the clips would have gone missing. The fact that they had been simply removed and kept aside is suspicious,\" Patil said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16998138", "title": "MTDC, ASI sign MoU to give 158 forts a makeover", "text": "PUNE: The state forest department, the Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation (MTDC) and the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) have signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) to conserve and develop 158 forts in the state.Many forts fall in areas declared 'protected' by the forest department and the stringent rules have made it difficult to carry out any restoration, repair or conservation work at these forts. \"The MoU will enable all departments to work in coordination to conserve the historical treasure of the state,\" said Ashok Khadse, regional manager of the Forest Development Corporation of Maharashtra.Rajmachi, Lohagad, Sindhudurg, Vijaydurg, Rajgad, Harishchandragad are some of the forts that will be restored.Khadse was instrumental in carrying out conservation work at Sinhagad and Shivneri forts. He said, \"The departments will plan a policy to restore the forts in the state. Since Sinhagad and Shivneri were restored, not a single proposal has been submitted for conservation of other forts.\"Some of the forts in the state are under the ASI's jurisdiction, while some are under the state department of archaeology. \"If any conservation work needs to be carried out at these forts, we have to take permission from the respective ASI officials. It is a tedious and time-consuming process. The MoU will sort out these issues,\" Khadse said.Rajendra Kadam, deputy conservator of forest, said, \"While forts come under the jurisdiction of the ASI, the surroundings of the fort fall under the forest department. The tourism aspect of the fort comes under the MTDC. With the MoU, the departments will collaborate on the conservation work.\"On the procedure that was carried out during the restoration of Shivneri and Sinhagad forts, Khadse said, \"Since Shivneri came in the jurisdiction of the forest department, a proposal was submitted for its restoration and conservation. We sought government approval for the proposal in December 2002. Till date, about Rs 80 crore have been spent on the project.\"Last year, the forest department also prepared a comprehensive development plan to promote Shivneri and Sinhagad as tourist places.Kadam said, \"The plan included beautification of some locations at these forts, construction of pathways and repairs to the road to the hill top. The plan also proposed to restore temples, natural ponds and historical structures on the fort.\" The MTDC-managed resorts at the forts have also been repaired.If any conservation work needs to be carried out at these forts, we have to take permission from the ASI officials. It is a tedious and time-consuming process.The MoU will sort out these issues Ashok Khadse | regional manager, forest development corporation of maharashtra", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16999785", "title": "Ludhiana\u2019s crime graph as bad as any metro\u2019s", "text": "LUDHIANA: The city may not level any metropolitan in terms of services and infrastructure, but when looked at its crime chart, it sure will give any metro a tough fight. In the short period of past nine months, as many as 517 criminals who were part of 172 different gangs have been arrested and 46 pistols and Rs 1.5 crore recovered.City police commissioner Ishwar Singh divulged these figures on Sunday. He said Ludhiana police could crack 17 murder cases and arrested 299 proclaimed offenders in the last nine months.\"The crime in city has gone down compared to last year. We are filling the vacancies in the force as well for more efficient policing in the days to come,\" he said.The commissioner said they have been able to relieve the industry of the hovering threat of biker gang that used to rob industrial workers of their belongings frequently.He added they have been able to arrest carjackers in seven different cases.The city police will also get 200 women constables by the end of this month. The infrastructure at their disposal will be bettered with addition of 15 Tavera vehicles and 35 motor cycles soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16998553", "title": "No ease of access for disabled to post offices", "text": "NEW DELHI: Gulmohar Park's post office exists in the basement of DDA market, down a flight of stairs in a structure with no ramps or lift. That, however, hasn't deterred the south division of the India Post from declaring it \"barrier-free\" in its reply to an RTI enquiry filed by Dr Satyendra Singh, professor of physiology at University College of Medical Sciences and doctor at GTB Hospital.Singh, himself disabled, filed a query under RTI Act in July requesting information from the postal department on the levels of accessibility at Delhi post offices. The reply is worrying as many first-floor post offices have no lifts and many of those declared \"barrier-free\" have stairs leading to them.South division claims 65 of their 67 post offices (including Gulmohar Park's), are \"barrier-free\". The ones at Chittaranjan Park and Kailash Colony, it admits, are on the first floor \"without any facility of lift\". South division also claims that \"ramps have been constructed for free movement of wheelchairs\" and \"height of all the counters has been lowered for easy access\".West division, too, claims \"all the post offices of this division are easily accessible and barrier-free\". \"The two post offices in Rajouri Garden are both on the ground floor. The one in Janta Market has a very high pavement in front of it and the one in the main market is on a narrow and potholed bylane frequently flooded by sewage water and is slippery. A visually-impaired person can't reach that one,\" says Singh. The postal department didn't reply to his queries immediately but responded only after a first appeal was filed.Singh travels 10 kilometers to Vasundhara, Ghaziabad, to send a speed post as the post offices closer to home all are inaccessible. \"We only have impairments, it's the society which makes us disabled,\" he says.North division runs 81 post offices of which 14 are above ground-floor or occupy multiple-floors. As per the division's own admission, \"there is no provision of lifts in any post office building\". However, the division had written to the executive engineer, postal civil division, for providing assistance as per the Disability Act, in seven post offices (including Ashok Vihar, Civil Lines, Malka Ganj and Rohini Sector 7) first in January 2009 and again in July and September, 2010, \"but the needful has not been done yet\". Southwest division runs 60 post offices, mostly from rented buildings, and 46 of them don't have ramps for wheelchairs. None of the post offices in the southwest division are on the first floor.In central division, four post offices are operating from first-floors, \"without having the lift\" or any \"separate arrangement for the people with disability\". East division, too, states that \"no post office under this division is with the facility of lift\" and \"no facilities were provided\" for people with disability on POs above ground-floor. They say that barring seven post offices (at Krishna Nagar, Azad Nagar, Old Seemapuri, Mayur Vihar, Shahdaramandi, Gandhi Nagar Bazar and GTB Hospital), the rest of their 62 offices are \"accessible to all persons with disabilities\". Apparently, the stairs (without even handrails) at the PO in Jhilmil Industrial Area are not a barrier.In the first question, Singh had sought \"accessibility status\" and explained what he meant by adding parenthetically, \"whether accessible/barrier-free or not to persons with disabilities\". In reply to this query, the office of the director, General Post Office, informs, \"The GPO is centrally located and it is, therefore, accessible for all\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "16999504", "title": "4 arrested with narcotics, 10kg opium seized", "text": "PATIALA: Crime investigation agency in Nabha has arrested two Rajasthan-based opium smugglers and seized 10 kg of contraband, worth Rs 5 lakh from their possession. Police have registered an NDPS case and started investigations.CIA Nabha in charge Amanpal Singh had received a tip-off on Sunday morning that some narcotic smugglers from other states were trying to smuggle opium into Nabha city. Accordingly a police party led by him started patrolling and stopped two unidentified persons near Satsang Bhawan on Patiala road. The two, however, failed to give any satisfactory reply about their addresses. On searching, police seized 10 kg opium from them, who were identified as Ishwar Singh and Manohar Singh, both from Jhalawar district of Rajasthan.\"We have registered a case and have started investigations. We are also trying to trace the purchasers of seized opium,\" said Patiala SSP Gurprit Gill.Meanwhile, according to PTI reports, a man, who later claimed to be a police constable during interrogation, was arrested with his accomplice and 25g smack and a .38 bore revolver seized from them in Fatehgarh Sahib. Accused Jaswinder Singh and Kiranvir Singh were arrested near Hansali road. A case under various sections of narcotics Act has been registered against the accused and further investigation into the case is on, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16998701", "title": "Mega-project issue rocks gram sabha at Navelim", "text": "MARGAO: The issue of the controversial construction of a mega-project dominated the proceedings of the gram sabha of the Navelim village panchayat on Sunday.Gram sabha members were particularly irked at the instructions given by the directorate of panchayats to the Navelim panchayat to grant approval to the project \"by ignoring the objections raised by the gram sabha.\" Sources informed TOI that work on the project had been stalled for quite some time, as the panchayat delayed in granting its nod, thereby prompting the promoters of the project to approach the directorate of panchayats. The locals, it is learnt, have pointed out several irregularities in the project, including the absence of a proper sewerage system and garbage disposal facilities.Referring to a recent judgement of the Supreme Court which held that panchayats could challenge decisions of government authorities before the high court, the gram sabha questioned the wisdom of the directorate of panchayats issuing such instructions bypassing the local self-government bodies.Another issue that generated some heat at the gram sabha was the admission of local students into colleges situated in the village. Gram sabha members expressed their disapproval over the fact that many local students have to seek admission to colleges located in far-off cities after they fail to secure admission in the village-based colleges. Villagers demanded that certain number of seats should be reserved for local students seeking admission.Another issue discussed was that of roadside vendors selling local fruits and vegetables in the village. Gram sabha members expressed concern over traffic congestion occurring along the stretch of NH-17 passing through the village, on account of the vendors, and demanded that an alternative place is earmarked by the panchayat for them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17003862", "title": "SC refuses to hear pleas against Sachin Tendulkar's nomination to Rajya Sabha", "text": "NEW DELHI: A plea for transfer of two petitions pending in different high courts to the apex court against nomination of cricketer Sachin Tendulkar to the Rajya Sabha was dismissed on Monday by the Supreme Court.A bench headed by Chief Justice Altamas Kabir said, \"This is not a fit case to be entertained.\"The bench also comprising justices S S Nijjar and J Chelameswar expressed its displeasure that the matter has been brought to the apex court.\"We are dismissing it,\" the bench said. The apex court's order came on the plea of former Delhi MLA Ram Gopal Singh Sisodia for transfer of the two petitions pending in the Delhi and the Allahabad high courts against nomination of Tendulkar to the Rajya Sabha.Sisodia had moved the apex court saying there is likelihood of conflicting judgements from the two high courts.Sisodia had earlier challenged Sachin's nomination before the Delhi high court on the ground that the cricketer does not have any of the qualifications prescribed under the Constitution for being nominated to the Rajya Sabha.He had contended that Constitution allowed the government to nominate people to the Rajya Sabha only from four categories - arts, science, social science and literature. The selection of a sports person was unconstitutional, he had said.While refusing to restrain Sachin Tendulkar from taking oath as Rajya Sabha member, a division bench of the Delhi high court on May 16 had asked additional solicitor General A S Chandhiok to get instructions from the government as to whether the sports category was covered under the Constitution for nominating a sports person to the Rajya SabhaEarlier on May 14, the Supreme Court had refused to quash 39-year-old batting maestro's nomination to the Upper House and had asked Sisodia to rather approach the high court with his plea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16999772", "title": "NGO wins cleanliness cup", "text": "LUDHIANA: Promising to keep the PAU hockey stadium clean during a seven-day tournament that concluded on Saturday, a city-based NGO 'Lets Clean Ludhiana Foundation', not only set a positive precedent for the organizers, but also inspired them to take up the responsibility themselves during the next edition of the tournament.\"We achieved what we set out for in the tournament. We kept the stadium clean during the tournament and vacated it in its original state. It is a success for us that we were able to inspire the organizers, said the NGO president Gulshan Arora, adding they seek to inspire organizers of various events across the city.What came as a good response was the cooperation of the spectators in keeping the stadium clean, said NGO secretary Deepinder Singh Chahal. \"Though it took them a couple of days to act, the spectators started making a point to use the dustbins placed all over the stadium and stopped littering,\" he added.The NGO had hired three men to keep the stadium clean of all the littering during the tournament, and on Sunday, a day after the tournament, it ensured the stadium was swept clean before it was handed over to the district sports department. Their efforts got the NGO appreciation from district sports officer Kartar Singh as well, who said, \"We welcome this endeavour by the NGO and this precedence should be followed by other organizers as well. A playing field is a sacred place for athletes.\"According to Chahal, the total cost for managing the cleanliness project for the seven days was not more than Rs 15,000. This cost is a small percentage of the total expenditure such a tournament, which had a prize money of Rs 8 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "16999663", "title": "Guru Nanak Dev University bars 73 for cheating in exams", "text": "JALANDHAR: In what reflects poorly on the standard of education in SGPC-run Sant Salip Singh Memorial College, Domeli, the Guru Nanak Dev University has barred 73 out of 75 students of BA first year from the college, who appeared in the April 2012 examination, from sitting in any exam for two years, due to mass copying. The college principal and five lecturers have also been barred from any special duty or honorarium given by the university.The decision has been taken by the university after granting a chance to students to challenge the case of mass copying and then a special examination was held for them, in which all the 73 cut a sorry figure, sources said.Mass copying was detected in English General paper at the college centre, where 75 students had appeared in the examination. It is learned that during paper checking, an examiner found 25 papers with similar text and same mistakes.When the issue reached university authorities, the answer sheets of these students were checked and a pattern found in 73. University sources revealed that an unfair means case (UMC) was then made out and students given a chance to appear before a standing committee of the university.The committee then heard the students and then asked them to attempt a question given to them there and then. All the 73 students did badly in that too.The university then confirmed it to be a case of mass copying and barred the students from sitting in any exam for two years. College principal Dr Kirpal Kaur and five lecturers have been barred for five years from doing any duty for which university pays honorarium through a letter issued by assistant registrar. The university has also issued directions that the college would not be made an examination centre for one year.Sources said t was a rare case in which such a big number of students have been barred from sitting in exam for two years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16999645", "title": "Citizens line up plans for auto-taxi boycott day", "text": "MUMBAI: Several citizens have started making plans on how they will commute on October 31, when they boycott autos and taxis for a day. Many have decided to walk to the nearest station, take a bus or go in for car-pooling.Rajesh Gade, chief organizer of \"No Auto-Taxi Day\", said, \"We appeal to all commuters to support us in the cause. We are protesting the hikes in the auto and taxi fares and are demanding that the government should withdraw it.\" The Mumbai Grahak Panchayat is supported the protest. A meeting of various NGOs and activists was held by an outfit, Acharya Atre Katta, on Saturday to chalk out the boycott plan. Several handbills and posters have been printed to create awareness, Gade said, adding that he has written to the BEST, requesting for more bus services on that day.However, it remains to be seen whether the drive receives support as similar protests have fizzled out in the past.MGP's Varsha Raut said, \"We are happy that the NGO has taken up the cause.The MGP has received several complaints from passengers who have been fleeced by auto drivers after the hikes. Besides, commuters have complained of steep rise in public transport fares and it is becoming unaffordable for many to travel by autos.\" She said that commuters can also contact the MGP and lodge complaints against errant drivers on mgpanchayat@yahoo.com. The MGP will act as a facilitator and will forward the complaints to the transport department. Sources said that a list of some of the complaints may also be forwarded to the high court.The next hearing in the PIL filed by MGP is also on October 31. During the hearing, the state is likely to file an affidavit. During the last hearing, the court had prodded the state government to consider setting up a new committee to review the present hikes and devise a new formula for future fare hikes.The court had also directed the transport department to ensure that tariff cards are prominently displayed by drivers inside the vehicles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16999449", "title": "House tax: Survey finds 1L units in Chandigarh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After an exercise that lasted many months, the Chandigarh municipal corporation has finally compiled data relating to the number of houses in the city, and which ones would be liable to either pay house tax or service charges. The records, along with tax pattern adopted by Haryana recently, would be placed before MC house tax committee scheduled to meet in November first week.Civic body records state that there are 1.38 lakh units or houses in the city. The figure includes independent houses under all categories, houses of Chandigarh Housing Board, flats of private societies, government houses, houses of central government, residential accommodations of Panjab University, Punjab Engineering College and PGI, among others. Of these, around 1 lakh are independent houses or independent flats, and thus come under the ambit of house tax. The remaining 38,000 (approximately) are government houses, that would be liable to pay service charges.A senior MC official said, \"We have compiled details and will place them before the committee, along with the pattern adopted by Haryana and some other states. After that, it will MC's decision. Tax imposition is very necessary for the city but both ruling and opposition parties will have to show courage in this regard.\" Chairman of MC house tax committee Sat Parkash Aggarwal said, \"The committee is going to meet in November first week to hold detailed discussions in the matter.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17001257", "title": "Hurricane Sandy expected to stun US and be a climate change reminder", "text": "WASHINGTON: The United States, at least the eastern seaboard of the country, is under attack. Not from Iran, Cuba, North Korea, Venezuela or any of the usual suspects. The offender who dares to assault the world's only superpower is a hurricane, innocuously named Sandy.Sandy though is an overgrown progenitor of Mother Nature, who no one messes with; not even a superpower. As if to remind US Presidential candidates that it is not a good idea to put global warming -- or human aggravated climate change -- on the backburner (as both President Obama and his Republican challenger Mitt Romney have done in this election campaign), Mother Nature appears to have let loose Sandy to deliver a kick in the American gut. The country is bracing itself for it on Monday and Tuesday.Although it is only a category one hurricane just now, Sandy is being described as the largest storm ever to head to the US. A freak occurence that involves Sandy meeting two winter fronts coming in from the north is expected to bring about a massive churn, the kind never seen before. It has therefore has been dubbed a Frankenstorm. Its footprint is almost half the size of India's landmass, and its cover area when it hits the landmass is so vast, stretching from the Carolinas all the way up the Atlantic seaboard to Connecticut and Massachusetts, and deep into Ohio in the west, that no one is even worrying about where the epicenter will cross over. It's a minor detail.As of Sunday midnight, the storm is still offshore but the scale of preparations is comparable to one for an alien invasion or a nuclear attack. New York City and Washington DC , the country's and the world's financial and power center, have shut down. Transit system (subways, metros, buses) will not ply, schools and colleges are closed, and even the government and local bodies will work with only emergency crews, thousands of whom have been readied for repairing widespread power outages that are expected to occur in the next 48 hours.Right now there is an eerie quiet punctuated by the steady patter of rain in Washington DC, where your correspondent is getting this story out before the expected power breakdown. Huge amounts of rain accompanied by heavy winds gusting up to 60-70 kmph have been forecast bringing down trees on power lines. People have been advised to stock up on water, food, candles and other essentials.Poll pundits are wondering what effect a seriously disruptive storm could have on the elections for which voting is next Tuesday (November 6). But the more serious long-term concern is how quickly the issue of climate change has fallen off the political radar. \"According to a survey in this week's Time magazine, 85% of Americans think global warming is happening. The other 15% work for the White House ,\" the comedian Jay Leno once joked, illustrating the casual approach of the political class - particularly Republicans, to the issue, once they reach the corridors of power. Democrats appear to have joined the hands-off bandwagon.No one, including the gagsters, may be laughing very much later this week after Sandy storms across Eastern United States.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "16998205", "title": "Rally against para teacher policy", "text": "Berhampur: The Joint Co-ordination Committee, an amalgamation of several local organizations, took out a rally on Sunday in Phulbani against recruitment of para teachers from outside the districts.The committee, led by Kui tribal leader Lambodar Kanhar, is demanding recruitment of youth from the districts for classes III and IV. \"We have been demanding this since 1995, but the government has ignored our demand. We will not allow outsiders to get appointment as siksha sahayaks (para teachers) in the districts,\" said leaders addressing the rally. tnn''It's not the demand of a section of people in the district, but voice of the entire Kandhamal,\" said Artatrana Kanhar, convener of the committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17005020", "title": "iPhone 5 price war starts, iPad mini 'debuts'", "text": "Apple iPhone 5 is yet to be launched in India and retailers have started taking pre-orders , but at least one seller has tried to one-up the competition by slashing the prices.TOI had reported on Friday that the change in Apple's retail strategy could result in differential pricing and a possible price war in iPhone 5 prices in the weeks to come.The 16GB version of iPhone 5 will be available for Rs 45,500 in India , according to Apple master distributors Redington and Ingram Micro and companies like Airtel, Infibeam and Saholic are taking advance bookings at the same price.However, a listing at online retailer Tradus shows that a seller is offering the device at a price of Rs 44,900, a discount of Rs 600. This listing is in the name of HS Distributors, a Jaipur-based firm, which is offering delivery for the device within eight to 10 days.Though the difference is not much, it signals that resellers are already getting aggressive about Apple products as well. Apple iPhones and iPads usually sell at a premium in India and the country has a very small, niche market for the company's products due to high pricing. The year-old iPhone 4S still costs more than Samsung and HTC's flagship smartphones in India.The price war can be attributed to Apple's change in retail strategy. The company has shifted away from its carrier partners to master distributors for iPhone 5. It has appointed Ingram Micro and Redington as the two master distributors for the smartphone. They will supply the device to small and large retailers respectively.With retailers across the country now having access to iPhones, it is likely that they will undercut the prices in order to boost volumes, exactly what HS Distributors has done. By sacrificing their margins in order to gain volumes, such retailers will push down the selling price of the device and make it slightly more accessible to the buyers.However, until a well-known volume retailer does not start such a price war, it will have no bearing on overall sales and Apple's market share in the country.Meanwhile, Apple iPad mini, which was unveiled globally just last week, has also made its debut in India, albeit unofficially! Though Apple India's distributors are yet to launch iPad Mini in India, online retailer eBay India has said that the Wi-Fi-only 16GB variant of Apple's mini-tablet is now up for sale on its website, in white as well as black colours.The company has said \"iPad Mini, which is being marketed as a great e-reader and a product for first-time tablet shoppers, can be bought at unbeatable prices.\"FirangiBhai, another online retailer, is also taking pre-orders for the device. The website is selling the 16, 32 and 64GB Wi-Fi-only versions of iPad mini in India at Rs 26,900, Rs 34,290 and Rs 41,790, respectively. The site claims that the device will be delivered within a week of the product's official launch in the USA.As reported by TOI three days ago , the iPhone 5, Apple's latest smartphone, will be officially launched in the country on November 2, 2012. The 16, 32 and 64GB variants of the device are officially priced at Rs 45,500, Rs 52,500 and Rs 59,500, respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16997108", "title": "Yeddyurappa rebuffs patch-up efforts, firm on quitting", "text": "BANGALORE: Former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa on Sunday spurned any patch-up attempt with the BJP, terming it \"a drama\" to fool the people of Karnataka.At a meeting in Tumkur, about 70km from here, the renegade leader ruled out attending the October 30 patch-up meeting in Delhi and said he was firm on launching his Karnataka Janata Party in Haveri on December 10. He denied that his followers were attempting a formula to retain him in the party.Ministers loyal to Yeddyurappa and chief minister Jagadish Shettar, aided by deputies K S Eshwarappa and R Ashoka, are making desperate attempts to stop the Lingayat strongman from quitting the party. The BJP can ill-afford an electoral fight without the Lingayat mascot playing a key role.Shettar and Eshwarappa are leaving for Delhi on Monday evening for a meeting with BJP president Nitin Gadkari and other senior party leaders. Yeddyurappa's loyalists Basavaraj Bommai, Umesh V Katti and C M Udasi, who will be in New Delhi on official assignments, are expected to attend the meeting.The trigger for this last-minute plan was the insipid response that Yeddyurappa's recent meetings in Chamarajanagar, Shimoga and Gulbarga elicited. According to sources, Bommai and Katti reportedly approached Eshwarappa on Thursday to make efforts to retain the former CM. Later, Shettar and Ashoka jumped into the fray.Claiming the support of 70 MLAs, Yeddyurappa said in Tumkur: \"I don't send my followers for any patch-up. It's not my business to persuade my followers to support me. It's left to them. In the coming days, people of Karnataka will know who all will be with me.\"A senior party leader said the central leadership may agree to offer Yeddyurappa the election campaign committee chairman's post. Three prominent Lingayat pontiffs have reportedly expressed dissatisfaction with Yeddyurappa's decision to quit the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16997499", "title": "Dengue claims 1st life in Bhopal division", "text": "BHOPAL: Dengue claimed the first life in Bhopal division with the death of a six-year-old boy early on Sunday morning. The Betul boy, Tarun Sahu, was being treated by a local physician before he was admitted to a private hospital in Bhopal. The boy died of dengue hemorrhagic fever.The deceased was admitted to the city hospital after his blood reports tested positive for dengue. His father Raj Kumar said he had admitted the child to the hospital without any delay. Tarun had high fever ever since he was being treated in Bhopal. \"The local doctor in Betul told us to immediately admit him after his reports tested positive,\" Kumar said.Doctors said that the child had excessive internal bleeding after his platelet counts dropped to below 20,000.District malaria officer (DMO) Dr Padmakar Tripathi said, \"Looking at the current situation, laboratories will be open every Sunday and other holidays till the end of December.\"The incidents of dengue ailments are higher this year in comparison with last year. According to health department statistics, 14 people have tested positive for dengue this year as compared to 11 positive dengue cases in 2011 in Bhopal division. The figure was 79 in 2010 and 332 in 2009.Female aedes, which is the dengue-causing mosquito, needs a steady supply of fresh water. Dengue cases usually see a rise during the months of August, September and October every year due to intermittent rains. \"Once the temperature dips below 16 degrees Celsius, it becomes difficult for dengue-causing mosquito to survive,\" said Dr Tripathi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16999429", "title": "Days begin, end on hazy note, signal fog ahead", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Western disturbances in Himalayas are giving way to hazy weather conditions in the city during late evenings and early mornings. Chandigarh meteorological department suggests the intensity of the haze will vary over the next week depending upon the weather conditions in Himalayas.The haze is expected to get intense after the first half of November which may lead to foggy conditions.\"Though there won't be any visibility issues in the days to come, but the intensity of haze will vary in the first half of November,\" said Surender Paul, director, Chandigarh meteorological centre.The hazy weather conditions occur when moisture level in the air is high. \"On October 23, heavy rain in the city led to haze, as the moisture level was up. On other days when it rains in hills, the moisture level goes up again leading to haze,\" said an official from the department.The Met department predicts that unlike last year when the city missed the fog and experienced a dry winter, there are chances of fog this year. \"Fog is a natural phenomenon in the city in January and February, but its intensity depends on weather conditions. If it rains a lot during winter, the fog will be intense as well,\" said Paul.The city temperature continues to witness variations due to western disturbances. While the night temperature has been varying between 12 to 13 degrees celsius, the day temperature continues to be around 29 and 30 degrees celsius. The temperature is expected to go up a few notches on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16997802", "title": "Global Foundation to woo state non-residents on cards", "text": "INDORE: After attracting the investors from across the globe, Madhya Pradesh government is now planning to organize non-residents of Madhya Pradesh settled in India or abroad under 'Global Foundation,' an initiative to form group of people hailing from state. Government is also planning to organize a special meet for such people.\"We have come up with the concept of 'Global Foundation,' under which people from Madhya Pradesh settled in other states of India and abroad will come together to make their contribution to the development of the state,\" said industry minister Kailash Vijayvargia here on Sunday.He said that Global Foundation will have offices in 20 countries with its head office in Mumbai.In addition to this, government is also starting a website and page on social networking site were people can come and join the group for a common cause.\"Government will also explore opportunities of investment from this special group. People who are from the state have special attachment to their native place, and now government will provide them an opportunity to be a part of its development,\" said Vijayvargia adding that the website and web page would be launched soon.It is to be noted that states like Gujarat and Punjab have successfully roped in non residents from their respective states for investment and other development projects. Now Madhya Pradesh also wants to emulate it.Scindia gets a job at last: VijayvargiyaTaking a pot shot at Union minister Jyotiradia Scindia, industry minister of Madhya Pradesh Kailash Vijayvargia said that finally Scindia got a job.\"I congratulate him for getting work. I hope now he can use his energy in energy department for the welfare of people,\" said Vijayvargiya adding that they don't expect much from him for the state. It is to be noted that Jyotiradia Scindia defeated Vijayvargiya twice in the MPCA elections.Sushma, Advani in GISLeader of opposition in parliament Sushma Swaraj will be in city on Monday to participate in the second day of Global Investor Summit (GIS). She will address the leading industrialists of the country, who will be present during the summit. Former deputy prime minister L K Advani will participate on the last day of GIS. He will be present during the valedictory ceremony to be held on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17002282", "title": "MC Mary Kom to shoot in Kolkata", "text": "That's what you call packing a punch. Riingo, who has been keeping a low profile for some time now, is back with a bang. The filmmaker is all geared up to shoot a commercial and featuring in it is none other than Olympics bronze winner MC Mary Kom! Confirming the news, Riingo said, \"Yes, for the first time MC Mary Kom will be shooting an ad film in Kolkata. She will be in town on November 16 and the shoot will happen the following day. The commercial is that of a tea brand for which Mary Kom is the brand ambassador.\" Giving an insight into the commercial, Riingo added, \"The ad will portray her as a mother, a wife, a world boxing champion and above all, an Indian.The punchline goes \u2014 stronger the tea, stronger the person. The ad will have an international look and feel to it. The commercial is meant to celebrate Mary Kom as a person. It shows that there is a rebel in each of us and with a little bit of exploring, one can strive to become a champion. The script of the commercial is based on rebel poet Md Iqbal's philosophy of life.\" Riingo, who is busy with the post production of his November release, Na Hanyate , is already planning his next \u2014 a thriller. \"The film is based on a real-life incident and shows what happens when an Indian couple gets murdered on their honeymoon in South Africa. The cast includes Roopa Ganguly, Debshankar Haldar and Sayoni,\" informed the director.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16999834", "title": "A \u2018royal\u2019 wedding note", "text": "The city understands how important it is to send an outstanding invitation to guests, though they would rarely miss a chance to be present at the grand affair that a Punjabi wedding is. As another season of nuptial ties approaches, the new bride-groom are turning smarter with their wedding invitations, crafting them innovatively, in order to send a teaser to the larger picture of their D-day.The designer and scented paper cards are a passe. The new trend involves sending a complete set of assorted goods in an invitation box. Beautifully crafted with the bride-grooms name engraved on it, the box provides a more personal approach to the guest as they curiously go through the assorted stuff packed inside.\"Ludhianvis are known for their fancy weddings and these days, every one tries to set a trend that impresses others so much that they follow. The wooden invitation boxes with engraved designs and fabric scrolls come expensive, but they draw the attention and are a hit,\" says Rohini Kapoor, a designer of wedding invitations from Tagore Nagar.Talking of the designs she creates, Rohini adds, \"My clients generally fall for something creative and glitzy. Ludhianvis like glitter throughout the wedding ceremony. Velvet has been one feature that is attracting many these days.\"The boxes are stuffed with assorted dry fruits, Swiss chocolates, confectioneries and other gifts apart from the invitation and they cost anywhere between Rs 200 and Rs 2,000.For over 27 years, Neeraj Verma has taken care of his family business of creating wedding invites and has garnered an expert's understanding of how Ludhianvis like to announce their weddings to the world.\"The weddings are theme based these days, so the clients need an invitation that describes their theme well. We have witnessed the change in trend. From the handcrafted and printed cards, the elite in the city have moved to the UV printed, fabric-printed invites and carved wooden boxes,\" says Verma.The once-in-a-lifetime affair that wedding are makes the need for exclusivity even more prominent among the flamboyant clientele of these designers.Businessman Kiratpal Singh, who resides at Pakhowal Road, says, \"It is time for my youngest brother's marriage and the next marriage in family is no where close. So, we are trying our best to make this one memorable and special in all ways The invites are being sent in a wooden box with the couples' name carved in golden letters.\" Haibowal resident and a businessman Aniket Chawla is sharing his love story as he invites guest for its successful culmination into marriage. \"My wedding card cum box includes a 10-page invite detailing the entire wedding itinerary and also a leaflet on our love story,\" he says. Shilpa Mahajan, 27, a Dugri resident, was surprised with the choices at hand when she went to select a wedding invitation design with her friend in Fountain Chowk. \"The designers have much better and versatile work to offer these days. The invitation 'card' has now even transformed into a box, a carry bag or a basket.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16999856", "title": "Smuggler attacked in 14cr extortion bid", "text": "MUMBAI: To extort Rs 14 crore, a little-known gangster's henchman attacked red sanders smuggling kingpin Ajit Satam in a government hospital in Nashik two weeks ago.A Directorate of Revenue Intelligence estimate shows that Satam is worth Rs 500 crore. In April, he was detained for a year under the anti-smuggling law, and sent to Nashik prison but officials said he spent most of his detention period in hospital on grounds of ill-health.It was in the hospital that a member of Kumar Pillai's gang demanded Rs 14 crore from Satam and when he effused, attacked him on the head and chin, injuring him severely, said the police. The attacker has been serving a sentence in a robbery case. But Satam neither lodged a complaint nor paid the amount, a source said. Kumar Pillai, believed to be holed up in Singapore, used to be an aide of fugitive gangster Chhota Rajan. Subsequently, he split and formed his own gang, which is mostly involved in extorting money from builders. in the eastern suburbs.A few days after the attack, Satam again received a call on his mobile when the caller reiterated the demand for money and threatened that such attacks would continue if he refused to pay, said the police. It was not clear how Satam had access to a mobile. though there have been several instances where gangsters had made calls from jails.Who is Ajit Satam:A Class-XII dropout, Ajit Satam was arrested by the DRI in September last year while he was attempting to smuggle 200 tonne red sanders, valued at Rs 50 crore, from Nhava Sheva. Besides owning six high end cars-a Ferrari , two Bentleys, a BMW and two Mercedes-he had Rs 13.5 crore in his bank accounts; since his arrest, the DRI has seized all of them. Officials said he also invested in construction projects.Though Satam received bail, the DRI approached the state government, asking for his detention under Conservation of Foreign Exchange and Prevention of Smuggling Activities Act. A panel, comprising officials from various government departments, ordered his detention for a year in March this year. Satam went into hiding but the DRI picked him up in April and sent him to Nashik jail. After his petition against the detention was dismissed by the Bombay high court, Satam took his appeal to the Supreme Court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17005026", "title": "Art and culture can bring about unity: Tarun Gogoi", "text": "GUWAHATI: Art, culture and exchange of ideas can play a leading role in bringing about unity and peace among people of different communities, Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi has said.Gogoi, at a peace concert here last evening, also said that art and culture of various communities in northeast India had a unique place in the country's milieu.\"The entire world is currently faced with issues like terrorism and divisiveness. Spread of art and culture and its exchange can play a role in bringing peace and unity in our society,\" he said.Speaking at the concert, Gogoi said India had a number of role models like Gautam Buddha, Srimanta Sarkardeva, Swami Vivekananda and Mahatma Gandhi , whose ideas had helped in building our society.Sarod maestro Amjad Ali Khan and his sons, Amaan and Ayaan, performed during the concert, which was organised by the North East Zone Cultural Centre and the Assam Cultural Affairs department.Khan, whose wife hails from Assam, said he and his sons have been inspired by all religions of the world.Speaking on the occasion, Assam governor J B Patnaik said Khan deserved the prestigious Bharat Ratna.\"With his dedication for music and arts, the son-in-law of Assam (Khan) has achieved fame across the world,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17002672", "title": "Bangalore divas had a ball at Brigade Gateway", "text": "The divas of Bangalore made their way to this star hotel on Saturday night to get their share of weekend masti.The ladies \u2014 and some guys too \u2014 were at the Sheraton Bangalore at Brigade Gateway, where music men Sharath and Vroon were spinning some of the hottest tracks on the charts. Some of the gals got into the spirit of the evening and put on the special headgear that was being handed out.We spotted Kamakshi, Garima and Siddharth, among others, having a whale of a time at this bash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17003212", "title": "Yellow and pink - the new festive combo", "text": "Yellow and pink seem to be the popular colours of this festive season.Another festival come and gone and this year, Navratri was reveled by garba enthusiasts like never before. The foot-tapping music and garba beats, swaying to the folk songs for hours, and ending the day with scrumptious food, these late nights left a host of memories for people who now keenly await the next festival. But also attention catching was the change in fashion this season. While the heavy chaniya cholis were seen less, simple ghaghras and plain dupattas was what caught our eyes particularly.Simple printed chaniyas, a nice backless blouse and a contrasting dupatta; these were some of the essentials required for this Navratri. Teamed with delicate accessories, the fashion mantra was certainly - keep it simple, yet keep it stylish. Also what was seen was that the colours yellow combined with pink worked wonders for all girls. Simple, embroidered or with floral prints, these colours were seen adorning a lot of girls and were truly the colours of the season.So for girls who are getting ready for Diwali and stocking up their wardrobes with the latest collections, remember to keep it simple and add more yellows and pinks to your attire.ano.patel@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "16998678", "title": "Keri debates need for new crematorium", "text": "KERI: The absence of a public crematorium in the area of village panchayat Keri become the issue of discussion and deliberation for the villagers of the the gram sabha on Sunday at the public hall of Muslimwada, Keri, in Sattari.Villagers, who assembled in large numbers for the meeting, demanded that the special fund given by the government of Goa should be utilised only for a public utility cause rather than building a hall. When Rajaram Mhalkar, former member of the village panchayat inquired about the special fund, sarpanch Jivabarao Rane told him that a portion of the fund would be utilized for the construction of a hall at Ravan. Villagers, though, insisted that the fund, of 10.5 lakh, should be used for a public crematorium.Sameer Govekar, a panch member of the Ghoteli area, said that he would donate some areas for the construction of a public crematorium if other villagers come forward to donate their land for this public utility.Most villages in Sattari don't have their own public crematorium, and this has led villagers to perform funeral rites next to human settlement. Recently, Shripad Naik, member of parliament for North Goa, made an announcement that he would take up the work on a public crematorium on a priority basis in Sattari.The Muslim community of Keri has its kabrastan, and the irrigation department has built a small public crematorium only for a few rehabilated families of Kelawade at Ravan. For the rest of the village, there is no provision for public cremation.A villager, Vishnu Parwadkar, had proposed a resolution for undertaking the work of a public crematorium in Keri at a meeting in August, which was seconded by the other villagers. The issue was again highlighted in the gram sabha of Sunday. The secretary of the panchayat, Samir Parrikar, read the minutes of the last meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17003867", "title": "State funding in elections, Gehlot demands", "text": "JAIPUR: To deal with the widespread corruption in the country the chief minister of Rajasthan Ashok Gehlot has demanded for state funding in the elections. Addressing the media persons on the occasion of the foundation day of Pink City Press Club on Monday, Gehlot stressed on joint efforts of all public representatives to deal with corruption.\"The turmoil and anguish that exists today in the country were present 35 year ago and as a result JP movement was emerged. But even that could not address the issue of corruption. The former vice-president of India and three times chief minister of the state, Bharion Singh Shekhawat too raised this issue but the problem remained in tact\" said Gehlot.To deal with the issue of corruption he stressed on the combined efforts from all sectors and focusing on the core issues of the corruption \"Until each citizen of this country makes his/her sincere efforts in dealing with the issue of corruption and it will remain unaddressed\" added Gehlot.Taking swipe on Arvind Kejriwal and India against corruption , Gehlot said that they are talking about the core issue of corruption instead going after politicians just to launch their political career. He also questioned the intention Anna Hazare and Kejriwal and stated that who is behind their movement is a matter to look upon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16997348", "title": "Kapu edge to Manmohan reshuffle", "text": "HYDERABAD: The representation of six new faces- five new ministers and one up-gradation to the Cabinet rank - to Andhra Pradesh in Sunday's reshuffle is designed to stem the rot in the collapsing Congress, but there are serious apprehensions whether this initiative will be enough to stem the rot. \"We will have to wait and watch but prime facie the fortunes of the Congress in AP has taken such a dip in the last one year that it is doubtful whether induction of more ministers will halt the downslide, a Congress leader said. The contention of this leader and other analysts is that the mainstay of the Congress party- the Reddys- have already moved to Jagan's YSR Congress and the induction of more ministers will not result in getting them back to the Congress fold.In the absence of Reddys, the Congress party has to depend more on Kapu votes to keep it in power. On the face of it, the Kapus have been assiduously wooed and rewarded in the latest reshuffle. Superstar Chiranjeevi, who was last year persuaded to merge his Praja Rajyam party into Congress has been given independent charge of the tourism ministry as minister of state, and MM Pallam Raju has been elevated as cabinet minister and appointed as the boss of the huge HRD ministry. \"But this is where the problem is,\" says a political analyst. \"Chiranjeevi who single handedly garnered 18% of the votes - not insignificant in the Indian political context- has been made a mere minister of state while another Kapu -Pallam Raju with no pull on Kapu votes has been made a full cabinet minister,\" the analyst adds. Although Pallam Raju's administrative acumen cannot be underestimated, it is unlikely that Chiranjeevi is going to be amused. For the time being, however, the superstar is going to keep quiet because - in what is a manifestation of poor bargaining skills - he had sought nothing more than an independent minister of state.Kapus finally arrive on political sceneFor the record however Chiranjeevi's friends are saying that it is a happy augury that the Kapus as a group have been given a leg-up by the party high command. \"So what if the Reddys leave the Congress. The Congress party is not their monopoly. We have been traditionally kept down in the Congress by the Reddys and been their junior partner. Now, we will make this as our own party,\" an associate of Chiranjeevi said. A disparate group, the Kapus form upwards of the 20% of the vote bank of AP as against the 8% approximately of the Reddys. But because of their social and economic dominance, the Reddys have control over a higher percentage of votes.The Kapus as a group have now 'economically arrived' and are looking for political empowerment. Chiranjeevi's Praja Rajyam formed in 2008 was the first manifestation by Kapus for political empowerment.To counter Jagan, Manmohan Singh has also inducted Kotla Suryaprakash Reddy as minister of state for railways. Suryaprakash, the son of former chief minister and Union cabinet minister Vijaybhaskar Reddy is deadly opposed to Jagan as much as his father was to YSR.Analysts also point out that the Andhra-Rayalaseema (Seemandhra) region of AP has a total of seven ministers. This area is the stronghold of Jagan Reddy and the Congress calculation is that such a large contingent is bound to have some impact electorally in the future.In the process, however, the contentious Telangana region has got a raw deal and even the lone cabinet minister from the region Jaipal Reddy jettisoned to an inconsequential position. Whereas his transfer is seen as the handiwork of an industrial group, the boondocks posting is seen as punishment for inciting Telangana Congress leaders to root for a separate state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16997450", "title": "Manager flees with cash, two-wheeler", "text": "NAGPUR: Wadi police have booked a 28-year-old man for allegedly fleeing with cash and a two-wheeler belonging to his employer. Harish Neware, working as a manager at a tyre shop near octroi check post, had left office with Rs79,100 cash and a scooter on September 16 last month but did not return. Police lodged the complaint after a month after sorting out a jurisdictional dispute.Neware had been entrusted with the responsibility of ferrying cash as his duty included the work of collection payments and depositing it in the bank. He would also use the official two-wheeler. Police said that he was sent with official cash for work but did not return. Neware had switched off his cellphone and was not traceable at his place too.The shop management initially approached MIDC police station but no offence was registered for a month. It was after much delay that Wadi police registered the case and launched a manhunt for Neware. Sources said that Neware was in touch with several women. Police are trying to track down Neware now on the basis of his cellphone details.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16999576", "title": "Young Anglo-Indians discuss 'peers, fears and career'", "text": "PATNA: With dreams in their eyes and hopes for a better future, young Anglo-Indians discussed their education, career, likes and dislikes at the joint annual general meeting (AGM) of The All India Anglo-Indian Association (TAIAIA) and The All India Anglo-Indian Educational Institution (TAIAIEI) held in the state capital on Sunday.About 66 youths representing the community from different states talked their hearts out in what was called a discussion on \"Peers, fears, career and cheers\". They want to become teachers, chefs, lawyers, journalists, musicians, chartered accountants , sportspersons, IAS officers or hold their own in the corporate world with their MBA degrees.While most of the youngsters agreed that peers do influence them in some way or the other, they don't just want to \"go along to get along\". A young lady remarked, \"In a way, we too influence our friends. They like our dressing and talking style. We help them out in their English while they help us improve our Hindi.\"The college students, during panel discussion, agreed that it was difficult, but not impossible, to say no to friends. Erika D'Cruz, a guest student, said, \"It is all about standing and being different in a crowd.\"The youngsters also voiced concern over serious issues facing their community and discussed how to reach out to many Anglo-Indians who were still not in the mainstream.When asked if the youths had anything to convey to their elders, they urged the senior members of the association to give them a platform to speak their minds and do their bit for the community. Some of them also requested their parents to ease out the pressure regarding studies. Ralph Mawer of the Patna branch said not many youngsters were aware about the scholarships and awards available for them. Hence, they were not able to make use of it.Neil O'Brien, former member of Parliament and president-in-chief of TAIAIA, expressed happiness over the young community members taking up professional courses and said the TAIAIA wanted to do its bit by providing them with scholarships. He advised youngsters to take up a profession only if they liked it and also if it was in accordance with their abilities.Neil O'Brien, who was visiting Patna after almost eight years, said the city has undergone a sea change and it has been for good.Barry O'Brien said this year AGM had the highest youth turnout. Alfred George deRozario, director, Don Bosco Academy, was elected the governing body member representing Bihar and Odisha. Glen Galstaun, Jharkhand MLA, was elected the governing body member representing Jharkhand. April-June edition of TAIAIA's quarterly magazine 'The Review' was also distributed among the delegates.A mass was offered by Archbishop William D'Souza at Don Bosco Academy earlier in the day for special blessing on the delegates while the evening saw the members enjoy themselves to music and dance in a cultural function. The three-day meet was organized by Patna and Danapur branch, supported by Don Bosco Academy, St Dominic Savio's High School and St Karen's High School.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17002214", "title": "Mahesh Babu\u2019s film progressing in Goa", "text": "Prince Mahesh Babu's new film, under the direction of Sukumar is currently progressing in Goa. The unit is filming scenes and a song on Mahesh Babu and other support cast, and shall warp up the schedule by November 1. The untitled film has Mumbai model and tall damsel Kriti Sanon playing the female lead. Sukumar has already completed 50% of the shooting and the unit would resume another schedule shortly.Anil Sunkara, Gopi and Ram Achanta are producing the film under 14 Reels Entertainments banner. Devi Sri Prasad is rendering the music for this film, which is slated for release next year. The makers are currently mulling over an appropriate title for the film and are expected to come out with an announcement shortly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16999404", "title": "Survey shows Kerala's wildlife is safe and thriving, says survey", "text": "KOCHI: A wildlife survey carried out in the state in 2011, after a gap of nine years, has come out with some reassuring findings. Kerala's wildlife population has largely stabilised while certain animal populations are even showing signs of growth.The 2011 census data submitted to the Forest Department by the Kerala Forest Research Institute (KFRI), Peechi, estimates the elephant population of the state to be 7,490 while it was 6,939 in 2002. It also reveals that tuskers account for 30% of the total elephant population in the state, and that there are 2.1 females (cows) for every male (bull) elephant in Kerala while there is 1.5 sub-adult female for every single sub-adult male elephant. Density of elephants shows a marginal decline from 2.64 per square kilometre in 2002 to 2.18 square kilometre in 2011. \"But this could be due to differences in methodologies in the census,\" a wildlife expert said.Decrease in poaching due to deterrence provided by stringent laws and heightened awareness among the general populace are cited as the main reasons for the healthy situation of the state's wildlife population.The survey was carried out jointly by the Forest Department, World Wildlife Fund ( WWF) India, KFIR and Periyar Foundation. More than 2,000 officials and over 600 volunteers from across the state took part in the three-day census which was held from May 18, 2011 and covered 15 species of animals. While the 2002 census had covered almost the entire forest area in the state, in 2011 the enumeration was confined to 50% of the forest area, and figures for the entire area were based on projections.The other 14 animals covered in the survey are lion-tailed macaque, bonnet macaque, Nilgiri langur, common langur, gaur, sambar deer, spotted deer, barking deer, mouse deer, wild boar, Malabar giant squirrel, Indian porcupine, sloth bear and wild dog.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17004361", "title": "Jr. NTR to romance Tamannaah?", "text": "It is known news that Young tiger Jr NTR is acting in the direction of Harish Shankar in a new untitled film. The shooting of this film was launched on October 18, 2012 at producer Dil Raju office. Now the latest news is that Tamanna will be seen in main heroine role in this film.Previously, Tamanna and Jr NTR acted in Oosaravelli which is a commercial hit. Now the duo is all set to pair up for second time. Currently Tamanna has only one Telugu film in her kitty. She is acting in Naga Chaitanya and Suni multi starrer movie Bhale Thammudu. Apart from this she is acting in Bollywood movie Himmatwala.The second heroine in the film is yet to be decided. Harish Shankar who came to lime light with Ravi Teja's Mirapakay turned as a star director with Pawan Kalayn's Gabbar Singh. The director studied the body language of these star heroes and prepared a script which suits their body language. Now, the director came up with a script which suits for Jr NTR's body language. Producer Dil Raju is also confident on the script and said that this film will attract NTR's fan.The screenplay for this film is already completed. The regular shooting of this film will start from November. SS Thaman is scoring the music while Chota K Naidu handles the cinematography. Dil Raju is producing this untitled movie on the banner of Sri Venkateswara Creations banner. More details of the film will be announced soon.Source: Currentweek.net", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16999045", "title": "Ranee Narah replaces Agatha Sangma in Cabinet", "text": "GUWAHATI: Ranee Narah on Sunday replaced NCP's Agatha Sangma as the only woman representative from the northeastern region in the Union cabinet. A former cricketer, Narah is a three-time MP, but a first-timer in the Union ministry. She has been made MoS tribal affairs. Narah represents Lakhimpur Lok Sabha constituency while Ering is an MP from Arunachal (East) Lok Sabha constituency.Along with Narah, another Congress MP from Arunachal Pradesh, Ninong Ering, made his debut as MoS minority affairs. He has replaced Congress MP from Shillong and former MoS water resources Vincent H Pala , who resigned on Saturday. Agatha, who is an MP from Tura in Meghalaya, resigned from the ministry on Saturday.The number of representatives from the Northeast in UPA-II remains the same \u2014 four, including Singh himself and MoS (independent charge) Paban Singh Ghatowar.\"As she was married into a tribal family \u2014 Ranee is the wife of Bharat Narah, Congress leader and former minister \u2014 it is significant that she has secured the tribal affairs portfolio. We hope that she will do justice to the cause of tribals in the country,\" Assam Pradesh Congress Committee media secretary Bichitra Choudhury said.Born to the Late Dil Mohamad and Nurjahan Chaudhury on October 31, 1965, Narah has two sons. She is a graduate from Gauhati University and was the general secretary of the Assam Pradesh Youth Congress from 1996 to 1997. She was also the vice-president and president of Assam Pradesh Youth Congress in 1998. She made her entry into the Lok Sabha in 1998 as a member of the executive committee of the Congress Parliamentary Party .Narah was the captain of the Assam women's cricket team and was also the president of the Women's Cricket Association of India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17002712", "title": "Rahman thanks MTVIndia team", "text": "It was A R Rahman's fitrst unplugged stint on MTV and he was quite kicked about the show.In fact, he was happy with the end result and tweeted, \"Love and prayers to the video audio and makeup team of @MTVIndia Made us look and sound amazing in the unplugged sessions Thanks a ton!\"The musician seemed to be very thrilled that the show went off well and that the unplugged sessions turned out well. The private person that he is, it was good to see to see appreciate the video, audio and makeup team at MTV.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16997683", "title": "In a snub, TMC berths given to Mamata-baiters", "text": "KOLKATA: The Congress has finally declared war on Mamata Banerjee.The Manmohan Singh government has appointed Mamata's strongest and most vociferous antagonist in Bengal to a ministry controlled by her till she walked out of the UPA-II last month, giving the state's primary Trinamool-Left battle a sub-plot ahead of the panchayat polls next year and the general elections in 2014.Behrampore MP Adhir Chowdhury gave an indication of things to come when he dared Mamata, hours after being sworn in on Sunday as MoS for railways, to bring a no-trust motion against the UPA government \"if she has the guts\".Another vocal Mamata critic, Raiganj MP Deepa Das Munshi, was also inducted in the Union ministry \u2014 as MoS for urban development, a portfolio held by Trinamool MP Saugata Roy. The other Bengal Congress leader to find a place in the ministry was South Malda MP Abu Hasem Khan Chowdhury (MoS, health and family welfare), the only \"moderate\" face from the Bengal Congress among the trio, as far as the approach towards Mamata is concerned.An acerbic Trinamool dismissed the appointments as an eyewash, saying that the Congress's real objective was to \"needle\" and \"irritate\" Mamata as ministers of state \"have no power\".Trinamool leader and panchayat minister Subrata Mukherjee went a step further to say he feared the new ministers would try to create communal tension. \"We suspect they will try to foment trouble in North Bengal \u2014 even create communal disharmony,\" he said.Roy, whose shoes Deepa will now try to fill, said, \"Bengal hasn't gained but lost a Cabinet portfolio. An MoS has no power. They've been made ministers only to disturb the Bengal government.\" Trinamool leaders also dared the \"minority government\" to first prove its numbers.The Congress move to reward its North Bengal and Murshidabad strongmen may be seen as a strategy to consolidate its base in its traditional bastions before the panchayat polls and the Lok Sabha elections. The party has now effectively displaced the Trinamool Congress as the Bengal's pallbearer at the Centre, and the ministers' performance will be keenly watched by a state hungry for industry and banking heavily on investments by PSUs.AICC general-secretary in-charge of Bengal Shakeel Ahmed said, \"The trio's induction at the Centre will bolster the party's rank and file ahead of the panchayat polls. In fact, four names were discussed, including that of (state Congress chief) Pradeep Bhattacharya. However, the party leadership didn't want to disturb Bhattacharya ahead of the crucial polls,\" he said.Contrary to the Trinamool view, Ahmed said the importance given to Bengal by the UPA could be gauged by the fact that three of the six Congress Lok Sabha MPs from the state were now ministers.Both Adhir and Deepa made it clear they would step up their criticism of the Mamata government, and said their success as ministers would hinge on the cooperation of the chief minister. \"We are here for the people of Bengal. And they will always be our first priority. Having said that, we work under a federal structure where our success \u2014 or failure \u2014 will depend on the extent of the support of the state government,\" Adhir said.\"A spate of railway projects was announced by Mamata Banerjee when she was railway minister. Two years is perhaps too less a time to complete these (considering the 2014 Lok Sabha polls) for many of these don't even have budgetary allocation. I would advise people to see with their eyes and not only by the ears.\"Deepa, too, didn't mince words. \"We will continue to speak out against the state government. But in doing so, we will never cross the line of political propriety. We've have noticed with dismay the Trinamool never cares for this,\" the Raiganj MP said.Even Abu Hasem Khan Chowdhury raked up the Singur imbroglio, saying that he would rather speak to the Tatas than continue the impasse.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16998672", "title": "Kerala leaders unhappy over Tharoor\u2019s comeback", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The re-induction of Shashi Tharoor into the UPA cabinet has come as a big surprise for the Kerala Congress leadership. The former UN under-secretary general has always been viewed with suspicion, and not a little awe, by the Congress leadership in Kerala.\"It is all planted stories. There is no proposal to consider his name in the cabinet reshuffle,\" was how a Union minister from the state commented just two days ago when asked about the possibility of Tharoor getting a second chance in the central cabinet.In fact, on Sunday, it was the third time that the state party leadership was caught unawares with regard to Tharoor. The first was when he was given the ticket to contest in the Lok Sabha election in 2009, the second when he was made the minister of state for external affairs in the UPA government which he had to subsequently relinquish in April 2010 following the \"sweat equity\" controversy related to the now-defunct Kochi IPL team, and now.It was the Rahul Gandhi factor that apparently clicked once again in favour of Tharoor. \"He was the choice of the prime minister and Rahul Gandhi, and not the nominee of the party's state unit,\" said a senior leader of the party who didn't want to be named. Earlier, it was at the insistence of Sonia Gandhi - who countermanded the wishes of the Kerala leadership - that he was given a ticket from Thiruvananthapuram Lok Sabha constituency. The pressure from Delhi was reportedly such that the party's Kerala leaders had to work all out to ensure that he won by a thumping margin.The strained relation Tharoor has with the Congress leaders in the state was evident from the fact that none of the Congress leaders tried to meet him or even congratulate him after he got a berth in the Union cabinet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16997623", "title": "Human skeleton found", "text": "BHOPAL: Skeleton of a middle-aged man was recovered from a water body in Ayodhya locality on Saturday. The police said deceased was identified as Naval Singh. He was handicapped and was missing for the past one month. Police said a case in this regard would be registered on the basis of the autopsy report.Man disappeared with cash: A man escaped with Rs 95,000 cash given by his employer to deposit in a bank. The incident took place more than a month ago, but a case in this regard was registered on Saturday evening. Police said Ravi Khatwani--the owner of Archies gallery at 10 No. Market had given Rs 95,000 to Abhinav, who worked in his shop to deposit in the bank. When he did not deposit the sum and did not return for work, Khatwani lodged a case of breach of trust against him.Mystery shrouds man's death: A 30-year-old man died under mysterious circumstances here on Saturday evening. The police said Nafees was found unconscious with injuries near the Bhanpur bridge after which he was admitted to a private hospital where he succumbed. The concerned Chhola Mandir police remained clueless on how the deceased sustained injuries that led to his death.Man booked: A man has been booked for attempting to rape a 4-year-old minor girl here on Sunday evening. The incident took place in Vajpayee Nagar. Police said accused Dharmu was trying to rape the minor when her uncle came there and saved her. The Shahjehnabad police have registered a case in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17003285", "title": "AR Rahman live", "text": "AR Rahman fans have a reason to smile. Their favourite composer is all set for a live concert in Chennai, which will be called \"Thaimanne Vanakkam\"- A R Rahman Live in Concert. The concert will be held in Chennai on December 29 at the Nehru Indoor stadium and some of the popular singers will also perform at the do. The curtain raiser will be aired on a Tamil entertainment channel on November 14, which comprises interview with the composer and other celebrities", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17002739", "title": "Vimala likes Bollywood", "text": "Apthrakshaka actor Vimala Raman is busy with two Bollywood projects \u2014 Afra Tafari and Mumbai Mirror.Talking about her Bollywood experience, she says, \"Working in Bollywood is quite a contrast to working in south films, where we often work on a smaller scale and at a faster pace.\"Vimala says that she is happy about the fact that both these films are of different genres. \"In Afra Tafari , I'm paired opposite Govinda . It is a comedy and I play a naive wife who constantly suspects her partner. Mumbai Mirror is a serious film about the Mumbai underworld and I play an investigative journalist,\" she reveals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17004139", "title": "Damarukam resembles Anji in all areas", "text": "When a film hits theatres while the hype is at peaks, the receiving will be in one way and if it keeps on changing its dates, receiving will be definitely altered. At the same, conclusions will also be drawn affecting the commercial stamina of the flick.Looks like, Nagarjuna's socio-fantasy flick 'Damarukam' has got one more release date and that happens to be November 9th. No one is sure if this film hits marquee on that said date, because it got postponed three times till date, though Nag stressed that it will be releasing in October. The delay is now hitting film's content and its parallels with Chiranjeevi's 'Anji' movie.Both movies are having same concept of Lord Shiva as central theme, a love story, stunning VFX and a same kind of delay in release. Damarukam makers added an item Song on Charmi after completing total movie shoot, exactly which was done by Anji Makers with Reema Sen earlier. If we have to take trade reports into consideration, Anji is a average performer for distributors and loss venture for producers. This angle is said to be now worrying Damarukam producers, RR Makers, an injured bird in Telugu industry.Source: www.gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "16999615", "title": "Girl flees house of in-laws with paramour", "text": "PATIALA: A forced marriage apparently failed to separate a young girl from her lover and she fled with him from her in-laws' house in Hadana village of Patiala district within 48 hours of her marriage.Lal Singh, belonging to a farmer's family, married Meena from Kusi village of Mandi district of HP on October 26. The marriage party came back the same evening.However, the groom's relatives have alleged that an unidentified person, allegedly the bride's lover, also reached Hadana village on the same night and remained in touch with the girl throughout the night. She did not switch off her mobile phone even at her in-laws' house.The next morning, Meena left the house, along with a relative on the pretext of seeing the main gate of the house. Once outside, she sat in a vehicle, in which her lover was allegedly waiting for her, and drove away, sources said. \"We have received a complaint and started investigations. We have not registered any case as the girl has gone of her own,\" said Jaswinder Chahal, SHO of Julka police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "mhow", "code": "16997924", "title": "Kashmiri students visit Infantry school in Mhow", "text": "MHOW: As a part of army's operation Sadbhavana project in Jammu &amp; Kashmir, the Cross Sword Division of army organized an educational cum motivational tour for 24 Kashmiri students to Infantry School in Mhow.On their arrival, the Infantry School commandant Lt Gen A S Nandal welcomed them and spoke to them at length. The four-day tour started on Thursday and ended on Sunday.This four day tour to Mhow started on Thursday and concluded on Sunday.As per the press release issued by the school, the tour was organized with an aim to instill a sense of awareness, spread national integration, provide an exposure to the development in other parts of the country and encourage them to work towards peace and harmony in their state.The tour provided the opportunity for the students belonging to the remote areas of Jammu &amp; Kashmir to visit places like New Delhi, Agra and Indore.At the school, students visited the training infrastructure and witnessed the conduct of training. They also visited the Army Marksmanship Unit, the alma mater of shooting in the country along with the places of interest such as Omkareshwar temple, Sitlamata Falls, Rajwada, Chhatri Bagh and Bada Ganpati Mandir were. A visit to the prestigious DAVV was also conducted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16998648", "title": "Achiever Maken moves up the ladder", "text": "NEW DELHI: At 48, Ajay Maken is the youngest minister with Cabinet rank in the UPA government.The new minister for housing and urban poverty alleviation, who represents New Delhi Lok Sabha constituency, has been promoted for his performance in the sports and youth affairs ministry while many also see it as a balancing act in local Delhi politics.Maken, who was moved to sports and youth affairs replacing M S Gill in a Cabinet reshuffle after the Commonwealth Games fiasco, ensured India's highest-ever medal haul in the Olympic Games and prepared the sports bill aiming to bring in transparency and reforms in sports federations.Along with framing a new national youth policy, Maken introduced a national physical fitness programme in schools which proposes to award marks for performance in sports.Maken has been a young achiever all his life. At the age of 21, he was elected president of Delhi University Students Union (DUSU) in 1985.He became an MLA at the age of 29 and parliamentary secretary to chief minister Sheila Dikshit when he was 34. He also held several ministerial portfolios, including power and transport, in the state government. Though the shift to CNG for public transport was implemented on Supreme Court orders, Maken got credit for the environment-friendly initiative. In 2004, he fought and won his first Lok Sabha election from New Delhi constituency.Once considered a close confidant of Delhi CM Sheila Dikshit, Maken was shifted to national politics after his relationship with her got strained. Young, dynamic and efficient, and also shrewd, Maken had emerged as the biggest challenge to Dikshit in Delhi politics.After UPA came to power in 2004, Maken was made minister of state for urban development. He was the youngest minister in the Congress-led government and played a critical role in finalizing the Master Plan for Delhi along with his senior minister Jaipal Reddy.In 2007, he was made a member of the party's highest policy making body - Congress Working Committee - and was made in-charge of Jharkhand and Odisha.After UPA returned to power in 2009, Maken was appointed minister of state for home affairs.On his latest elevation, Maken said, \"It's an opportunity for us. I am not so young but still comparatively young. We should show our countrymen that comparatively younger people can perform when given an opportunity.\"He tweeted, \"Besides my leaders, I owe my elevation to sportspersons, their coaches and sports journalists! Thanks! It was a great experience!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16998158", "title": "Four years on, victims' families still await justice", "text": "GUWAHATI: Even four years after the October 30, 2008 serial bombings in the state, the families of the victims are still awaiting justice. They have demanded that the accused be awarded maximum possible punishment at the earliest.The CBI, which investigated the case, named 22 accused in the serial blasts. Fourteen of them, including National Democratic Front of Bodoland (NDFB) chief Ranjan Daimary, his deputy George Boro and several other leaders are behind the bars. However, eight of the accused are still at large. The CBI has already asked the Interpol to issue a 'red corner' notice to all of the absconding accused.\"The CBI has submitted three chargesheets in the case and mentioned 829 witnesses. So far, the sessions court of Kamrup, which is hearing the case here, has heard 30 witnesses,\" said Manas Sarania, counsel of the accused. The chief judicial magistrate's court committed the trial of the October 30 blast case to the Kamrup sessions court in February 2011.\"The slow pace of the trial and progress of the case is unsatisfactory. We lost our loved ones in the serial blast four years ago and if the trial continues at this pace, we will not get justice even in the next five years. The government must act on the probe report instead of just giving us false hope,\" said Rupa Kalita, who lost her husband in the Ganeshguri blast.The CBI records revealed that at least 88 people died and 540 others were injured in nine blasts in Guwahati, Kokrajhar, Barpeta and Bongaigaon on October 30, 2008. Of these, 53 died in three blasts in Guwahati alone, whereas 20 died in three blasts in Kokrajhar and 15 in two explosions in Barpeta. No one died in the Bongaigaon blast.However, according to unofficial records, more than 100 people were killed in the serial blasts.On the other hand, with the ongoing peace process between the NDFB (R) and the Centre, official sources said the state government is trying hard to find a solution with regard to the trial and the peace talks with Ranjan Daimary at the same time.\"In 2011, the Centre's interlocutor, P C Haldar, started the peace dialogue with Daimary and has sat for some 10 discussions with the leaders of NDFB on jail premises as yet,\" added Sarania.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "16998100", "title": "Stipend for 205 orphans, disabled students: Nabam Tuki", "text": "ITANAGAR: Chief minister Nabam Tuki announced a stipend for the 205 students of Manjushree Vidyapeeth in Tawang from the next academic session.Tuki, who is on a two-day visit to Tawang, paid a visit to the famed institution, which houses 205 children -119 orphans, 60 destitute and 26 physical disabled - from various parts of the state, on Saturday.Announcing the students' stipend in the institution's auditorium, Tuki said taking care of 205 students is a great responsibility.He pledged his support to the institution while appealing for support from every quarter for this noble endeavour. He asked tourism minister Pema Khandu and art and culture parliamentary secretary Tsewang Dhondup - both from Tawang - to submit a proposal through the DC for implementation of the same at the earliest.Tuki announced that he will extend scholarships to some students of Manjushree Vidyapeeth in Tawang to study abroad after he learnt that a student from the school was studying at Cambridge with a scholarship from the state government.Responding to the plea of the school's director Lama Thupten Phuntsok, Tuki assured sufficient funds to protect the infrastructure from landslide.Earlier, Tuki and his entourage, consisting of UD minister Rajesh Tacho, tourism minister Pema Khandu, parliamentary secretaries TN Thongdok, Phurpa Tsering, Tsewang Dhondup, CM's political secretary Bamang Tago and OSD to CM Dr Hatobin Mai, visited the flood-prone zone, where also lies the world famous Tawang Monastery.Tuki, while assuring Khandu of early protection work for the monastery, said a committee has been constituted with principal secretary Yeshi Tsering as chairman to study the situation and submit a report for early action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16999985", "title": "DU appoints taskforce to develop curriculum for 4-year degree programme", "text": "The taskforce to develop Delhi University's (DU) four-year degree programme , to be implemented from the next academic session, has been formed with a total of 61 faculty members on the panel . According to Dinesh Singh, vice-chancellor , DU, around 61 teachers have been appointed to prepare the curriculum for the four-year degree course, across university's departments and disciplines. The meetings to work out the blueprint will begin soon.\"The taskforce is required to cover all disciplinary and interdisciplinary courses. We are in the middle of discussions; the curriculum is being evolved,\" says Malashri Lal, dean, academic activities and projects.Further adding, Virender Bhardwaj, faculty, department of Hindi, Shivaji College and an elected member of the Academic Council (AC), who is also one of the panel members, says, \"we have proposed a number of recommendations on the structure of the new curriculum, which are yet to be discussed and approved by the AC members in order to draw a layout of the course.\"The proposed design includes \u2014 in the first year \u2014 two semesters of basic courses like mathematics, computers, environmental studies, and Indian culture, etc, which will be the same for all students enrolled in the programme in the first year. Besides, students would be required to study English and one Indian language from a set of Modern Indian Languages.\"The reason behind offering the basic courses to all firstyear students is to provide practical knowledge. DU graduates must have knowledge of basic mathematics, computers, history , etc, which they can apply to day-to-day life as well,\" adds Bhardwaj.Under the proposed scheme, in the second year, students would have to opt for a discipline of their choice, on the basis of their aptitude and eligibility . At the end of the second year, they will have an exit point where they can opt out of the course with an associate degree. While in the third year, students would be continuing their chosen discipline along with concurrent papers. If they opt to exit at the end of third year, they would be awarded a general degree.However, in the fourth year, students again have a choice of continuing in the traditional scheme of papers or take up a research project (under the supervision of a faculty member) in connection to the respective disciplines. On the completion of the fourth year, an honours degree will be awarded.\"We have decided on the exit point at the end of the second year, keeping in mind students who due to certain reasons may have to opt out of higher studies. The associate degree will help them have a valid recognition of the two years of study. Our aim is to make the entire programme as flexible and productive as it can be to produce better graduates,\" he explains.While a set of teachers are not convinced with the programme , others who are on the panel believe it to be a positive move. Ajay K Arora, principal, Deshbandhu College and a panel member, says, \"it is a good change and we must contribute. The first priority would be to chalk out the structure of the programme , which has to be better than the existing one.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16998806", "title": "Registration for Metro's cycling from tomorrow", "text": "BANGALORE: Those looking forward to hiring cycles from Namma Metro stations to save their time, beat traffic congestion and contribute to eco-friendly commuting were in for a disappointment as the docking stations inaugurated with much fanfare last week were yet to get functional.The good news is that the registration process is slated to commence on Tuesday.About 50 cycles will be available for users at MG Road, Trinity and Ulsoor metro stations. The docking stations themselves have a parking capacity for over 100 cycles, said Syed Haseeb Arfath, co-founder, Kerberon Automations which is operating the docking stations.\"The wireless machines (that control the whole process of renting cycles) needed to be integrated. Also, there was the Dasara holiday,\" Arfath said, explaining the delay.The registration process will require cycling enthusiasts to submit an ID proof - driving licence or passport or PAN card - along with a refundable deposit of Rs 1,000 before hiring a cycle. Users will be given smart cards which will be couriered to their address after registration.The fee for the cycle usage is Rs 10 an hour, per person. Though users can top up their balance at the registration counters or online, they have to maintain a minimum balance of Rs 250. \"You can go to any station and pick up a cycle and drop it at any other station,\" said Arfath.Users can register at either the MG Road station or the Kerberon Automations outlet on Cunningham Road. They can also register online.In the next couple of months, Kerberon plans to introduce 50 more bicycles to its fleet and expand its parking capacity to 200 bicycles.Cycle featuresModified keeping users' security in mindNylon tyres so that they don't go flat oftenSeats adjustable using clipsQuote\"The whole idea of hopping off the metro and taking a cycle to work is exciting. But I am sad that this bright idea isn't operational yet. I am looking forward for the idea to be realized.\"Rohan Kini, co-founder, Bums On The Saddle, a group of cycling enthusiastsCleared Prasad/uk", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16999863", "title": "Police spread word about green Diwali", "text": "LUDHIANA: It's Diwali time. Festivities are in the air and nip of winter brings with it the smell of mouthwatering delicacies. And along with all the celebrations also comes the ear bursting noise and the thick pungent smells of crackers that's hangs in the air days before and after Diwali. But that's about to change in Ludhiana.City police has decided to start a drive for a green Diwali, not just happy and prosperous tomorrow but also for a more eco-friendly one. While Ludhiavis are known for lavish celebrations of the festivals and Diwali is one such occasion when crackers worth crores are busted by the residents, the city police feel the best way to conquer the \"pollution\" demon is by spreading awareness.\"We have decided to start a drive for making the residents, especially children, aware of the ill effects of noise and air pollution created by crackers,\" said Ludhiana commissioner police Ishwar Singh.As a part of the drive, a team of cops would be visiting to every school to address children. \"We plan to encourage children to go cracker-free this Diwali. And even if they plan to burst crackers, we would request them to reduce the quantity and use only small, light crackers that cause minimal noise and air pollution,\" the commissioner added. In addition to this, traffic marshals will also be roped in to spread awareness among the general public. Moreover, residents' welfare organization would also be roped in to spread the word.Meanwhile, residents too have come up with innovative ideas to add a traditional stroke with social responsibility in the festival.As police make students aware about benefits of a green Diwali, residents say the move is well appreciated. \"Collective Diwali celebrations will also work really well. It will help reduce consumption of fire crackers and make celebrations even more enjoyable,\" suggested Avinash Maini, a resident of Gurdev Nagar. Yogesh Dewan of Model Town. He said, \"In most houses children are the ones who insist on bursting crackers. It's good that the cops plan to talk to children.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16998902", "title": "Man killed in bustling Choolaimedu market", "text": "CHENNAI: A fishmonger attacked and killed a 27-year-old collection agent in a busy market in Choolaimedu on Sunday morning.Police said Ulaganathan attacked Krishnan, of Daspuram in Kodambakkam, with the knife he was using to cut fish, after the collection agent demanded daily rent from him. Witnesses said the incident triggered panic, sending customers running for safety, and left the area tense for a couple of hours.Police said Krishnan collected rent of 150 per day from each shop in the market. \"He would collect rent on a daily or weekly basis, depending on outstanding amounts,\" an investigating officer said. There were about 10 fishmongers and many workers, who were helping them cut and clean fish for customers, in the market when Ulaganathan set upon Krishnan.Krishnan demanded that Ulaganathan pay the rent immediately and an argument broke out between them, the officer said. Witnesses told police that Ulaganathan suddenly leaped towards Krishnan and slashed at him with the knife that he was using. Ulaganathan stepped back only when Krishnan collapsed. Krishnan died while being taken to hospital.\"Krishnan had come to the market three days ago and demanded that Ulaganathan pay up his dues, but the fishmonger said he did not have the money,\" the officer said.Another fish vendor in the market said Krishnan had warned Ulaganathan that he would have to vacate the shop if he failed to give him the money on Sunday. The two of them had frequent arguments whenever Krishnan came to collect rent, the fish vendor said. \"They had exchanged blows in the past so the other vendors did not intervene when they started fighting,\" the officer said.\"I panicked when I saw the fishmonger attack the other man with a large knife,\" a customer told police. \"I was buying fish when we saw the attack take place.\" The customer said Ulaganathan pounced Krishnan as he was leaving the market.Choolaimedu police arrested Ulaganathan and charged him with murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17004973", "title": "Taylor Swift\u2019s latest offering is \u2018RED\u2019", "text": "'RED' is Taylor Swift's latest offering to her fans. Inspired by her personal relationships over the past two years, RED showcases her different emotions of intense love, jealousy, frustration and confusion.Winner of 6 Grammy awards , Taylor's an artiste par excellence. Her fourth album \"RED\" comprises of sixteen beautiful tracks out of which ten have been penned by Taylor herself. The other six have been written in collaboration with Ed Sheeran, Dan Wilson , Max Martin and Liz Rose.Such is the sheer magic of her voice that all the 4 singles of the album have reached the number one slot on I-tunes and figure in the TOP 10 on Billboard Hot 100. \" Begin Again\" was the first one followed by \"Red\", \"I knew u Were Trouble\" and \"State of Grace\".On a personal front Taylor Swift has been in and out of a few relationships in the past two years. She was linked with Joe Jonas of the famous boy band \"Jonas Brothers\". After splitting with her, she dated the Twilight hunk Taylor Lautner before moving on to the Hollywood actor Jake Gyllenhall .Currently she is dating 18 year old Connor Kennedy who has family ties (Conor's dad Robert Kennedy is JFK's nephew) with John F Kennedy , the ex president of U.S.A.My picks from this amazing album are- \"RED\", \"I Almost Do\", \"Begin Again\", \"V are never ever getting together\" and \"State of Grace\".Most of the songs have a theme or convey a story that the music lovers will feel themselves relating to. Her voice is really pure and melodious coupled with beautiful music. The fact that Taylor Swift is a romantic at heart comes out through her very passionate &amp; intense singing.One thing is sure that like her tall elegant beautiful frame, Taylor's music is equally captivating, graceful and soothing to ears. She does not need raunchy music videos to sell her music. At just 22 years of age, with more than 22 million albums sold globally &amp; still counting, Taylor Swift is a musician par excellence.One hopes that like her soulful music, she finds her perfect soul mate and true love very soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17003845", "title": "Robotic technique to be used for cleaning of water tanks", "text": "JAIPUR: Drinking water tanks in the state will now be cleaned by the ultra modern \"Robotic Technique\". The project will be initiated from Jaipur on a pilot basis and based on its success will be followed in other districts.The decision was taken by the water resources department after a committee set to for cleaning and maintaining of water tanks found irregularities and reported some tanks as unhygienic. The proposed technique will cost Rs 12 lakh per round of cleaning and reduce the dependence on manpower. A computer operated machine will enter in the tanks, dewater the tank and flush out filth using its vacuum pumps.In Jaipur, Amanishah pump house, the biggest in the city will be the first to undergo the process of cleaning through robotic technique. \"To clean-up entire Amanishah pump house would have cost us Rs. 35 lakhs. But the selected company will do this in almost three times less amount and will using latest technology. Similar cleaning will be done for other water tanks in the city too\" said Satish Jain, superintendent engineer, water resources department.Officials also claim that robotic technique will not interrupt the water supply and cleaning will be completed in less than 6 hours. In manual cleaning we had to cut water supply for at least 2 days. The workers at times intentionally delay the work for earn more money creating problems in resuming water supply\" said the senior official of the department.Cleanliness remains a major issue as more than dozen tanks in the city are not cleaned for 4 years. Despite repeated requests from locals government was unable to carry on the process due paucity of funds and lack of manpower. However, this time department specifically allotted money for the sanitation purposes of water tanks in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16999859", "title": "Conserve &amp; Grow: The challenge is to think fresh", "text": "Environment and the idea of environmentalism - both face serious challenges in India today. The demands of a surging economy require natural resources to be used and exploited at an unprecedented rate. In a populous and poor country, these new demands on resources - land, water and what lies underneath - have aggravated the contests between different stakeholders. Villagers who want to hold on to their lands and water sources are pitted against industries that require raw material. Many of these contests are taking a violent turn. Expanding cities are eating into agrarian land. Industrial hubs are becoming public health nightmares.The forest and environmental clearances given by the Union government in recent decades are an indicator of the rate at which resources are being consumed. In the past 30 years, about 1.6 lakh hectare of forest land has been diverted for mining. Of this, about 48,537ha was diverted in the 11th fiveyear Plan alone - 30% of the total forest land diverted for mining.While policymakers face the challenge of ensuring sustainable development , the idea of environmentalism itself is also in a state of flux. The era when the poor could be squashed between demands of industrial growth and imported ideas of conservation is over. A changed polity today has greater space for the most vulnerable communities to argue, fight if required, and demand their own collective and individual rights. The environment cannot be protected in the name of the poor anymore. The green movement today needs to find a way to ensure that the environment is not exploited in the name of the poor either.Then there is also the greater challenge that links nations and communities across the globe - climate change. The warming of the atmosphere threatens everybody and makes poorer people more vulnerable. Countries need to take collective action to reduce emissions from fossil fuel burning. But India and its environmental movement will have to ensure that these actions do not come at the cost of a better life for the poor.The strains and stresses of rising and highly varying consumption levels are now visible on natural habitats as well as on the poor. For them, more than anyone else, a healthy environment is a prerequisite for survival and livelihood.Clearly, people, communities and corporate houses need to abandon the fallacious debate of growth versus environment ; those who can find ways to marry the two for the benefit of the less privileged are the environmentalists this era requires.Green go-aheadIn the 11th five-year Plan period, 276 thermal power plants of 2.2 lakh MW capacity, 203 steel plants of 132mn tonnes per annum capacity and 112 cement plants with capacity to produce an additional 202mn tonnes cement every year, have got environment clearance 8,734 projects have been granted forest clearance and 2 lakh hectares of forest land have been diverted 119 coal mining projects have got forest clearance during this period, diverting 31,500ha of forest land - the highest number cleared in any five-year Plan since 1981.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16999854", "title": "Former Rajan man 'assaults' advocate", "text": "MUMBAI: A lawyer in Malwani has lodged a police complaint against former Chhota Rajan aide, Vicky Malhotra, and her sister for assault and molestation.The complainant, Parminder Kaur, told the police that Malhotra's men attacked her family, her husband and child on September 18. According to the police, the woman who has been accused in the case happens to be Parminder's sister.\"Kaur and her sister have been booked by the Malwani police in the past. Kaur's husband too has a previous record,\" a senior police officer said.Kaur told the police that she has been \"objecting to Malhotra and her sister's activities\" in Malwani, which has made them target her. No arrests have been made yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16997941", "title": "10-yearr haul of narcotics to be burnt", "text": "PUNE: About 2,700 kg of narcotic substance, seized as early as 1996, will be destroyed at Wadachi Wadi, about 15 kms from here, on October 30. The current market value of the contraband is about Rs 1.37 crore.The district committee for narcotics disposal will destroy the drugs, which includes marijuana, brown sugar and charas, in the presence of a committee of senior police officers. Additional commissioner of police (crime) Shahaji Solunke, Superintendent of police (Pune rural) Manoj Lohiya, Superintendent of police (Government railway police) Pratapsinh Patankar, inspectors of anti-narcotics cell and preventive crime branch (PCB) of the crime branch are the members of the committee. The committee his headed by joint commissioner of police Sanjeev Kumar Singhal.A member of the committee said that this is the biggest action in the recent past after marijuana weighing 450 kg was destroyed in April this year.Police inspector of the anti-narcotics cell of Pune crime branch Sunil Tambe said most of this stock has been seized and sealed between 2002 and 2012 by the city police, Pune rural police and the Government railway police in separate actions. \"In one case, narcotics were seized by the city police in 1996,\" said Tambe.Tambe said the procedure for destroying the stock is very strict. \"On the day of disposal, in-charge of all police stationsm where the narcotics cases were registered, are told to reach the spot with the seizure. The joint commissioner himself checks if the seizure is as per the panchama and then gives permission to destroy it,\" Tambe said.Tambe said that since the quantity of the cache is huge, this time the police have made special arrangements. \"Four channels have been dug. The contraband will be dumped into the channels and will be set ablaze. After this, all channels will be covered with sand,\" Tambe said.Box 1The cache that will be destroyedNarcoticsPune policeRural policeGRPMarijuana 2256 kg 238 kg234 kgBrown sugar 1.33 kg Nil254 (gms)Charas 1.7 kgNil3 kgBox 222 kg marijuana seized in KhadkiThe crime branch on Saturday arrested a man from Khadki and seized 22 kg marijuana which is worth Rs 1.11 lakh. The suspect has been identified as Ahmed Shaikh. Acting on a tip-off, the anti-narcotics cell of the crime branch led by inspector Sunil Tambe raided Shaikh's house and seized the contraband. Shaikh was produced in the court on Sunday and remanded in police custody till October 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17003695", "title": "Govt to step up efforts against illicit liqour", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government has announced to carry out a drive against the illicit liquor manufacturing units and identified 41 history-sheeters including six women , involved in the illegal activity. However its flawed liqour of using holograms is only promoting the business of illicit booze in the state.Rising incidents of spurious liquor in the state are largely attributed to the government's decision to do away with holograms on liquor bottles. Not only has it opened the door for trade of illicit liquor but also hit the revenues for the state.As a part of the excise policy, the state government scrapped usage of holographic excise adhesive label since November 2010. Thanks to the lack of anti-counterfeiting measures, there has been a spurt in smuggling of liquor from neighboring states and manufacturing of illicit liquor in the state.\"Holograms are an authentic mark, and help in fighting use of counterfeits. In India, over 17 states are already using hologram on liquor bottles. Mandated usage of hologram has minimized the tragedies due to spurious liquor. But in absence of it will lead more circulation of prohibited liquor\" said senior official of Hologram Manufactures Association (HOMAI).In the absence of any trademark to identify the excise department officials claim that they will conduct an exhaustive drive against the illegal distilleries and will take stern action against them. \"Sudden raids would be carried out at suspected illegal distillery plants and required action initiated against the persons found guilty\" said Devanand Mathur, Additional Excise Commissioner, Kota. He added that \"such raids will be carried in other parts of the state too\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "cansaulim", "code": "16998703", "title": "Cansaulim seeks special status for Goa", "text": "CANSAULIM: A resolution has been passed at the Cansaulim Arossim Cuelim village panchayat gram sabha on Sunday demanding that special status be granted to Goa and Article 371 (I) of the Constitution of India be amended in order to protect the state's resources.The resolution was proposed by Feliciano Cardozo and seconded by Marconi Correia. The gram sabha wa s chaired by sarpanch Josita Cardozo.It was unanimously resolved that the resolution be forwarded to the state government to be handed over to the Centre and to pursue it strongly with the Government of India.During the discussions, it was recalled that in 1956 Jawaharlal Nehru had stated that Goa would not be annexed by force. Later, in 1963, Nehru stated that Goa would be allowed special benefits and would be treated as a special category state. Since after 50 years of liberation, the special status is yet to be accorded to Goa and Goans, it was resolved that a plea for special status to Goa be strongly pursued.The gram sabha also discussed the proposed market complex and it was decided to identify the survey numbers of properties to be acquired for the market complex. It was resolved that adequate parking space be allotted for the market complex.A decision was also taken that the panchayat should take action to open up the area around Sacramenta building near HDFC and Canara banks to the public for parking, as the same has been surrounded by a compound wall by the owner causing hindrance to the public visiting the banks and shops.Anthony Fernandes of Arossim proposed that local youth be provided with jobs in local starred hotels and allowed to ply their taxis. It was resolved that the threat from the migrant Lamanis and Kashmiris be dealt with by the village panchayat with help from local police. Lamanis and Kashmiris have been accused of victimizing and depriving local youth of their right to gainful employment.It was also resolved that the panchayat should pursue the underground power cabling work during the next six months as the high tension power lines go over the houses of the locals endangering their safety.Marconi Correia assured the gram sabha that he would provide no-objection to set up a garbage dump in his property on lease for five years at a nominal fee.The gram sabha resolved that residents who are letting out their houses and rooms be asked to pay a tax and some opined that house tax charged by the panchayat be continued and not abolished.A local resident Evans Fernandes proposed that the dog and cycle tax be abolished by the village panchayat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17000019", "title": "Ignou to have Hindi cells in all its regional centres", "text": "The Indira Gandhi National Open University (Ignou), has established a 'Rajbhasha Cell' (RC) in all the 56 regional centres of the university to promote the Hindi language.\"This initiative has been promoted by the central government and Ignou as well, but we will now be doing it through an institutionalised mechanism. Hindi has to be promoted as a national language. We have our regional centres in the Hindi speaking belts as well as the non-Hindi speaking belts, which is where we would like to promote the use of the language the most,\" says Srikant Mohapatra, director, regional services division, Ignou.The Rajbhasha Cell will have five members comprising the regional director, assistant regional director, coordinators and staff of the RC, who will conduct a meeting once in every three months and will monitor how communication takes place within the university.\"The promotion of the language will be done through various methods . We will monitor how the correspondence in Hindi takes place through press releases, with the government and with students. We are ensuring that our letterheads, visiting cards, etc, are all bilingual,\" he further informs.Ignou will also make efforts to reach out to all students at the university . \"Our aim is also to reach out to students from different socioeconomic backgrounds who take take admission in Ignou. The prospectus will be bilingual. We have observed that the demand for study material in the Hindi-speaking belts is about 50%, while in the non-Hindi speaking belt, the demand ranges from 20-30%. Keeping that in mind, if for a particular subject , the study material is not available in Hindi, then students have the option to write their term-end papers and assignments in Hindi,\" he says.The celebration of the Hindi year will last till September 13, 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17002408", "title": "Sandalwood game for more cricket?", "text": "The annually held Dr Raj Cup cricket tournament began in Bagalkot recently, amid rumours that the event may not take place at all, thanks to a bitter misunderstanding between two teams during the tourney held last year.However, the teams have put their differences aside and come together for a cause \u2014 to raise funds for underprivileged children. The current line-up includes Shivarajkumar leading the producers' team, Puneeth Rajkumar leading the press team, Raghavendra Rajkumar captaining the youngsters' team, Yogesh leading the fighters' team and the Cup organizer choreographer Rajesh Bramhavar leading the dancers' team.Even as he brushes aside any rumours of misunderstandings, actor Sudeep, the founder member of this tournament who led the dancers' team last year, admits he will not be able to participate in the matches. \"Film commitments are keeping me away from actually playing the matches this year. However, I have been part of the selection process of the team and have visited them during their practice sessions. The team, as well as the Cup, has my support always,\" says Sudeep, who also captains the Karnataka team for the nationally held celebrity cricket tournaments.Upendra, Srinagara Kitty and Yash are some of the other actors participating in the tourney, while Sudeep's good friend Darshan has excused himself due to prior commitments.Incidentally, sources inform us that those who are missing from the games have ensured that their contribution towards the cause remains unaffected. \"Both Sudeep and Darshan have made financial contributions towards the cause to help make up for the fact that they will not be able to participate in this year's edition of the Raj Cup,\" says a source.Rajesh informs us, \"Since we are hoping to generate funds for the underprivileged children in north Karnataka, most of the matches will be held in Bijapur and Gulbarga.\" The final, however, is expected to be held in Malaysia .Contributed by: Kavya Christopher and Mahesh H", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17002423", "title": "Films happened by accident: Mani Ratnam", "text": "Noted filmmaker Mani Ratnam, who has given some landmark films including \" Roja\", \"Bombay\" and \" Dil Se\", says he was enjoying his life as a well-paid management consultant after finishing MBA from a top B-school 35 years ago when chance gave him an entry into the world of films.\"It was an accident. I was interested in cinema only as a viewer. I never thought I'd take it up as a career. I never thought I would sit and write and actually direct films,\" the director says in a new book \" Conversations with Mani Ratnam\".The book, based on the filmmaker's freewheeling interactions with film critic Baradwaj Rangan, published by Penguin, reveals how the reticent man who went on to deliver gems in Hindi and Tamil films switched over to cinema.During the seventies, Ratnam was so fed up of watching sub-standard Tamil films that he decided to push the bar himself.\"Even now I feel that if enough good Tamil films were made, I wouldn't become a filmmaker,\" the acclaimed filmmaker, favoured both by critics and the box-office, says.Besides those by Balachander and Mahendran, he says, \"The rest of the films, predominantly, were not good. Tamil cinema had stagnated. The films were so ordinary and without any flair that you felt you could do better even if you didn't know anything about cinema\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17003357", "title": "Iffi-K presents Maawan", "text": "Irfan Khan , also known as Iffi-K, is a unique singer who has constantly tried to bring a diverse and versatile range of music and lyrics to the music industry .Iffi-K is proud to announce the release of his new heart touching single 'Maawan'. This song brings the realisation of the value of a mother within ones life. This song talks about how a mother raises her children from birth to turning them into successful individuals by loving them, caring for them, shielding them from the worst the world has to give to having her prayers for her children accepted by God. It touches on a point that if an individual does not have the presence of their mother in their life, how much they would miss the happiness of their mother upon success, how their heart and eyes would search for their mother at all times. The music for this single has been produced by JKD Productions and video production and direction by Yasir Akhtar/Pegasus Productions.Iffi-K has previously released a worldwide charity single called 'Allah Reham Karde' (2011) for Pakistan which is a multi-award winning release. Iffi-K has also released 'Sohniye Teri Surat' featuring Hunterz (2007) and 'Munde tere utte marde' from the album Rhythm On Fire (2010).Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17002197", "title": "Shankar Mahadevan at Times Ahmedabad Festival", "text": "Shankar Mahadevan had promised to the audience for a rollercoaster ride in the interview on the eve of Times Ahmedabad Festival, and boy did he fulfill his promise. The first night of the festival was one of those nights where the divide between the audience and the performer was only physically felt. Within minutes of Shankar taking the stage, the audience was seen dancing on their seats with the ladies leading from the front. And what followed was an experience that surpassed all expectations. The music, the excitement, the thrill and the atmosphere at the venue took everyone present to a different high.Presenting back to back blockbuster hits, Shankar, through his charismatic personality, created a chorus with the audience that sang along with him in perfect harmony scoring a full 100% marks.The opening act of Ganesh Stuti was followed by Dil Chahta Hai, Salaam-e-Ishq and Rock On !! A medley of various songs that Shankar called the 'Unplugged section' changed the mood of the evening to a more soothing side. And Shankar requested the audience to sit back and enjoy his soul stirring song Maa .Whether it was the Punjabi beats in Sexy Sam , or the Spanish melody of Senorita , Shankar was in his signature element doing what he does best, sing to perfection. At the end of the evening, the crowd was left 'Breathless' with all the dancing and grooving. But none complained as it was a wholesome night, full of fun, music and a lots of masti.Compiled by Abhimanyu Mishra", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16998731", "title": "US guns, Pak bullets seized from Red rebels in Jharkhand", "text": "RANCHI: Seizures of US-made weapons and over 80 bullets manufacutred at Pakistan Ordinance Factory (POF) from left wing extremists in the last few months have created a flutter in Jharkhand. The state police had on Friday seized 230 bullets including 80 POF amunitions and a US-made carbine from People's Liberation Front of India (PLFI), a splinter of CPI (Maoist), operatives in Simdega district.In August police had seized US made weapon from Maoists during a search operaiton in hazaribagh district.A 0.30 US Carbine, a standard weapon extensively used by America in Vietnam war , which was supplied to PLFI 18 months ago was seized in Simdega. Investigation is on to find out the foreign networks of the rebels.A sub-zonal commander Surya Don alias Subar Singh, arrested along with the foreign arms, on Sunday disclosed to the police that PLFI nowadays gets regular consignments of arms from North east and Nepal.Jharkhand police spokesperson and IG special branch S N Pradhan said, \"I have asked Simdega police to send the bullets, including the Pakistani ones for scientific testing to find out more.\" Simdega police sent the ammunition for testing on Sunday.Maoists were the first from whom American arms were seized on August 29 in Hazaribagh district. Now seizure of American arms and Pakistani bullets from PLFI has put a question mark on the internal security of the state in wake of foreign arms supply. Jharkhand police acknowledge the dominance of PLFI. A report of special branch few weeks ago also said that PLFI has become the second largest threat to the state's internal security after the Maoists.\"The head of PLFI himself handles all arms consignment. Leaders like me are not provided any information about arms nor do we seek such information. Only thing that we know is arms consignment come from North East and Nepal,\" Surya Don was quoted by Simdega SP Prabhat Kumar.SP added that Surya has been using the US Carbine for past 18 months. \"It's an advanced and powerful weapon,\" said Kumar.Investigation is on in Simdega to find out whether extremists in North East or Nepal, having links with Pakistan's intelligence agency ISI, provided the ammunition to the rebels.Along with Surya his bodyguard Churu was arrested from the Odisha-Jharkhand border in a joint operation by the police of both the states. One regular American carbine, 11 rifles, 231 rounds of live cartridges and two grenades were seized late on Friday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16997494", "title": "Another temple robbery surfaces at Uppuguda", "text": "HYDERABAD: Burglars struck yet again at a temple in Uppuguda in the Old City in the wee hours of Sunday and made away with around 10 gm gold, two kilo silver and Rs 10,000 cash. Sunday's heist is the second to take place in Uppuguda within a month and the third in the Chatrinaka police station limits. Tension prevailed in Uppuguda when locals staged a protest at the temple demanding immediate action.Police suspect the burglary to have happened between 2.15 am and 3.15 am. According to sources, a constable, who was on night duty, did not notice any unusual activity before 2.10 am. However, at 3.15 am, a police patrol team noticed that temple doors were ajar.On inspection, they found that the locks on doors leading to the inner sanctorum were also broken. The Chatrinaka police, under whose jurisdiction the temple falls, was informed, who in turn alerted the temple committee.Incidentally, the first burglary was reported at the Hanuman temple in Uppuguda on October 5. Burglars then struck at Mahankali temple in Lal Darwaza on October 10.Uppuguda Mahankali Temple committee members claimed the thieves made way with a nose ring, mangalsutra, earrings and a silver crown, which were on the deity. The thieves also broke open a cupboard in the storeroom and made away with Rs 10,000 cash.As soon as word spread about the incident, people started gathering. The committee members held a sit-in protest from 6 am and blamed police for their inability to stop temple burglaries. By 10 am, hundreds of people gathered at the spot.The protestors wanted to take out a rally, but after an assurance from police, they relented. \"Police assured us that in 48 hours they will nab the criminals. We then called off the protest rally to Lal Darwaza. If the police fail to keep their word, then we will take out the rally,\" temple committee chairman Shankeriah Goud said.Police sources said that the temple has no security measures. A constable, who was posted for night watch at the temple, was shifted out two days ago.Though police have accepted a complaint from the temple committee, they are suspicious about the articles claimed to be missing.\"There was no visible disturbance in the sanctum sanctorum. Other valuables in the sanctum were left untouched. At first glance, it appears like the break-in was an amateur job and an attempt at mischief mongering,\" an official said, adding that initial investigations rule out any connection between the Lal Darwaza burglary and Sunday's incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16998898", "title": "Police books Vijayakanth for threat to reporter", "text": "CHENNAI: A day after the DMDK chief Vijayakanth intimidated a reporter at the city airport, a criminal case was registered against the actor-politician on Sunday. Vijayakanth, who is the leader of the Opposition in the assembly, now faces the criminal case for having allegedly intimidating a senior journalist M Balasubramanian and causing hurt.On Sunday, the airport police registered the cases for offences punishable under Section 323 (voluntarily causing hurt), 341 (wrongful restraint) and 506(ii) (criminal intimidation) of IPC. The first information report \u2014 crime no. 376/12 \u2014 registered on the complaint of Balasubramanian, cites Vijayakanth, a party MLA and others as accused.On Saturday, when Vijayakanth and party functionaries reached the Chennai airport to board a flight for Madurai, reporters sought his reaction to the meetings that four of his party MLAs had had with chief minister J Jayalalithaa on Friday and Saturday. He appeared to take offence with one reporter and reportedly abused him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "16998202", "title": "Q 'n' A booklet in matric exam ruffles students", "text": "CUTTACK: The Board of Secondary Education's decision to introduce question-cum-answer booklet in 2013 matriculation examination has triggered chaos and confusion among students.As per the new rule, students will write their answers in the space provided in the question paper itself and submit the entire booklet. Students used to writing voluminously in exams are worried as they will have to weigh their words and write in the limited space provided in the answer booklet. \"I am so confused about the new pattern of question-cum-answer booklet. How can we write answers in such a small space?\" asked Snigdha Patra, a student.\"My handwriting is too big, it is difficult for me to write the answers in the limited space provided in the question-cum-answer booklet,\" said Sagar Rout, a Class X student.However, the board authorities have asked students not to worry and informed that measures will be taken to clear doubts and queries of students about the new pattern. \"We will upload a sample question-cum-answer booklet on the board's website to make the students aware about its format. There is nothing to worry as students will be asked to answer questions within a specified word limit. Enough space will be provided in the answer booklet to accommodate the answers,\" said the board president D P Nanda.He further informed that two additional sheets will be attached to the booklet for rough work and other purposes. The board has also decided to organize a seminar of teachers to acquaint them with the new pattern. \"Once the process of filling forms is over, we will organize a seminar in every district to make the teachers aware about the new pattern of question-cum-answer booklet,\" Nanda said. The new format will help check malpractices such as question paper leak and erratic evaluation of answers, he stressed.Teachers welcomed the decision. \"Students waste answer sheets and scribble irrelevant things. The new rule will help students write answers to the point and in a calculated manner,\" said Sudhakar Mishra, teacher of Saraswati Sishu Mandir.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "16998207", "title": "CRPF jawan goes missing from train", "text": "KEONJHAR: A CRPF jawan posted in Jammu and Kashmir reportedly went missing while returning to his village in Keonjhar district by train. The soldier, Ugrasena Sahu, is a native of Keshdurapal village in Ghasipura police station area. His wife, Sanghamitra, on Saturday lodged a complaint with Ghasipura police in this regard.According to sources, Ugrasena boarded Utkal Express at New Delhi railway station on October 23 at 12 noon. He informed his wife over phone that he would reach home on Friday. Accordingly on Friday, his family members went to Jajpur-Keonjhar road station at around 3 am to receive him, but could not find him. His phone was found switched off.Anandapur SDPo L K Patel said, \"We are inquiring into the incident.\" Meanwhile, Titilagarh police in Balangir district found a body on railway tracks on Friday. A team of Keonjhar police and family members of Sahu have gone to Titilagarh to identify the same. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16998223", "title": "Irfan, Yuvraj skip practice; pitch gets a shave", "text": "MUMBAI: The 'barbers' were at work since early afternoon at the Cricket Club of India, on Sunday, giving the pitch a much-needed 'shave'. What started out looking like a 'green top' for the three-day match between India 'A' and England, starting on Tuesday, had metamorphosed into a brownish strip, two days before the contest.There were reports about chief selector Sandeep Patil and chief of the pitches and grounds committee, Daljeet Singh, visiting the venue on Sunday morning and instructing the CCI curator, Prakash Adhav, not to shave off the grass which measured upto 7 mm. Adhav, however, revealed: \"We have brought it down to 5 mm.\"India 'A' coach Lalchand Rajput too dismissed theories suggesting that the wicket will be a green top. \"It will be a sporting pitch. It always is at the CCI. The first session will always be challenging for the batsmen as there will be seam movement and good bounce. But that's about all,\" he said. However, the lengthy slip catching routine that Suresh Raina, Murali Vijay and Ajinkya Rahane indulged in suggested that the team expects a lot of nicks.Rajput, who had a successful outing with the India 'A' team in New Zealand last month, stressed the need for the players to grab this opportunity with both hands. \"A good performance against touring teams is what all cricketers look forward to and if you perform here, it gives you a lot of satisfaction and confidence that you belong to the big league,\" he noted.The match looks like it's going to be a direct shoot-out between two left-handers - Suresh Raina and Yuvraj Singh - as both of them are eying the No. 6 slot. Yuvraj reaffirmed his credentials as a Test batsman with a massive double hundred for North Zone in the Duleep Trophy semis in Hyderabad, whereas Raina scored just one fifty in the series against New Zealand.Rajput, though, played down the 'contest'. \"It's an opportunity for others too. It's nice to have players in your team who are competing hard for one spot as they raise their performance.\" He was also pleased to have so many pace bowling options at his disposal, thanks to the selectors not picking a spinner. \"Normally, we have a scenario where the pace bowlers don't come into play once the ball becomes old. But here, thanks to the presence of Irfan Pathan , Ashok Dinda , Vinay Kumar and Parvinder Awana, we can see how they bowl with both new &amp; old ball.\"Meanwhile, Yuvraj and Irfan chose to miss the practice session on Sunday. Yuvraj was at the Airtel Indian Grand Prix, in Greater Noida, cheering for Sahara Force India while Pathan had excused himself for Eid. \"Both will be there at the nets tomorrow,\" confirmed India 'A' skipper Raina.It is still to be decided though whether the game will be awarded first class status. If both teams decide to play all batsmen and all bowlers at their disposal, it won't be considered as a first class match.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "17003320", "title": "YouTube ban may be lifted, hints Pak minister", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Just after a month after video sharing website YouTube was banned in Pakistan for failing to block sacrilegious content, Interior Minister Rehman Malik has hinted that the site could be reopened, but only after access to anti-Islamic content has been restricted.Malik tweeted from his Twitter account that he will raise the issue of reopening YouTube in the upcoming cabinet meetings.\"U tube [YouTube] is also wealth of knowledge but hurt the feelings of Muslims.I promise to raise in the cabinet to reopen it minus anti-Islam material,\" The Express Tribune quoted Malik, as saying.According to the paper, Pakistan had blocked YouTube after a short clip from an amatureishly made film insulting Islam rose to world wide prominence.The Pakistan Telecommunication Authority (PTA) acting on orders of the Supreme Court, started blocking links carrying the video. However, innumerable instances of the video being uploaded on YouTube largely nullified PTA's attempts, the paper said.After failing obtain an approval from Google to block the clip from being accessed in Pakistan, the government then finally imposed a blanket block on YouTube on September 17, 2012, to restrict access to the video, it added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "mandi", "code": "17004326", "title": "Narendra Modi calls PM 'Maun Mohan Singh' while campaigning in Himachal", "text": "MANDI: Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi on Monday mocked Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , describing him as 'Maun (Silent) Mohan Singh'.Addressing a rally in Mandi, Himachal Pradesh, Modi said: \"Yesterday, during his Himachal Pradesh visit, 'Maunmohan' Singh came, and the news today is that he broke his silence in Himachal!Appealing to the people of the state to vote the BJP back to power, Modi said: \"I pray to the people of Himachal Pradesh to choose the BJP, and I promise as much development here as in Gujarat.\"\"Himachal Pradesh too can show the same development that Gujarat has shown,\" he added.Modi had earlier also attacked the PM over the issue of being a helpless Prime Minister who had no answers to any issues.\"The country's Prime Minister cannot give a reply to this. Anyway, he is silent. If nobody speaks at all, then what reply can you get from such a person?\" he said.While taking potshots at the government on the issue of corruption, Modi also took a direct dig at Congress party chief Sonia Gandhi's son-in-law Robert Vadra's alleged involvement in illegal land deals.\"Now, I am a happy person. Who have I to loot for? I don't even have a son-in-law. My dear brothers, you should also be careful of sons-in-law. The entire institution of sons-in-law will soon be blacklisted,\" said Modi sarcastically.The Himachal Pradesh legislative assembly consists of 68 seats, and Bharatiya Janata Party won 42 in the previous election.The single-phase election in Himachal Pradesh will take place on November 4 while counting of votes is scheduled on December 20.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17004885", "title": "Sridevi\u2019s best Telugu movies to watch during weekends", "text": "She's been a teetotaler when it comes to acting. While language has never been a barrier for the diva, Sridevi equally had made a strong impact in Telugu films.The actress has acted in the lead with the best of the actors from the Telugu film industry taking from NTR, ANR, Krishna, Shobhan Babu to Chiranjeevi, Nagarjuna and Venkatesh.Sridevi has woven a magic wand of charm and cast an indelible impression on the Indian movie lover with English Vinglish . Apart from her Bollywood repertoire, the actress has an amazing list of Telugu movies, not to mention her Tamil movies where she sizzled equally emphatically. While English Vinglish is just the tip of the iceberg, as there are feature films in Telugu where her powerpacked acting skills won everyone's heart.Here's a list of Telugu movies which can be given a try:Padaharella Vayasu: A remake of the Tamil movie 16 Vayathinile , the film stars Rajinikanth and Chandramohan. An intense movie which sees the layers of performances by all the three actors, is definitely a watchable pick during relaxed weekends and if one wants to explore regional language movies. The song Sirimalle Puvva truly captures the imagination of a nubile young Indian girl.Kathika Deepam: This one definitely mentions a home screening. One - because of the cast - Sridevi and Sarada. While actor Shobhan Babu gets completely sidelined by the terrific yet subtle performances of the two leading ladies, the movie is gripping with its tight script and a good supporting cast.Jagadeka Veerudu Athiloka Sundaree: Paired opposite Mega Star Chiranjeevi, Sridevi lets all her charisma do the talking in the movie. There is chemistry, action, and of course, Amrish Puri as the devious villain. There are some not so impactful moments in the movie, but Sridevi makes it most watchable playing the role of an angel.Kshana Kshanam: This movie sees Sridevi in her acme - looks, beauty, charisma, talent and of course acting. Directed by Ram Gopal Verma , with victory Venkatesh in the lead, the movie witnesses Sridevi not only in her sensuous best but has scenes where she simply steals the show from everyone in the scene, including Paresh Rawal .Aakhari Poratam: A tad old one where one can see a young Sridevi indulge in some dream sequences with a very young Nagarjuna. The song from this film Tella Cheera was quite a rage once.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16998935", "title": "Author's life, works to come alive in book fair next year", "text": "KOLKATA: Despite his absence, The biggest star of contemporary Bengali literature, Sunil Gangopadhyay will rule the Kolkata Book Fair next year, despite his absence. The Kolkata Literary Meet, a high-profile literary event of the book fair on the lines of the Jaipur Literature Festival, will also celebrate the life and works of Gangopadhyay in its second edition. KLM was inaugurated jointly by Gangopadhyay and Vikram Seth last year.The Publishers and Booksellers Guild has in fact requested Seth to deliver the Sunil Gangopadhyay Memorial lecture at the inaugural session of the KLM and the author has confirmed his participation. Though Seth, presently in the US, is busy writing a book but he will still take time off since the lecture is being organised in the memory of one of his favourite authors.\"Seth has already agreed to be a part of the event and the Sunil Gangopadhyay Memorial lecture will now become a permanent fixture of the KLM,\" said Tridib Chattopadhyay, secretary of the Publishers and Booksellers Guild, the organiser of the book fair.Seth has been contacted by the organisers of KLM and according to officials of the Publishers and Booksellers Guild, the author has already agreed to deliver the Sunil Gangopadhyay memorial lecture at the inaugural session of the KLM. Seth is presently in the US and is busy writing a book but would still take time off to be here since the lecture is being organised in the memory of one of his favourite authors. \"Seth has already confirmed and the Sunil Gangopadhyay Memorial lecture will now become a permanent fixture of the KLM,\" said Tridib Chattopadhyay, secretary of the Publishers and Booksellers Guild, the organiser of the book fair.The best known contemporary authors of Bengali literature - Shirshendu Mukhopadhyay, Sanjib Chattopadhyay, Samaresh Majumdar and Shankar - will be present at the main auditorium of the book fair to deliver a series of lectures titled, 'Amar Chena Sunil (da)'. Celebrated authors from Bangladesh will also be present to talk about Gangopadhyay, since he was equally popular there. \"Imdadul Haq, Syed Shamsul Haq and Selina Hussain are the three authors from Bangladesh who will definitely come here to talk about Gangopadhyay,\" confirmed Chattopadhyay.While last year the different halls of the Milan Mela grounds were named after foreign authors, this year three halls will be named after Sunil Gangopadhyay, Syed Mustafa Siraj and Humayun Ahmed - the three doyens of Bengali literature. Bangladeshi author Humayun Ahmed passed away this year, the last one being from Bangladesh, whom we have lost this year.Gangopadhyay's contribution to literature will also be commemorated through an award to encourage promising youth authors. The Guild had instituted the award in 2009 at the insistence of Gangopadhyay. The award will now be re-christened as Sunil Sahitya Samman.Since 2009, an award was instituted by the Guild at the insistence of Gangopadhyay, to encourage promising young authors. That award will now be re-christened Sunil Sahitya Samman.This apart, a special Sunil Gangopadhyay corner will be set up at the fair to showcase the late author's life, works, collection of manuscripts, CDs containing poems recited by him, documentaries and the like.there will be a special Sunil Gangopadhyay corner to showcase his life and works. A collection of his manuscripts, both published and unpublished, CDs containing poems recited by Gangopadhyay, documentaries on him etc.A condolence meeting is being organised by Gangopadhyay's bereaved family and Krittibas, the seminal poetry magazine that he had started to encourage young poets, on November 4 at Rabindra Sadan. The Guild is also organising a condolence meeting on November 8.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16999486", "title": "Suspect identified in sub-inspector murder case", "text": "MADURAI: Police have identified a youth from Puthukulam village in Sivaganga district as the prime suspect in the murder of a sub-inspector on Saturday.Police said that Prabhu, a native of Puthukulam near Tirupachethi, was the one who stabbed the sub-inspector, Alwin Sudhan, on Saturday. Twenty-six others, including Prabhu's friends Bharathi, Ayyanar, Muthupandi and Kumar also hailing from the same village were also involved in the attack against the SI and two constables, police said. Based on a complaint from DSP Karunanidhi, a case of murder has been registered against them.\"All the assailants have been identified. They have fled the spot in a multi-utility vehicle and a motorcycle. The prime accused Prabhu is a known offender. He has about 11 cases pending against him including murder cases,\" said Sivaganga SP M Panneerselvam.Police said that even before Sudhan entered the scene, the assailants had picked up a quarrel with Karunanidhi and damaged police vehicles. Police have formed several special teams that have been sent across the region to nab the suspects. Police have also picked up a dozen men on suspicion and are interrogating them.Meanwhile, DGP K Ramanujam, who paid homage to Sudhan at the government hospital in Madurai where his body was handed over to his relatives after postmortem, said, that the assailants would be nabbed soon. \"It was an unfortunate incident,\" Ramanujam said. When asked about the inability of the policemen to defend themselves, Ramanujam said that there was an instruction that police should not use weapons on public to prevent untoward incidents. He also said that there was no instruction that policemen should not defend themselves from anti-social elements attacking them.Ramanujam said that there were rumours that the Sivaganga incident may spark unrest during the Pasumpon Muthuramalinga Thevar guru pooja in Ramanathapuram district. \"But that is not true. We have made adequate security arrangements in Ramanathapuram,\" he said.South zone IG Rajesh Das, Madurai commissioner of police Sanjay Mathur and state minister Sellur Raju paid tributes to Sudhan. His body was later taken to his native Kailasapuram village near Thisayanvilai in Tirunelveli district and cremated with state honours.State ministers Gokula Indira, Senthurpandian, Chellapandian and a number of police officials and politicians paid homage to him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16998525", "title": "ASI starts e-ticketing trial run for Taj Mahal", "text": "LUCKNOW: After witnessing a sudden surge in the number of tourists visiting the Taj Mahal, the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) has decided to start the e-ticketing facility. The trial run has just begun and till it gets fully functional, the authorities have decided to open extension counters at strategic places in the National Capital Region and Lucknow.Before Taj, the ASI had started an e-ticketing trial run for Qutub Minar. The month-long trial run ends on October 31. Officials at the ministry of culture said public entry into 116 monuments in the country, under the control of ASI is through tickets. Now, ASI wants to introduce e-ticketing at all monuments in a phased manner. This will not only help visitors but also ensure better accounting of revenue collection, store data on visitors and minimise the possibility of malpractices in the current manual system.Taj Mahal is the most sought after monument on the ASI list. In 2011, it saw over 21.48 lakh Indian and 3.40 lakh foreign visitors. Superintending archaeologist, Agra Circle, Navratna Kumar Pathak said, \"Though the plan (of e-ticketing) was being mulled, it became imperative to start it due to the sudden surge in the number of tourists after the opening of the expressway.\"Pathak said results of the trial run at Qutub Minar would pave way for implementation of the programme in Agra. \"After initial teething troubles, the system has picked up at Qutub Minar. So we are quite hopeful of a positive outcome,\" said the officer.The number of footfalls at the Taj Mahal has registered a manifold increase since the opening of the Noida-Agra expressway in August this year. Initially, the authorities in the Agra circle had set up additional counters near the monument but even they proved inadequate. As per the figures provided by ASI Agra Circle, more than 6.94 lakh tourists visited Agra between August 10 and September 10 this year including 6.36 lakh domestic and 58,246 foreign tourists. The data doesn't include children below 15 years and tickets sold from counters outside Agra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16999331", "title": "Two consume poison over illicit affair", "text": "VARANASI: Fifteen-year-old Savita died while her brother-in-law Sheetal is struggling for life after both of them consumed a poisonous substance in a Sikraul house under Cantonment police station on Sunday.According to reports, Ramesh Chauhan, a native of Sikraul married off one of his four daughters, Babita, to Sheetal of Alinagar area in Chandauli district three months ago. For the past three weeks, Sheetal and Babita had been residing at Chauhan's house. During their stay, Sheetal reportedly fell in love with his sister-in-law Savita.On Sunday morning, Sheetal and Savita consumed a poisonous substance. When the family noticed sharp deterioration in their health, they took the duo to Deendayal Upadhyaya district hospital where Savita was declared brought dead. The doctors referred Sheetal to a private hospital where his condition was stated to be critical.Molestation bid: The alertness of local residents helped rescue an 11-year-old girl as a youth was attempting to molest her near by-pass road under Ramnagar police station on Saturday night.According to reports, Leela (changed name) is a native of Janaki Nagar Colony under Bhelupur police station. A youth who visited her locality regularly asked her to sit on his motorcycle to go to the market for buying toffees. The girl followed his instructions but instead of taking her to the market, the youth took the girl to by-pass road where he tried to molest her at a lonely place. The girl raised an alarm after which the natives of nearby areas rushed to the spot.Sensing trouble, the youth fled from the scene leaving his motorcycle abandoned. After the girl provided mobile phone number of her parents, the local residents contacted them and also the matter to the police. Later, some local residents sent the girl and the youth's motorcycle to her house. On Sunday morning, the accused youth sent a friend to the house of the girl to bring the motorcycle back. Janaki Nagar natives thereby caught the friend and handed him over to the police at Mahmoorganj police outpost.Four members of chain snatching gang nabbed: Security personnel deployed inside Kashi Vishwanath temple complex succeeded in nabbing four women members of a chain snatchers gang on Sunday.According to reports, one Shakuntala devi of Patna in Bihar was standing in the queue of devotees to take part in the Bhog-Aarti of the temple when she sensed someone trying to steal her gold chain. She raised an alarm after which the security personnel deployed at the site swung into action.The cops eventually succeeded in nabbing four women who were identified as Aarti, Saroj, Savita and Sarita. During police interrogation, they confessed that they belonged to a gang engaged in snatching chains at temples and other places of public gathering.Man killed in road accident: A 60-year-old man died when a speeding SUV hit him near Lalpur under Cantonment police station on Sunday morning. According to reports, Uttam Chand, a local from the area, was crossing the road when the speeding vehicle hit him. When passersby detained the vehicle and its occupants, they assured the former that they would take Uttam to the hospital in the car and bear the cost of his treatment. However, they left Uttam at Deen Dayal Upadhyaya district hospital and fled. Uttam later succumbed to his injuries. Police were investigating the matter after sending the body for postmortem.Theft: Ornaments and other valuables worth over Rs one lakh were stolen from Vishwakarma temple in Daranagar area under Kotwali police station on Saturday night. According to reports, after the temple doors were closed on Saturday evening, thieves broke the ventilators to enter the temple premises late in the night and fled after stealing ornaments and other valuables. The incident came to light when the temple was opened on Sunday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16997794", "title": "1 killed, another injured in accident", "text": "INDORE: A 24-year-old man was killed and another sustained injuries when a pick-up van hit their mobike in Aerodrome area here on Sunday evening.The deceased was identified as Javed Khan, son of Manzur Khan. He was a resident of Chandan Nagar. The injured Saeed Khan was riding pillion on his mobike, police said.According to police, Javed was riding the bike with registration No. MP09 ME7759. The duo was coming towards Indore when the pick-up van MP09 GE2251 hit them. The van was coming from opposite side.Driver of the killer vehicle managed to escape from the scene after leaving the vehicle there. Police have impounded the vehicle and sent the body to district hospital for postmortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "17005205", "title": "It's time govt waives import duty on F1 race: FMSCI, JPSI", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: FMSCI, the national governing body for motor sport, on Monday said that time has come for the Indian government to understand the economic benefits which the Formula One race brings to the country and lend more support to the event by waiving the import duty on equipments that came along with it.The organisers -- Jaypee Sports International (JPSI) -- delivered another successful race on Sunday with the facilities coming in for praise from drivers as well as the F1 boss Bernie Ecclestone .However, the Indian government has never looked enthusiastic for the high-profile motor sport event and actually considers it a commercial venture of the JPSI.JPSI contributes Rs 10 crore every year towards the National Sports Development Fund, under the guidelines, to get necessary approval for the event.The Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India (ASSOCHAM) had also said that F1 race could generate revenues of over Rs 90,000 crore in the next 10 years and create 15 lakh new job opportunities for technical, skilled and commercial workers in the country.Federation of Motor Sports Club of India (FMSCI) President Vicky Chandhok, who is also a consultant for the F1 race, said the government should change its perception about the F1 race.\"There is huge improvement in tourism and everything else. It's time that our government look at it differently. It will take time. It's difficult in a country like ours, which is a huge democracy. It's difficult for people to accept or to understand how the economics work (in F1),\" Chandhok told PTI in an interview.\"The event is already on with or without government support. The government should independently make an evaluation of countries where the government is funding, how it has been economically beneficial for all,\" he said.A lot of expensive equipments, including the cars, tyres and fuel, come to the country and the organisers pay temporary import duty on the equipments on the condition that these will be re-exported.The estimated cost of F1 paddock runs into hundreds of crores and the organisers pay about Rs 8 crore as duty on goods which are consumed during the race, like wine and fuel.The teams are also wary of the customs rules in the country and McLaren technical director Paddy Lowe had even termed the Indian GP as the \"most awkward race of the year in terms of Customs issues\".JPSI says the central and the state governments of Delhi and Uttar Pradesh should promote the event since it attracts a lot of tourists and the benefits would go to them only.\"It's not just JPSI's event. It's India's event. So if tourists come, they stay in hotels, go around, do shopping, eat at restaurants. JPSI does not get that money, it goes to the several quarters including the government as there are some taxes that tourists pay,\" Askari Zaidi, Head of Communications for Jaypee Group, told PTI.\"The government should waive duty on consumable goods. Tourism ministry should also take interest in the race since it eventually attracts tourists to the country. We pay 10 crore towards Sports Development Fund and this money should be used in promoting motor sport in the country,\" he addedChandhok said it was baffling that the import duty was not levied on other international motor sport events in the country but things changed after the coming of F1.\"In the last 15-20 years, permission to hold international motor sport events was always granted without any duty being paid. After F1 they say, pay the import duty and when you export it (equipment) back, we will refund the money. They should waive it (import duty) and support the race,\" he said.Chandhok cited the example of many nations, where the government supports the event.\"In countries like Singapore, Australia, Canada, they pay rights fee because they see the long term benefits, so they try to make sure that the event is well funded.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16997437", "title": "UP man held with fake passport", "text": "HYDERABAD: The RGI Airport police on Sunday arrested a 23-year-old person hailing from Uttar Pradesh after he arrived here on a forged passport.S Rehman from Meerut in Uttar Pradesh had gone to Riyadh a few years ago to work as a driver. After working there for a few months, Rehman changed his job and the previous employer refused to return the passport. In his desperation to visit India, Rehman had approached a Bangladeshi agent in Riyadh and obtained a forged passport in the name of Syed Afsar from Nizamabad. The agent replaced the original photo on the passport with Rehman's photograph.As his residential address on the passport was Nizamabad town, Rehman landed at the RGI Airport to avoid suspicion at immigration check. However, the immigration staff found out the forgery and handed him over to the RGIA police. A case was booked against Rehman under the Indian Passport Act. He was remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17004255", "title": "IIT Gandhinagar students gear up for Kshitji", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Students of IIT Gandhinagar are all set to take part in the Kshitji to be held from February 1 to 4, 2013.About 1000 students from various institutes had taken part in the even held last year. IIT Kharagpur is to host annual techno-management fest, Kshitij, from 1 st to 4 th February, 2013. Since its inception in 2004, there has been no looking back for Kshitij. Starting out with a humble participation of a few hundred in its nascent years, Kshitij has grown by leaps and bounds to become the behemoth it is today. The fest has witnessed some of the brightest minds of their time compete amongst themselves to create wonders and reach new pinnacles of excellence. Kshitij 2012 saw a total participation of over 50,000 and an amount of INR 60 lacs was offered as prize money.With the noble agenda of providing a national-level platform for the students to showcase their technical and managerial prowess, Kshitij offers over 40 events encompassing 9 diverse genres. The numerous globally-reputed certifications like ACM, ASME, IMechE, IEEE and ASHRAE associated with its events stand testimony to the outstanding quality of participation in the fest.To participate in the fest the students need to register on the website, which happens to have the distinction of being India s largest student-run website. In fact, the site recorded a whopping 8 million hits last year. With a plethora of activities to enrich and illuminate your intellect, mingled with bouts of fun, Kshitij 2013 promises to leave you with a lifetime of memories.Moreover, team Kshitij has also be conducting workshops throughout the country, where participants will get to learn and hence enhance their skills in the field of robotics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16998263", "title": "Indian textile inspired German designer", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ever imagined how buildings would transform in the future? The pavilions at the ongoing Indo-German Urban Mela at Indraprastha Millennium Park, will give you a peep into how building designs will change to adapt to environmental challenges.Noted German installation artist Markus Heinsdorff, who designed the 16 pavilions, says his core inspiration was Indian textile and fabric. In fact he calls the pavilions \"textile structures of the future\".The pavilions are built with translucent fabric and allow natural light and air to flow inside and at night the light from the pavilions illuminate the area outside the structure. \"India is one of the best in textile design. The idea of a tent is also old and popular in India. I got a lot of material online about the two and then created ideas for these pavilions,\" says Markus. He spent a lot of time researching at the Indo-German library about the various kinds of Indian fabrics to give shape to his ideas. In the day, the pavilions don't need artificial light or air-conditioning, and hence save a lot of energy.\"My idea was to showcase this experiment and inspire other city architects. The future has to be sustainable and it's important that architects start ideating on the buildings for future,\" adds Markus. The individual components of the pavilions, which are made of steel, wood and textile, are recyclable.Universities in Germany have already started researching on such futuristic architecture. At Munich University, there is a course in 'Clima Design' that focuses on building engineering from the point of view of energy and indoor climate.Most pavilions at the Mela have a translucent outer wall and an inner wall. There is a small opening that allows air circulation. \"A lot traditional buildings have these aspects incorporated in them. We just need to learn from them. For instance, even though clay houses are some of the most comfortable spaces to live, they are mostly used by the poor. But now luxury hotels have also started using clay structures because they are sustainable,\" says Markus.Indian jewellery, gems and precious metals were also an inspiration for the pavilions. \"The precious stones are so bright and luminous and are an intimate part of India's art and fashion. I wanted the pavilions to look like colourful gems at night,\" says Markus.After the Mela winds up, there are more interesting projects in India that Markus is excited about. His dream is to design a 10-dollar house. \"I am already working on a low-cost house design in collaboration with the National Institute of Design (NID), Ahmedabad. We will soon develop a prototype,\" he adds. He uses cost-effective materials like jute, rice-straw and flexible membranes to create structures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17000156", "title": "Are gold prices likely to rise?", "text": "After several months of rallying, gold prices in the country have recently corrected, albeit marginally. After mid-May , when spot prices were hovering around the 28,000 per 10 g mark, gold prices got a booster shot from the depreciating rupee and crossed the 32,000 mark in mid-September , despite a fall in international gold prices. The prices in the country continued on their upward trajectory, mainly due to the sharp depreciation of the rupee against the dollar. However, prices have declined since then as the rupee has witnessed a turnaround over the past few weeks.What lies in store for gold?Central banks across the world are still experimenting with stimulus measures to prop up their respective economies. Such actions will result in currencies losing value and, consequently, add lustre to gold. For instance, the European Central Bank has promised to buy an unlimited quantum of Euro bonds in the future . Chirag Mehta, fund manager, Quantum Gold Fund, says, \"As global central banks continue to debase their respective currencies, the inevitable consequence will be higher prices of gold, which will merely reflect the diminishing purchasing power of the global fiat currencies.\"Risks remainThere appears to be no respite from the global economic uncertainties. Even though fears over Europe's debt contagion have eased for now, the risk of a blowout remains. The US economy continues to grapple with a persistent slowdown, while China is witnessing a decline in growth. All this should bode well for gold, believes Raviprakash Sharma, fund manager, SBI gold fund. \"The fundamental drivers for higher gold prices still remain in place and make a case for portfolio allocation towards the asset class,\" he adds.However, the rupee will play a crucial role in how gold prices move in the domestic market. Lalit Nambiar, fund manager, UTI Gold ETF, says, \"It is tough to predict but the rupee is likely to hold at these levels for some time. A slight depreciation in the rupee and pick-up in gold buying will help push gold prices higher.\" Renisha Chainani, commodity analyst, capital markets, Edelweiss Financial Services, says, \"The recent consolidation in gold prices is healthy in the context of a sustained bull market . Investors should consider every dip as a buying opportunity.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16999258", "title": "Illegal for minority govt to hold on to power: Trinamool", "text": "KOLKATA: The Trinamool Congress refused to see any benefit for Bengal in three leaders from the state being sworn in as Union ministers on Sunday, training its guns instead on the \"minority\" government surviving on the \"kitchen politics\" of Mulayam Singh Yadav and Mayawati.Questioning the constitutional propriety of UPA-2 holding on to power at a press conference hours after the swearing-in ceremony at Rashtrapati Bhavan, senior Trinamool minister Subrata Mukherjee demanded President Pranab Mukherjee's intervention. \"The President should ask the government to prove its majority first. More than that, the government should prove it has the confidence of the house. This (the continuance of the government) is illegal and unconstitutional.\"Mukherjee argued UPA-2 had come to power based on a letter of support to the President by the Trinamool. \"We have since withdrawn support by a formal letter. Let me add, Mayawati and Mulayam's kitchen politics is no alternative to formal support. Did they write to the President about it? This (outside support) can work for passing bills in the House but not running the government. The President should intervene,\" he said, adding such Cabinet reshuffles would \"give a fillip to horse-trading later\". \"It is not too long back that we witnessed currency notes being flung in the House. There will only be a repeat this time around,\" Mukherjee said, referring to the cash-for-votes scandal during the trust vote on the Indo-US nuclear deal during UPA-1.Former railway minister Mukul Roy found the reshuffle an \"exercise in futility\". \"This government is in minority. No representative from its purported allies, who are expected to bail it out, figured in the Cabinet reshuffle. Instead of indulging in such gimmicks, they should first seek the mandate of the people. It isn't right to comment on individuals, for we believe the party they represent shouldn't hold on to power illegally a minute longer,\" Roy told TOI.Trinamool MP Saugata Roy , who resigned as minister of state for urban development last month, wasn't impressed by another leader from Bengal, Congress MP Deepa Das Munshi, filling that chair. \"West Bengal has been thoroughly deprived in the Cabinet reshuffle. West Bengal had two most important leaders (Pranab Mukherjee and Mamata Banerjee) in the Union Cabinet in 2009. Now, it has none,\" Roy said. \"The purpose behind the selection of three Congress leaders from Bengal as ministers of state is to disturb the Trinamool. But their purpose will not be served. They won't be able to disturb or weaken the Trinamool or throw any challenge to the party,\" he added.Subrata Mukherjee claimed the induction of the Congress ministers was aimed at creating trouble in North Bengal. \"Earlier, these leaders had called Trinamool leaders 'half-pant ministers'. We do hope now they wear these discarded half-pants, so that they can do something for Bengal. But it is disappointing that Bengal, which earlier had two Cabinet ministers of the stature of Pranab Mukherjee and Mamata Banerjee , didn't get a single Cabinet minister for its 10 crore people,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17001902", "title": "I didn\u2019t know Anjali was so depressed: Sunil Agnihotri", "text": "Producer-director Sunil Agnihotri is in a state of shock since his 42-year-old wife Anjali committed suicide at her Khar residence on October 26. TOI spoke to himHow is the family coping with this terrible tragedy? We're in a state of shock. Nobody who knew my wife Anju believes she's gone. More than me, my children are numbed by shock. I didn't know she was feeling so lonely. I was busy with scripting at my farm in Panvel.Was there no one else at home when it happened? There were carpenters working in the house. My mother is 80 and has recently undergone a heart surgery. She sits quietly in her room. No one ever imagined what my wife had in mind.Didn't you call and check on her? I always did. But for three days, I was busy penning the script along with my writers at my farm. I didn't call her for one whole day.That's hardly reason to take one's life! When my younger son came home from the gym and saw his mother in that state, he immediately called me. Before he went to the gym, she had been so normal. She gave no hint of what she was going to do. In fact, we were all planning a month-long holiday to the US from December 22.So why did your wife break the rhythm of life so abruptly? I don't know why she did this. She should've been happy that all her children are settled in life. At 22, my older son is a pilot. At 20, my younger son is assisting me. And our daughter has just started working in a TV channel. Perhaps we miscalculated the extent of her attachment to the family. She must have thought that her family has moved on.Apparently your wife left a note saying she loved you, her children and her mother-in-law. What made her take such a drastic decision then? I'll spend the rest of my life trying to find out the answer to that question. Anju was the best wife and mother in the world. Such a livewire; if you see her videos, she would dance to music and cook in the kitchen.But all of us have to deal with our children growing up and moving on! The problem was, Anju was more a friend and less a mother to her children. She used to play games with them till late in the night. All the time, there was laughter and happiness in the house. When all the children started working, she must have felt alone.Why didn't she tell you she felt lonely? I don't know. Maybe she didn't want to burden me. She never gave me an inkling of her depression. Only now I got to know that she had told a friend, \"My entire family is busy with their own lives. Then what is the purpose of my life?\" Why didn't she tell me she felt this way? If I had the slightest hint of what was bothering her, I would have done something about it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16999959", "title": "\u2018No toilet, no bride\u2019 is old mantra in Tamil Nadu", "text": "CHENNAI: Six months ago, when B Loganayaki was seeking a bride for her brother she was baffled by the questions posed. \"Most parents asked if there was a toilet in our house,\" said the panchayat federation leader from Kothambakkam in Tiruvallur. \"Three even insisted on checking.\"Many may feel Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh's 'no toilet, no bride' mantra is a fresh idea. But it has been in vogue for sometime in rural Tamil Nadu , partly due to campaigns by NGOs.S Elango, former panchayat president of a village in Tiruvallur said, \"This is particularly true of educated girls in villages. In some cases, the groom's family builds a toilet with no persuasion whatsoever from the bride's family.\"Sheelu, president of a women's collective, said people in towns and peri-urban areas are used to sanitation facilities.\"When they approach a prospective groom from a village, they like to ensure the house has a toilet,\" she said. \"In coastal districts like Nagapattinam, all houses reconstructed after the 2004 tsunami have attached toilets and the habit of open defecation is no longer prevalent. These residents insist on toilets when they look for grooms.\"Karaikal district women fishworkers association president K Vedavalli added, \"A year ago, my niece and her parents came from Nagapattinam to Kilinjalmedu, to meet a prospective groom. But there was no toilet in their house. So my niece's family rejected him and she married another man in Cuddalore whose house had all modern amenities.\"Later, the family of the rejected man built a toilet and resumed the search for a bride. \"Now he too is married,\" added Vedavalli.It's not just educated people who insist on the groom's house having a toilet. S Dhanapadyam, an agricultural labourer in Trichy district, envisaged something similar for her daughter Vanitha.\"When my current son-in-law approached me for my daughter's hand, I said I was unwilling to accept the alliance as he had no toilet in his house,\" she said.\"He didn't protest. He went back to his village in Musiri, built a toilet and returned to ask for her hand again.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16998095", "title": "Teacher education system to usher in sweeping reforms", "text": "PUNE: The Central Advisory Board on Education (CABE) will meet on November 1 to take a final call on a slew of proposed reforms in the teacher education system. The sweeping reforms were recommended by a Supreme Court-appointed high-powered commission under former Chief Justice of India J S Verma.Bringing teacher education under the higher education system, a policy framework for in-service teacher educators, enhancing duration of teacher education programmes, a teacher education assessment and accreditation centre and an organisational restructuring of the National Council for Teacher Education (NCTE) are some of the key reforms. The NCTE is the regulatory body for teacher education in the country.The Justice Verma Commission's recommendations form a part of the agenda for the impending meeting of the CABE, which is the highest advisory body for central and state governments on matters related to education and is headed by the human resource development (HRD) minister.On October 10, the Supreme Court bench of Justices G S Singhvi and S J Mukhopadhaya passed an order stating that the high-powered commission's recommendations \"deserve to be accepted\". The commission had submitted its report to the apex court on August 29. The bench has given two months time to the Union government and the NCTE to file affidavits indicating the steps proposed to be taken for implementing the commission's recommendations.The genesis of the Verma Commission report lies in the legal row over the NCTE's Bhopal-based western regional committee's (WRC) order granting recognition to 291 diploma in education (D.Ed) institutions in Maharashtra in 2008. A public interest litigation was filed against the WRC's order in the Nagpur bench of the Bombay high court.On January 7, 2009, the high court bench had quashed the WRC's order on the grounds that the grant of recognition to the 291 DEd institutions was in breach of the HRD ministry's directive that required the WRC to refer the applications of these institutions to the NCTE headquarters.The ministry's directive, issued under Section 29 of the NCTE Act, was spurred by the Maharashtra government's categorical request to the Union government against granting any new B.Ed/D.Ed institution in the state. The supply of trained elementary teachers was already far in excess of the demand for such teachers, the state had said in its request to the Centre.A couple of special leave petitions (SLPs) were filed later in the Supreme Court by the WRC-recognised institutions that felt aggrieved by the high court order. The apex court allowed these institutions to admit students to D.Ed course while taking a view that the issued raised in the SLPs were of 'considerable public importance'.Issues related to the limited powers of the NCTE vis-a-vis issuing directives to the regional committees and the need for having apt policy framework for teacher educators, norms and standards etc. were debated in the apex court.On May 13, 2011, the Supreme Court bench of justices G S Singhvi and A K Ganguly appointed a nine-member high-powered commission under the chairmanship of former CJI J S Verma to examine the entire gamut of issues which have a bearing on improving the quality of teacher education as well as improving the regulatory functions of the NCTE.The terms of references (ToRs), set by the Union government for the commission, which was notified on June 27, 2011, called for a review of the regulations on recognition norms and procdure adopted by the NCTE for various teacher education courses.Among other things, the ToRs also referred to reforms needed for improving quality of teacher education, a fair and transparent manner of implmenting norms and standards, existing practice of appointment of council members, teacher performance and audit of teachers, provisions empowering withdrawal of recognition to institutes and methodology for examining and enforcing quality in institutions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16999641", "title": "Only 1,004 village libraries in Bihar", "text": "PATNA: It may sound strange but it's a fact that about 3,000 village libraries in Bihar have been closed during the past three decades for want of funds. There were over 4,000 village libraries in the state during 1980s, but the number has now come down to 1,004 only.Most of the village libraries are in appalling condition. They lack basic reading materials, necessary infrastructure and professionally qualified librarians. Most of them have no funds even for daily newspapers, what to talk about new books and periodicals.The Planning Commission guidelines suggest that there should be at least one village library for a population of 1,000. In Bihar, there is hardly one library for a population of one lakh.The panchayati raj envisages setting up of one library in every panchayat. This will require opening of at least 10,000 new libraries in the state. One wonders who will take the initiative for setting up such a large number of libraries and where will they get the funds from, asks retired political science professor of Patna University, Bachoo Sinha.At present, the per capita annual expenditure on library books in the state is only one paisa. The state, with a population of more than 10 crore, spends a meagre Rs 10 lakh per year on purchase of books.Educationists say there is direct correlation between the minimal expenditure on libraries and low literacy rate. In Kerala, where literacy rate is more than 95%, over three per cent of the education budget is spent on libraries. In Bihar, the ratio of the education budget that goes to libraries is only 0.01%, said former PU librarian Ugra Mohun Thakur.The Raja Ram Mohun Roy Foundation, Kolkata, provides matching grant to the states for purchasing library books every year. While Uttar Pradesh sanctions a matching grant of Rs 1 crore, West Bengal and Madhya Pradesh sanction matching grants of Rs 90 lakh and Rs 80 lakh, respectively. Bihar sanctions only Rs 10 lakh for the grant-in-aid libraries.There are six divisional libraries located at Gaya, Bhagalpur, Saharsa, Chhapra, Darbhanga and Muzaffarpur, each of them getting Rs 50,000 annually. Each of the 19 district libraries receives Rs 26,000 while each of 11 subdivision libraries gets Rs 18,000 per annum.RJD MP Raghuvansh Prasad Singh had recently regretted that all the libraries opened during the freedom struggle, or even later, were languishing and many of them were on the verge of closure. Singh had said the internet could not be alternative to books, and that the younger generation must know that they could increase their knowledge and acquire balanced information only with quality books. He said the Bihar government had passed a legislation four years back on revamping libraries in the state, but very little could be done to improve the condition of libraries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16999455", "title": "Century-old rail dream gets a red signal", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The century-old dream of the state to lay the shortest rail line from Kerala to Karnataka through the Nilambur-Nanjangud route has become a casualty with the Union ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) declaring the areas surrounding the Bandipur National Park as an eco-sensitive zone (ESZ).The proposed Rs 3,384-crore project faced a major setback at a time when the railway board approved the survey and was awaiting the nod from the planning commission. The 236-km railway line would have made the Kochi-Mysore journey shorter by around 300km.Stung by the decision, the Nilgiri-Wayanad Railway NH action committee is set to challenge the MoEF notification in the Supreme Court. Action council office bearers said that the notification would scuttle the project for ever. The MoEF had acted out of its ambit by ordering a blanket ban on any railway project in the area, which would be challenged by filing an additional affidavit.The notification, which has brought 7.78km around the Bandipur National Park and Tiger Reserve under ESZ, has specifically banned 'railways, underground pipelines and ropeways', in the protected area. Convener of the action council T M Rasheed said the rail line will help protect wildlife by drastically reducing traffic through the four roads, including two national highways and two state highways, currently crisscrossing the park.\"At present there are 136 km of roads running through the forest. In contrast, the survey carried out by the railway board states that only 11km of rail line in the Nilambur-Nanjangud route will pass through the forest. Most of this is proposed to be covered by setting up 30 over bridges which would make the 11km railway line to serve as an environmental-friendly alternative to the roads in the same forest. We are ready to support the night traffic ban if it becomes a reality,\" he added. The Nilambur-Nanjangud rail is one of the most delayed projects in the country. The first survey for the project was carried out in 1883 by the Mysore government. Later, the British administration carried out four surveys and the 1921 survey listed 26 lines in priority order for south India. In the order of urgency, item no.6 was Shornur-Nilambur line with future extension to Mananthavady (Wayanad) with connection to Nanjangud (Mysore).The latest survey was carried out in 2009 and approved by the railway board in 2010. The planning commission had asked the railways to work out the financial and operational arrangement as the rate of return had been pegged at -6.9. The planning commission said it was economically unviable and sent a reply stating appropriate financing might be worked out by the ministry of railways in consultation with the ministry of finance.But rail action committee leaders said that financial viability was not a problem as Indian Railways Vision 2020 proposed to add 25,000km of new lines and of this at least 10,000km had been earmarked as \"socially desirable lines\", regardless of their economic viability in the short term.\"The Nilambur-Nanjangud rail falls under the category of socially desirable lines as it meets all the criteria, including passing through a district unconnected by railwayscontributing to development of tribal and backward communities and fostering national integration by being the only rail line surveyed by the Railway Board which passes through three states,\" Rasheed said. It is also stated that the Supreme Court in Godavarman Thirumalpad Vs Union of India case had ruled that railway lines could be drawn through national parks and it was desirable to draw it through underground passages or over bridges. in national parks.Malabar Rail Users Association general secretary C E Chakkunny said that the MoEF notification would further complicate the approvals for the rail line which had been in the waiting for over a century.Kozhikode: The century-old dream of the state to lay the shortest rail line from Kerala to Karnataka through the Nilambur-Nanjangud route has become a casualty with the Union ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) declaring the areas surrounding the Bandipur National Park as an eco-sensitive zone (ESZ).The proposed Rs 3,384-crore project received a major setback at a time when the railway board had approved the survey and was awaiting the nod from the planning commission for the project. The 236-km railway line would have made the Kochi-Mysore journey shorter by around 300km.Stung by the decision, the Nilgiri-Wayanad Railway NH Action Committee is all set to challenge the MoEF notification in the Supreme Court. Action council office bearers told TOI that the notification would scuttle the project for ever. They said that MoEF has acted out of its ambit by ordering a blanket ban on any railway project in the area which will be challenged by filing an additional affidavit before the SC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16997148", "title": "Illegal for minority govt to hold on to power: Trinamool", "text": "KOLKATA: The Trinamool Congress refused to see any benefit for Bengal in three leaders from the state being sworn in as Union ministers on Sunday, training its guns instead on the \"minority\" government surviving on the \"kitchen politics\" of Mulayam Singh Yadav and Mayawati.Questioning the constitutional propriety of UPA-2 holding on to power at a press conference hours after the swearing-in ceremony at Rashtrapati Bhavan, senior Trinamool minister Subrata Mukherjee demanded President Pranab Mukherjee's intervention. \"The President should ask the government to prove its majority first. More than that, the government should prove it has the confidence of the house. This (the continuance of the government) is illegal and unconstitutional.\"Mukherjee argued UPA-2 had come to power based on a letter of support to the President by the Trinamool. \"We have since withdrawn support by a formal letter. Let me add, Mayawati and Mulayam's kitchen politics is no alternative to formal support. Did they write to the President about it? This (outside support) can work for passing bills in the House but not running the government. The President should intervene,\" he said, adding such Cabinet reshuffles would \"give a fillip to horse-trading later\". \"It is not too long back that we witnessed currency notes being flung in the House. There will only be a repeat this time around,\" Mukherjee said, referring to the cash-for-votes scandal during the trust vote on the Indo-US nuclear deal during UPA-1.Former railway minister Mukul Roy found the reshuffle an \"exercise in futility\". \"This government is in minority. No representative from its purported allies, who are expected to bail it out, figured in the Cabinet reshuffle. Instead of indulging in such gimmicks, they should first seek the mandate of the people. It isn't right to comment on individuals, for we believe the party they represent shouldn't hold on to power illegally a minute longer,\" Roy told TOI.Trinamool MP Saugata Roy , who resigned as minister of state for urban development last month, wasn't impressed by another leader from Bengal, Congress MP Deepa Das Munshi, filling that chair. \"West Bengal has been thoroughly deprived in the Cabinet reshuffle. West Bengal had two most important leaders (Pranab Mukherjee and Mamata Banerjee) in the Union Cabinet in 2009. Now, it has none,\" Roy said. \"The purpose behind the selection of three Congress leaders from Bengal as ministers of state is to disturb the Trinamool. But their purpose will not be served. They won't be able to disturb or weaken the Trinamool or throw any challenge to the party,\" he added.Subrata Mukherjee claimed the induction of the Congress ministers was aimed at creating trouble in North Bengal. \"Earlier, these leaders had called Trinamoo leaders 'half-pant ministers'. We do hope now they wear these discarded half-pants, so that they can do something for Bengal. But it is disappointing that Bengal, which earlier had two Cabinet ministers of the stature of Pranab Mukherjee and Mamata Banerjee , didn't get a single Cabinet minister for its 10 crore people,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16997909", "title": "Detailed information on land a click away", "text": "INDORE: Getting information about land available to investors in the state for setting up of plants is now just a click away. MP government, which is holding the three-day Global Investors Summit (GIS) in Indore in association with CII, has developed information kiosks to provide such information. The kiosks have been installed at various venues of the event.Talking to ToI, MP industry commissioner R K Chaturvedi, said, \"The touchscreen kiosk provides direct access to investors participating in the event. The investors are evincing deep interest in government land which was available to them at a cost much lower than that offered by private-owners.\"As of the now, the kiosk has been developed for 39 districts of the state. Apart from it, we have also compiled the info in the form of a booklet which runs into 15 columns, added Chaturvedi.\"We have identified land measuring 19,705 hectare in 39 districts of MP of which land measuring 8,000 hectare has been demarcated for industrial purpose,\" he added.The kiosks also provide detailed information on topics like khasra numbers, village names, types of land, distance of the site from the nearby railway stations, airports and cities. It also provides info on availability of water reservoir and presence of minerals surrounding the site, Chaturvedi added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16998939", "title": "Online system fails to solve passport glitch", "text": "KOLKATA: Passport Seva Kendra (PSK), the internet-based system to issue passports, was introduced earlier this year to bring about a \"revolution\" and cut down the delivery time significantly. But a reality check proves the system has not only fallen flat on its face, it has further complicated the process.Few applicants TOI spoke to revealed how they were going through the grind over the last few months to get their passports done. Serampore-resident Ratna Banerjee, for example, had applied for her passport on July 7, 2011. Since then, she has submitted her personal particulars (PP) form thrice , in spite of Serampore police completing the verifying process on August 10 last year.\"At the Regional passport Office (RPO) in Kolkata, I was asked to submit the PP form once again. On March 7, the RPO asked me to resubmit the form along with photographs. I need to go to the US. My son needs me there immediately. But I am struggling to get my passport done for the last 18 months,\" she complained.Similarly, Soma Bose from Siliguri applied for her passport on March 22 last year. Since she needed it urgently for her new job, she checked the status regularly. But every time she was told that the police verification was pending. Bose then took the trouble to visit the RPO on November 11 and found the RPO had received the police verification report on July 4. \"But I am yet to receive the passport. I have lost all hope,\" she fumed.After the PSK failed to run a fool-proof online passport issuance system, the RPO decided to run the manual system simultaneously. But the continuous interface between the two systems resulted in utter confusion. The situation could not be tackled even after a mini PSK started functioning at Berhampore.\"Police verification process within the stipulated time still remains a distant dream. Even now, a messenger carries the police report from the district office to the RPO. All the government offices were supposed to get connected with the RPO by the state-wide-area network (SWAN). Except Kolkata, no other district enjoys the facility,\" said a passport officer.According to the normal procedure, the RPO forwards an application to either the security control office or the district Intelligence Branch, which, after a physical verification of the applicant, is supposed to alert three offices - the local police station, the Special Branch and the criminal records section in Lalbazar or the district police. Rarely does an applicant escape paying a bribe to the police. A bribe doesn't guarantee that the police verification report will reach the passport office quickly. With the formation of the commissionerate, the process has been complicated further.Officials felt the RPO has serious infrastructural lapses to serve the entire region. The Kolkata RPO caters to 19 districts of Bengal, five of Tripura and four of Sikkim. \"Lakhs of applications are bound to flow in at the Kolkata RPO. But vacancies have not been filled since long. Shortage of staff and proper work environment are bound to create a backlog of pending cases,\" said an official. The police, however, pass the buck on to the applicants, claiming that wrong information provided by them was responsible for the delay.The Kolkata RPO is now working both as the back office of PSK and also the receiving and processing centre for manual applications. With the failure of online system, there has been a tremendous rush of applicants with manual applications. This has only made the whole system collapse further.Ratna Banerjee, a resident of Serampore, applied for his passport on July 7, 2011. Her application status on the passport portal still shows that police report is incomplete and is being examined. But in reality on August 10, Serampore police station completeled the verification. Subsequently, on November 16, she checked out with the DIB (district intelligence branch) and found that the OK report was despatched to Regional Passport office (RPO) by Chinsurah district headquarters. In January this year she visited the RPO. \"There I was asked to submit the personal particular (PP) form once more for verification. On March 7, she was asked by RPO to resubmit PP form along with photographs. My son stays in US and my presence at his place is urgent. Today, I feel harassed and despondent,\" she said.Soma Bose of Siliguri applied for passport on March 22. She needed it urgently as her new job profile required the passport. She regularly checked out the status and found that police verification was pending. She then took all the trouble to visit the RPO, Kolkata on November 11 and found that the RPO had received the police verification report on July 4. \"But I am yet to receive the passport. I have lost all hope. \"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "tirunelveli", "code": "16999483", "title": "Farmer poisons peacocks to death for straying into his field", "text": "TIRUNELVELI: A dozen peacocks were poisoned to death by a farmer near Pavoorchathram in Tirunelveli district on Saturday evening, raising concern over the protection of the national bird.Peacock, the national bird, is protected under Schedule I of the Wildlife Protection Act and its killing is strictly prohibited. Forest officials ordered a probe into the incident. Police said that besides peacocks, more than three dozen pigeons also died after eating grains laced with poison. Forest officials have secured the carcasses of the birds and have launched a search for the farmer who has fled the village after the incident.Police said that Panneer (50), a farmer from Poolangulam village had raised a nursery of paddy in his farm at adjoining Melakrishnaperi village. In a bid to prevent peacocks from eating away the seeds, he had left paddy laced with poison around the nursery.Late on Saturday, villagers found plumes of the bird strewn around the farm. On suspicion, they went around the farm and found that as many as 12 adult peacocks died and their carcasses were lying there. Besides, a number of pigeons owned by Franics Xavier of Krishnaperi village were also found dead after they consumed the poisonous grains. The villagers informed the village head, who in turn informed the forest officials. The villagers told the forest officials that Panneer was expressing his angst against peacocks for eating away the seeds in his farms. They however admitted that the birds were causing much hardship for the farmers as they damage the crops and devour the grains.Forest officials rushed to the spot and secured all the carcasses and sent them for a postmortem. \"We have warned the villagers against poisoning the birds. Instead, we told them they could erect fences to prevent the birds from entering their fields,\" said a forest official.Though peacocks, being poached for their meat had been curtailed to a large extent, there have been several incidents of poisoning of birds by farmers in a bid to protect their crops. The growing intolerance of farmers for peacocks has become a cause of concern for the forest department personnel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16998311", "title": "When Gagan Narang became the flag-bearer by default", "text": "The choice for 2011 was so much easier. Bernie Ecclestone had picked Sachin Tendulkar to wave the chequered flag and it was a done deal. In its second year, the Indian Grand Prix organizers wanted ex-sport minister Ajay Maken first and then Bollywood star Hrithik Roshan .When both of them declined, the officials at Jaypee Sports International Limited (JPSI) decided to take the safe route. Of all the Indian Olympians invited for the race, only bronze medal-winning shooter Gagan Narang had confirmed his presence.Narang, as a result, was immediately handed the honour of waving the chequered flag on Sunday.Asked why double Olympic medallist Sushil Kumar or silver medallist Vijay Kumar , who were also present for the race, were not given the honour, a senior JPSI official told TOI, \"Narang was the only one who had confirmed his presence. We couldn't wait any longer and gave him the honour. Of course, we would have preferred Sushil or Vijay to do the honours but they hadn't confirmed they would come.\"The official said Hrithik had declined at the last moment. \"Hrithik had attended one of our F1 after-parties at LAP last night but communicated his inability to come to the race,\" the official said.Bhajji roots for Prancing HorseHarbhajan Singh was one of the first cricketers to arrive to Buddh International Circuit. The Mumbai Indians skipper walked in around half past noon and headed straight for the pitlane. The off-spinner said he had come to the track to cheer on F1 title contender Fernando Alonso. \"I have always been a fan of Ferrari as a team and I also love Alonso. I really hope he puts up a good show,\" Bhajji said.Harbhajan was interested in the behind-the-scenes activity at an F1 race. \"I was here to attend the race last year too and really impressed by the hard work and team effort put in by every one,\" he said. Bhajji was joined by Yuvraj Singh and 'good friend' Geeta Basra in the paddock a little later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16999570", "title": "Police to check model's finances", "text": "MUMBAI: Investigators probing the murder of model Bidushi Dash Barde are looking into her financial records to ascertain whether heavy borrowings could have cost Bidushi her life. Barde was found dead at her rented flat in Andheri (W) on Monday, with glass shards poking out of her face, chin, neck and jaw. Based on forensic findings, the DN Nagar police registered a murder case.Cops will now go through Bidushi's diaries and phone books to get in touch with every single person connected with her life. \"We have recorded more than two dozen statements already and intend to quiz every person who knew her,\" an officer said.Bidushi owed Rs 60,000 to a hotelier in Andheri for unpaid food bills. She had also borrowed Rs 25,000 from a model coordinator. \"We are trying to ascertain if she had borrowed from a moneylender and whether any of her creditors are connected with her death,\" the officer added.Investigators are still unsure whether Bidushi's death is a case of murder or an accident and they believe that the key to the mystery is the man spotted inside her house.\"A domestic help, Ambubai Lavte, who works in another flat in Bidushi's complex, had seen the man entering Bidushi's house at 9.30am. She had also seen a newspaper lying on the floor. But when Bidushi's husband, Kedar, returned home, the newspaper was back in its place,\" said a senior officer.\"However, Forensic experts have concluded that Bidushi died around 10.30am, while the mystery man was seen inside her house at 9.30am,\" the officer added. Kedar has been questioned many times since the incident and hasn't been given a clean chit yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17000339", "title": "Indian junior shuttlers bounce back in World Championships", "text": "NAGPUR: After losing to Thailand 0-5 on Friday which put them out of medal contention, India did well in the play-offs in the BWF World Junior (U-19) Badminton Championships at Chiba, Japan on Saturday.India defeated Philippines 3-0 and Singapore 3-1 to keep alive their hopes of finishing in the top-10. India will take on Germany in their final mixed team championships tie on Sunday.RESULTSIndia bt Philippines 3-0 (T Hemanagendra Babu-B Venkatesh bt Gerald Sibayan-Carlos Antonie Cayanan 23-21, 21-18; G Ruthvika Shivani bt Malvinne Ann Venice Alcala 21-13, 15-21, 21-14; Rohit Yadav bt John Kenneth Monterubio 21-12, 21-14). India bt Singapore 3-1 (B Venkatesh-G Gopi Raju bt Muhd Asraf Ishak-Zin Rei Ryan Ng 18-21, 21-17, 27-25; Ruthvika Shivani lost to Jia Min Yeo 23-25, 21-18, 18-21; Pratul Joshi bt Kwang Ting Sean Lee 23-21, 21-14; K Maneesha-Aarthi Sara Sunil bt Jin Feng Fiona Seah-Fui Jin Chong 21-11, 13-21, 21-16).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16998621", "title": "'Vitamin D protects body from osteoporosis'", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The intake of vitamin D, along with calcium and physical exercise, is a great boost for the human body. Hundreds of studies now link vitamin D deficiency with significantly higher rates of many forms of cancer, as well as heart disease, osteoporosis, multiple sclerosis, aid doctors while addressing a CME organized by Indian Menopause Society Allahabad Chapter.Vitamin D, also called the 'sunshine vitamin' because human skin can synthesize it in the sun, is also crucial for bone health. Vitamin D helps our bodies absorb calcium, making it more available for bone building, said secretary, Allahabad chapter of Indian Menopause Society and infertility expert, Dr Vandana Bansal. Prof Ragini Mehrotra discussed the importance of nutrition and physical activity in prevention of osteoporosis. She said the best way to prevent osteoporosis is to ensure adequate intake of calcium (1,000 to 1,2000 mg per day depending on age) and vitamin D, which helps the body to absorb calcium. Weight-bearing exercise is another great way to strengthen bones and prevent osteoporosis.Walking, jogging and running, climbing stairs or aerobics are for the biggest benefits. Dr Mehrotra said weight bearing activities, resistance training, postural training, low impact aerobic exercise, balance training, flexibility and ROM are the exercises through which one can prevent osteoporosis. In the beginning of the CME, message of the national president of IMS Dr Meeta was read out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17000640", "title": "Committee will ensure transparency in selection process", "text": "MANGALORE: The Dakshina Kannada district administration's move to make the selection process of district Rajyothsava awardees transparent is expected to give no room for controversies.From this year onwards a committee chaired by additional deputy commissioner KA Dayanand will finalize the list of awardees and all proposals will be scrutinized by the members of the committee. Following are the committee members : Dakshina Kannada District Kannada Sahitya Parishat (KSP) president Pradeep Kumar Kalkura, Mangalore City Corporation commissioner Harish Kumar, Kannada and culture department assistant director Mangala Nayak and district information officer K Rohini.Deputy commissioner NS Channappa Gowda told TOI that the committee will choose the award winners in a transparent manner. \"All proposals will be scrutinized by the committee. The committee will also take the decision on the number of achievers to be chosen for the award this year,\" he added.KSP president Pradeep Kumar Kalkura said that the committee is in the process of selecting the winners.\"We held several meetings to discuss about the selection process. We have plans to finalize the list of award winners by Tuesday,\" he said adding that the committee is planning to limit the total number of awardees to 15.\"I have suggested that experts in various fields also be invited and their suggestions should be sought before announcing the final list of awardees,\" Kalkura said.In 2011, a section of people had raised objections with criticism about the manner in which awardees were chosen. Kalkura said that there is no room for controversy this year. \"Only those who could not qualify for the award raised objections and levelled allegations. Parishat was finalizing the list of achievers for the award through a committee comprising taluk sahitya parishat presidents earlier,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16997864", "title": "Govt to help industries in training, absorbing women", "text": "JAIPUR: In an effort to empower women and make them self reliant, the Rajasthan government has started \"women employment cum training scheme\" in the state. The project targets women from marginalized group by providing them skilled training through contracts with the industries.The state government will engage private, small and medium enterprises, non-government organizations and other manufacturing units in the initiative. The selected firms by the industry department will undertake the training of women for three months and on completion of the training, it will be mandatory for the firms to absorb 60% of the workforce.Though scheme is open for everybody but women form marginalized group, Scheduled Caste, Scheduled Tribes, widows and differently abled will be given preference. The only eligibility criterion is to be of 18 years or more.\"Our aim is to increase employment among women especially from the rural areas in Rajasthan. So, the government is getting into a setup where private companies will provide skilled training and then recruit the workforce. The government will provide 25% of the salary to selected females for a year and a tool kit worth Rs 1500 which will help them in their professional career,\" a senior official of the industry department said.\"This will help the government in its efforts to increase the prospects of employability among rural women whereas companies will get the desired work force and some financial assistance for training them,\" he added.The recent annual report on employment and unemployment survey for 2011-12 paints a grim picture for the state. It suggests that the female labour force participation rates are extremely low and remains a matter of concern. In terms of female employment, according to the report, 16 out of 1,000 people in rural areas are jobless whereas in the urban areas, the figure stands at 20.\"By 2015, the skilled labour force deficit in Rajasthan will cumulatively stands at 5.12 million. To bridge the huge gap and cope up with the shortage of skilled labour this scheme will certainly help in big way. But it also needs proper commitment from state government in its implementation,\" said Tarachand Chaudhary, president of United Council of Rajasthan Industries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17000557", "title": "Dalit organizations condemn cops' transfer", "text": "Hubli: Members of the Karnataka Dalit Rakshana Vedike and Akhila Karnataka Dr Ambedkar Mahasabha Minority Backward Dalit District unit staged a protest at the Indi pump circle on Sunday, against the alleged transfer of two police inspectors in connection with assault on activists of the Vishwa Hindu Parisha.Protestors said that CPI's Sachin Chalawadi and Mohan Prasad were transferred after the pro-Hindu organizations demanded action against policemen involved in Friday's incident in which VHP activists stopped some people who were allegedly shifting cattle to slaughterhouse. Protestors claimed the cops are innocent and suspected the handiwork of some vested interest in the transfer. They demanded the police commissioner to cancel the transfers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17003369", "title": "Tone up your flabby arms before Diwali", "text": "Want to slip into those strappy dresses, but have flabby arms? Here's how to tone up in time for DiwaliThis festive season, don't hide behind those boring long sleeve kurtas. Your wardrobe can get more experimental, sensual and sexy. Okay, you have flabby arms and are embarrassed to flaunt them. Then trim them up. Try this simple exercise regime that will help you get stronger and sexier arms. The key, say fitness experts, is developing more lean muscle and reducing overall body fat. This toned arms exercise plan can be practised up to four alternate days a week, including an hour-long cardio activity on your off days. So ladies, get the two kilo dumbbells and sweat it out over 15 repetitions each set.Triceps of kickbacks  Goal: This exercise is particularly beneficial for your triceps and back. Apart from helping you get rid of those flabby arms, this triceps-targeted move works the muscles that line your spine. This not only improves your posture, but also leads to a slimmer appearance.Method: Stand with your feet hip width apart, bend your knees with a weight in each hand. Bend your elbows by your sides, pulling your arms to the outsides of your ribcage. Hinge forward from your hips (make sure your spine is straight and bring your body forward at a 45-degree angle. Extend your arms behind you, turn your palms up to the ceiling as you extend your elbows. Get back to your normal state and then repeat.Biceps curl and front press  Goal: Simple and easy to do, this exercise targets biceps as well as shouldersMethod: Bend your knees slightly, arms by your sides with a two kg weight in each hand. Now, bend your elbows and curl the weights in towards your body, turning your palms up as you lift. Next, extend your arms out in front of your chest, turning your palms down. Bend your arms back into your curl position and then lower arms back down to your start position.V Plie raise  Goal: This exercise not only sculpt your shoulders, it also helps your upper back (think those halter neck sari blouses). The adding up of the plie squat engages your lower body muscles. More muscles worked at once mean more calories burned. All this leads to faster fat loss. Apart from the upper back and shoulders, it helps the legs and shoulders too.Method: Position your feet about three-feet apart from each other, with your knees and toes pointing out about 45 degrees. Hold onto your weights, and extend your arms down in front of your thighs, palms facing in. Lower into a plie position by bending your knees, pointing your toes outwards, as you raise both your arms overhead into a wide 'V' position. Slowly, lower your arms as you go back to standing in the former position with your feet three-feet apart. Then restart.mirrorfedback@indiatimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17002602", "title": "Aadi's Sukumarudu wraps up talkie part", "text": "The unit of Aadi's Sukumarudu has completed filming the entire talkie part of the movie in the suburbs of Hyderabad and Vijayawada. The unit is currently filming songs in Europe and the schedule is expected to be wrapped up by November 9. Superstar Krishna and Urvasi Sharada are playing important roles. Nisha Aggarwal and Bhavana are playing the female leads in this youthful entertainer.Directed by Ashok G of \"Pilla Jamindaru\" fame, Sukumarudu is tipped to be a family entertainer and the makers exude confidence that the film will attract all sections of the audience. Ashok says that Sukumarudu will be a big hit like Prema Kavali and Lovely and also strengthens Aadi's place in the industry.Anup Rubens is scoring the music, Sai Sriram handles the cinematography and Chandrasekhar Gundimeda is penning the dialogues. Sukumarudu is produced by K Venu Gopal while KVV Satyanarayana is presenting it under Sri Soudamini Creations banner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16999613", "title": "3.5L chains snatched in 24 hours", "text": "MUMBAI: Four separate chain-snatching incidents were reported in the last 24 hours from various localities from the eastern and central suburbs between Saturday and Sunday. Four chain- snatchings were reported in the of eastern and central suburbs in the last 24 hours.The chains, collectively worth Rs 3.5 lakh, were snatched by motorcycle-borne thieves from the Chembur, Sion and Kanjurmarg areas. Two of the cases were from Sion, where the gold chains snatched were worth Rs 1.85 lakh. The incidents occurred between Saturday and Sunday.In the first incident on Saturday, Chembur resident Ujha Gangatale (30) was buying vegetables when two unidentified persons on motorcycle approached her and sped away after snatching the gold chain worth Rs 30,000 around 6.15pm. While the two other cases occurred two at Sion where gold chain worth Rs1.85 lakhs were robbed and in the fourth case at Kanjurmarg gold chain worth Rs1.35 lakhs was robbed on Sunday afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "16998344", "title": "Roaring engines greet F1 fans", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: As the F1 teams made last minute adjustments to their majestic vehicles that are the very essence of the race, a bevy of equally impressive luxury vehicles like Rolls-Royce Phantoms, Audis and BMWs made their way to the Budh International Circuit in Greater Noida.While a number of fans and critics had been skeptical about the organization of such a grand event, it seemed that the organizers and the administration had learnt from the mistakes made last year with the entire day passing by without any significant disorder.Fans from all over the country and across the globe made their way to the race track for the F1 finale, many of them sporting team jerseys of their favorite teams. \"I have come here to support Vettel. I think it's incredible that he's been able to maintain his supremacy in the F1 tables for so long,\" said Kshitij Gupta, a lawyer who came wearing the red and blue of his favorite F1 team.There were others who had come for the race in spite of not being die-hard F1 fans. \"We have come essentially for the experience of it all. We live in Greater Noida and it's an interesting experience for us all,\" said Ramesh Singh who came with his wife and two children.The roaring engines and the faint echo of Bollywood music had drawn curious onlookers from various sections of the society, including nearby farmers, but this year the additional barricading and fencing put up by the organizers ensured that such free shows couldn't be enjoyed by anyone. It was only commuters who were travelling via the Yamuna Expressway from Agra to Delhi who occasionally stopped their cars, attracted by the raucous roar of the car engines and looked curiously towards the track. \"I knew the F1 was today, but I never could have imagined how loud the engine is. Initially I thought a jet was landing,\" said Chinki Singh, a doctor who lives in Agra.Critics had warned F1 fans ominously about massive traffic jams and mismanagement, but this was not the case. According to officials of the DND flyway, more than 25,000 cars had passed through their toll-plaza by 3pm. The organizers said over 60,000 fans had come for the event. Traffic flowed smoothly and there was only a 10-minute jam at the Greater Noida entry point on the Noida-Greater Noida Expressway. \"The traffic slowed on the stretch as there's a left cut that leads to a slip road and cars slow down to get into it,\" said Dharmendra Yadav, traffic inspector, Gautam Budh Nagar. Traffic slowed down after the race ended, with fans all leaving at the same time. \"The traffic choked up a bit as people left at the same time. The Santana concert is also a factor,\" said one of the organizers.The district administration had deployed over 2,500 policemen for the security of the event and the organizers had pre-planned and formulated a plan to ensure that last years mistakes aren't repeated. \"Last year, there were autos creating havoc by transporting fans from one gate to another and from the parking lot to the entry gates. They overcharged and harassed our guests. This year we made sure that wasn't the case. There were also hawkers and merchants, but we realized that they take up a lot of space and cause traffic to slow down, so they haven't been allowed inside,\" said a senior JPSI official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "kollam", "code": "16998381", "title": "Heli taxi service in Kollam", "text": "KOLLAM: The district tourism promotion council (DTPC), Kollam, and New Delhi-based Chipsan Aviation Ltd will introduce a heli taxi service in the town ahead of the second President's Trophy Boat Race on Thursday. The initiative offers helicopter joyrides to the residents on Tuesday and Wednesday.The AS-350 B3 helicopter that will be based at the Ashramam ground will have the capacity to carry six passengers. The civil aviation department has already approved the proposal to run the service.The service, divided into two categories of seven and twelve minutes each will cost a person Rs 2,500 and Rs 4,500 respectively.DTPC secretary K Prasad said this first-of-its-kind initiative in the district would give a totally new experience for the people. The same company had successfully organized similar joyrides in Thiruvalla, Pathanamthitta and Piravom last month, he said.District collector P G Thomas will officially inaugurate the service at the Ashramam ground. People who wish to avail the service should book their seats in advance at the DTPC office here, Prasad added. The service will be available between 9am and 5pm on both days.The collector, who is also the chairman of the boat race committee, said that all preparations have been made for the smooth conduct of the race. He also added that various cultural programmes would be organized as part of the boat race at the venue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17000116", "title": "Wet week ahead as clouds move towards Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: After a week's break, the Met department has said that the rains are back and could last the whole week. A trough of low pressure over eastern parts of the Bay of Bengal has developed into a 'well-marked depression' over the Andaman and Nicobar Islands.\"There is intense clouding over the ocean and our models show that it will move towards Tamil Nadu,\" said deputy director general of India Meteorological Department Y E A Raj. This could mean rain from Sunday night. \"There could be intense rainfall for the next three to four days, and there could be showers till the end of the week.\" The Meteorological department has been observing the formation of the system for a week.\"We will have to wait and see before declaring it a depression. We have not sent warnings to the fishing community as the centre of the system is not yet clear,\" said Raj. Some parts of Tamil Nadu have started receiving rain. \"Parts of the Cauvery delta region, especially Thanjavur and Tiruvarur districts, have reported rain,\" he said.Usually, there are three depressions during the northeast monsoon. Of these, one hits Tamil Nadu, making October and November the rainiest months. According to data compiled from 1970 to 2000, Tamil Nadu has received 50% more rainfall than usual from October 1 this year. While the normal is 150.4mm between October 1 and 26, Tamil Nadu has received 226mm. \"Going by the history and the current situation, we are poised for good rainfall,\" said Raj. Chennai, in its first week of the monsoon, received 186% excess rainfall. The onset of monsoon was declared on October 19, after which Chennai has received 244.2mm of rain. The normal is 85.3mm. Chennai gets about 28cm of rain over 10 days in October and 40cm over 12 days in November. Raj said that in the last five years, the number of cyclonic storms has come down. \"They have been replaced by deep depressions,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "16997927", "title": "Removal of illegal constructions near Sonar Fort begins", "text": "JAISALMER: Process has started to remove illegal constructions in the prohibited area of 100 metres of the world famous Sonar Fort on the directions of the district administration.The anti-encroachment squad of municipal council razed the shop being built on the Ring Road and other constructions.The construction going on along Shiv Marg on the Ring Road behind the fort was removed in the presence of sub divisional officer Ramesh Chandra Jainth.Police force was also deployed on the spot. Prior to this, municipal council commissioner RK Maheshwari had met the owner and asked him to stop the construction, but he paid no heed.The commissioner apprised the district collector about the situation, who ordered to raze the building.Sources say efforts are being made to build political pressure on the administration.After the razing of illegal constructions, builders are apprehensive about carrying on the work. It is assumed that in the forthcoming days, the administration could remove more encroachments and illegal constructions.The anti-encroachment committee president Gopal Singh Mahecha along with BJP councillor and leader of opposition Hari Singh Sodha, Dalpat Meghwal and Magan Sen had demanded the administration and council administration to control the increasing encroachments near the fort.District collector Shuchi Tyagi said a campaign will be launched from Monday to remove illegal constructions near the fort.She said builders had been served notices by the administration and ASI, but illegal construction did not stop. She added that any illegal constructions spoiling the beauty of the city will be removed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "17003572", "title": "1984 Sikh riots: Australian MP to file petition in Parliament", "text": "MELBOURNE: An Australian politician will table a signed petition in the Parliament this week which would ask the government to recognise the 1984 anti-Sikh riots in India as \"genocide\".An official statement issued by federal MP Warren Entsch's office said, \"The nation's Sikh community has enlisted the help of Entsch to have Australia recognise the November 1984 killings of Sikhs in India as genocide.\"The issue was first raised by a Sikh Community member in Cairns, Daljit Singh.\"Every person on this planet who believes in equality and peace for mankind should support this,\" Singh said, adding \"Justice delayed is justice denied.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "16998697", "title": "Sports Authority of India coach finds potential gymnasts in Jharkhand", "text": "BOKARO: Chief coach of the Sports Authority of India (SAI) D K Rathore has found huge potential in Jharkhand children who can be groomed as best gymnasts by proper training.Rathore, a Dronacharya awardee, said on Sunday that the SAI could come up with a training centre for gymnasts in Bokaro if any educational institution, PSU, state government or corporate body send proposals to them in this regard. \"There can be a world champion in gymnastics from Jharkhand in coming years if the children here can be groomed under proper guidance. I see a future for gymnastics in Jharkhand,\" he said.The SAI coach, along with Arjuna awardee Ashwini Nachappa, participated in a run \"save humanity\" organized by Delhi Public School (DPS) here. Bokaro Steel Limited (BSL) CEO Anutosh Maitra, DPS advisor Hemlata S Mohan along with thousands of students began the run from the school which ended at Mohan Kumarmangalam Stadium.India despite having talents is not performing up to the mark in world championships because of lack of good infrastructure and system, Rathore said. People also don't have so much craze for gymnastics like in China, Korea, America and other countries. This is also because people are not too much aware about gymnastics. There is a need to create awareness among the children and people about the sport. \"Despite all odds, Indian gymnasts in the past few years had proved their mettle in national and international championships. They have performed well in absence of world-class training. If they would have been provided modern training, they could bag much more medals for the country,\" said Rathore.He pointed out that the psyche of the Indians were perfect to be gymnasts. The body build-up of Indians can make them good players as they are short heighted. \"You see the players of China, Korea and Japan are short-heighted. Similarly, the children of Jharkhand, especially tribals, have equally good stamina and body build-up and have every potential to become gymnasts,\" said Rathore.At present, mostly the children of Maharashtra, Uttar Pradesh and Tripura are doing well in gymnastics. The children of Jharkhand should also generate interest in gymnastics as they can also become performers. \"When I was in Class VI in 1976, one day I was caught by my sports teacher playing gulli-danda in school. As a punishment, he asked me to come and practise gymnastics. In this way, I generate interest in gymnastics and later decided to make my career.\"Being a gymnast, I won several medals for the country and now I am training budding coaches in Patiala believing that they will bring up several gymnastsMeanwhile, Nacchapa said that there are potential sports person in the country but they need encouragement. Government should provide benefits to the sports person. There is also a need to create interest among children in panchayat levels so that players can be identified and be trained in right direction since grass root levels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16998359", "title": "Two drown in separate incidents", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The body of a 19-year-old youth, who went missing while bathing in the Neyyar Dam a day ago, was recovered on Sunday. The deceased has been identified as Sudheer, son of Nazar of Amboori.The mishap occurred when he visited the Dam along with his family on Saturday afternoon. The body was recovered during the wee hours of Sunday after a marathon search conducted jointly by the police and the fire and rescue services.The body was handed over to the family for funeral after autopsy.Meanwhile, in a separate incident, a man died after drowning in the Sreevaraham pond on Sunday.Though, the identity of the deceased has not been confirmed yet, police say that according to primary information the man's name is Nasser and he is a resident of Beemapally. Police said the mishap occurred at 8am and the body was recovered at 3pm. The body has been kept at the Medical College Hospital mortuary for post mortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16999753", "title": "Woman arrested for stealing car", "text": "LUDHIANA: Police have arrested a young woman from a mall on Ferozepur Road, on Saturday, for stealing a man's car after luring him through a honey trap.The woman, identified as Sandeep Kaur, is a resident of Barnala. She was arrested following the complaint of the victim Harjit Singh, a resident of Mandeep Nagar.In his complaint to police, Harjit said, \"Sandeep introduced herself to me with a false name at a petrol station on November 11, following which on the next day we meet for lunch and dinner. On November 14, we went to watch a late night movie at a multiplex in a mall on Ferozepur Road. During interval Sandeep took my car keys and started playing around with it. She passed it to her accomplice, who were also watching a movie there. Later, she returned the key.\"He added, \"When we returned after the movie I was shocked to find my Swift missing. I returned home after reporting the matter to police.\" Meanwhile, during probe police tried to contact Sandeep for questioning but she never turned up. This raised suspicion. While the woman was nowhere to be found, Hardeep was on the lookout for her and on Saturday he spotted her at the mall again. He immediately informed the police who arrested her. Meanwhile, her accomplices are still at large.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16997358", "title": "Divisional railway manager to probe TVI Express scam", "text": "NAGPUR: The ponzi scam involving TVI Express, a network marketing direct selling company, has opened a can of worms with many railway employees now complaining that they were taken for a ride by influence-exerting officials. Citizens and employees lost crores in the scam.Commenting on the scam, Brijesh Dixit, divisional railway manager (DRM), Nagpur Central Railway, said he is ready to probe the matter. \"Victims of the scam should come forward to complain that they were cheated. I will also have to see whether officials were doing business in their own name or family members,\" Dixit told TOI.\"If the employees were signed up as members of the scheme in the office, it is a serious issue,\" Dixit added.Even if the railway officials pretended to show they were not directly involved, Railway Service Conduct Rules are clear that they should not indulge in any kind of monetary business transactions, nor misuse their official position, which they apparently did without informing the office.On May 9, 2011, The Economic Times, Mumbai, had reported that TVI operations had closed down in July 2010. However, many employees said they were signed up as members by movement inspectors Komal Gajbhiye, Deepak Soni, S H Jalali, J L Joshi, S S Karnale, P D Raut, Smriti Dayani and others even after July 2010. The employees said they were lured by being promised that their Rs15,500 investment would double in a few days.\"We were not told about the closure of the scheme,\" said a victim Atmaram Govinda, who retired as pointsman. \"I was tempted by Karnale,\" he admitted.Karnale denied making any pointsman a member under the scheme. \"I did sign up around six members but did not reap any benefits. I had also attended some meetings called by movement inspector Gajbhiye. I did not inform the office about the business,\" said Karnale.Jalali flatly denied making railway employees as members. \"I'm nowhere involved. My wife was a member but she too left it after realizing the mistake,\" Jalali told TOI.Joshi too denied his role. \"I was made member by Soni six months ago. I lost Rs50,000.\" If Joshi is to be believed, he became member after TVI wound up its operations.All the up line team members, who initially enjoyed monetary benefits, are now washing their hands off the scam. The entire operation was promoted by the operating department officials and senior divisional operating manager (SrDOM) and divisional operating manager (DOM) knew about it.Sources said that after TOI exposed the scam on Saturday, the victims have become active and want their money back. One of the groups is also planning to meet DRM Dixit on Monday. Some retired railways officials who lost money have moved the railway vigilance department and even the Central Vigilance Commission (CVC).The TVI Express investors in the company were made franchisees for its travel business. By paying Rs15,500, they could send thousands of people on tours and travel around the world and earn handsome commissions. In Nagpur, around 10,000 people including over 500 railway employees became members.Based in Indonesia , the company had a complex compensation package, which included weekly payouts, free holiday vouchers at global resorts and membership in exclusive clubs. Cracks started to appear in April 2010, when the holiday vouchers given by the company were found to be invalid and the cheques started bouncing.Pyramid selling schemes are deliberate scams designed to benefit the originators while taking advantage of later recruits. They operate on the basis that members pay a large upfront fee to join, but then receive commissions for recruiting new members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16999175", "title": "164 acres full of symbols of enlightenment", "text": "GURGAON: Greenery is not something that we usually associate with the arid belt of what is known as the greater Gurgaon region. The dry plains and rocky Aravalis here are only punctuated by random spots of plantation. And a thick tree-cover is just hard to come by. All this considered, the Soka Bodhi Tree Garden in Bilaspur village near IMT Manesar might well be the greenest area in this region. But without a shadow of a doubt, it is the only place you will find around that has as many as 3,500 planted peepal trees.\"In this region? I don't know of any place anywhere that has as many of these trees within the same confines,\" said Hardyal Sharma, deputy director general of Bharat Soka Gakkai, the Indian chapter of the international association of the same name. Sharma has been associated with this garden since 1993, just when it was set up on a 90-acre expanse of land.Today the garden is 164 acres wide, and, according to the management staff, has a 4.5-kilometre boundary wall around. \"The oldest of the saplings were planted during that first drive in September 1993. And since then, every monsoon we have been planting bodhi trees,\" Sharma said.The bodhi tree - which is the same as a peepal tree - is the Buddhist symbol for enlightenment, and the designers of this garden wanted this place to be a one-of-a-kind collection of such trees. \"By the year 2030, our target is to reach 10,000 bodhi trees within this area,\" Sharma said.The fig tree saplings for plantation are transported from Saharanpur in Uttar Pradesh every season. But looking after the trees, and ensuring that their growth is not stymied by glitches related to soil and weather conditions, remains a full-time job. \"This tree is a very powerful tree. It can grow within water wells, even walls sometimes. But we have had some occasions when we had to relocate a tree due to growth problems, although this happened very rarely.\"The organization now has a garden committee, and horticulturalists pay their special visits to the place almost every week. \"But these trees, and this whole garden, are mainly looked after by our volunteers, who take time off their busy schedules, and make sure that they are taking good care of this place,\" Sharma said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16999160", "title": "Second phase of 108 ambulance service likely to begin in November", "text": "LUCKNOW: The second phase of the 108 Samajwadi Ambulance Seva is likely to be launched in the first half of November. More than 300 ambulances with basic life support will hit the road across 13 districts in the state. In the first phase, as many as 133 ambulances were sent to 13 districts, and as per plans, 980 ambulances are to be rolled out in the state.Rajesh Waghmare, chief operating officer of GVK EMRI - the company which is running the ambulance service in UP besides a dozen other states, said, \"We are looking forward to the launch sometime in November. In this phase, we would cover the accident-prone western UP districts including Noida, Ghaziabad, Agra and Mathura. The phase would also mark our entry in the eastern part of the state through Allahabad, Pratapgarh, Gonda, Bahraich and Faizabad.\" Recounting the experience so far, he stated that the journey has been extremely happening. \"We have touched the 10,000-emergency mark in less than 40 days, which is a record in itself. We received some 3.96 lakh calls of which 16,072 were related to emergencies. And of the total, 10,072 callers availed the service,\" he said.A category-wise break-up of the emergency indicated towards an extremely positive trend, said an officer in the National Rural Health Mission's state project management unit. \"Of all the emergencies, as many as 4,943 were related to pregnancy of which 33 women delivered their babies inside the ambulance with the help of the skilled attendant. Now, we can look forward to a significant drop in the maternal mortality rate,\" she said.Trauma due to road traffic accident and 0otherwise formed the next big chunk of emergencies (1,524) handled by the service in the state. Besides this, 351 cases of acute pain in abdomen, 292 cases of cardiac complications and 265 cases of respiratory illness were hospitalised by the 108 service. The officials informed that as many as 650 police cases were handled by the service.About 3.25 lakh calls were non-emergency ones. \"About 38,000 persons called up for making queries about the service, but the remaining may be termed as fake or crank calls,\" said Waghmare. However, the officer was not surprised over the large number of non-emergency calls. \"The proportion of fake calls in other states is about 85-90%. So, we were not surprised by UP's average of 80%,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16999674", "title": "'Govandi home staff helped inmates flee'", "text": "MUMBAI: The Govandi police have learnt that the state-run rehabilitation centre, Navjeevan Mahila Vastigruha, did not maintain detailed records of the 23 women who escaped from the home on Saturday.A group of 36 inmates had planned to flee on Saturday between 2pm and 3pm after attacking a woman police constable, who was the only one on duty inside the centre. The women broke window glasses and some even bent the window grills to make room to escape. A few others escaped from a door that was unlocked. \"They used the broken glass to attack some guards who were on duty,\" said the police.However, 13 of them were caught by guards who saw them jumping off the compound wall.Five of the 13 inmates, who were caught while escaping, have been identified as Ramesha Qazi, Shahenaz Mulla, Sheela Mirza, Khushi Raut, Roshan Shaikh. They have been booked under sections 225 (B) (Resistance or obstruction to lawful apprehension, or escape or rescue in cases) and 224 or 225 (intentionally offers any resistance or illegal obstruction to the lawful apprehension) of the IPC.A police source said that the women who managed to escape had been rescued from brothels and bars this year. The escape was planned with the help of an employee at the centre, the source said. \"The women were aware that the staff would be less on Saturday on account of the Eid holiday. The 17 women who had escaped last month from the same centre had also been helped by someone from within the home. \"Security at the rehabilitation centre is poor,\" the source said.Deputy commissioner of police (Zone VI) Lakhmi Gautam said they have taken up the matter. \"The state governmentlooks after the rehabilitation centre and conducts its own internal probe. Actions are taken accordingly by the state government,\" said Gautam.However, cops are clueless as in Saturday's case as well as last month's, they have been unable to trace the escaped women. \"The addresses provided by most of them are either fake or do not exist. This makes it more difficult to track the escapees,\" said investigators. TOI visited the rehabilitation centre in Govandi to get details of the case, but in vain. Officials at the centre tooalso did not respond to repeated calls.on the two cases in which total 40 women had escaped in less than one-and-a-half month and the actions they have taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16998243", "title": "Ajay Maken could make a difference with new ministry", "text": "NEW DELHI: For Ajay Maken , his new ministry -- housing and urban poverty alleviation -- may not be as glamorous as information and broadcasting which he was speculated to get but it is politically more sensitive, considering the thrust on urban poor.With Congress losing support in urban areas, mainly among low-income group and those living below the poverty line, the ministry could turn out to be a game-changer for the ruling party in the next general elections if Maken is successful in implementing the proposed scheme for providing employment opportunities for urban poor and slum-dwellers.After reaping electoral success in 2009 on the back of the rural employment guarantee scheme, the government plans to launch a National Urban Livelihood Mission (NULM), aiming to create job opportunities for the urban poor in the 12th five year plan.It will be interesting to see if Maken can prevail over the government and accelerate the launch of the scheme proposed by his new ministry which will require a Rs 20,000 crore budget to roll out.According to ministry data, 93 million urban residents are estimated to live in slums. Giving livelihood and houses to millions of slum-dwellers will be Maken's biggest challenge.His other major challeng will be fast-tracking the Rajiv Awas Yojana, the scheme aimed to provide houses for slum-dwellers under JNNURM on the lines of Indira Awas Yojana for rural poor.The tepid response of private sector towards low cost housing is a major area of concern which Maken will have to urgently address.Getting states to implement urban sector reforms such as assigning property rights to people living in slums, making private developers reserve 25% land or houses for urban poor, rationalization of stamp duty, repeal of urban land ceiling and regulation Act and reform in rent control Act will be other tasks before Maken.With urban areas facing a shortage of 18 million units, mainly for low-income group and the poor, the new minister will have to take steps including nation-wide support to civic agencies to build rental homes, amending the archaic rent control act and declaring the sector an industry.The ministry has been tasked with carrying out socio-economic census to identify the poor living in urban areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16998858", "title": "\u2018Stress-free life will help prevent psoriasis\u2019", "text": "CHENNAI: The Chennai Skin Foundation organised a programme on Sunday to mark World Psoriasis Day. Speakers at the event discussed causes, cure and new remedies for psoriasis and stressed the need to spread awareness about the disease. Psoriasis is merely an excess growth of skin cells and it is not contagious. Individuals with the disease can live a healthy and successful life.Psoriasis is charcterised by scales, inflamed skin and accumulation of plaque. It is a rapidly proliferating disease, which can affect any part of the body, including nails. The common variants of this disease are erythrodermic, inverse and guttate psoriasis. \"It is systemic and what we see on the skin is merely the tip of the whole problem,\" said Dr J Bhaskaran.Addressing the gathering, Dr N B Baktha Reddy highlighted the role of new herbal medicines to prevent the disease. The disease could be further treated by topical and systemic agents and phototherapy. \"While 1.5% of Europe's population is affected by it, only 0.3 to 0.18% Indians have psoriasis,\" he said.Speaking on the origin of the disease, Dr S Murugusundram said: \"Psoriasis is an ancient disease which finds mention in the Vedas and the Old Testament and the Chinese manuscripts of 3,000 BC.\" A stress-free life, healthy food and exercise can help combat the disease, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16998163", "title": "Four BRTS routes to get 91 bus shelters", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) has finalized the design for bus shelter to be built along the four Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS) routes in municipal limits.PCMC executive engineer Shrikant Savane said the civic body had invited bids from architects for designs of bus shelter. It had received 11 designs, of which the office-bearers selected one. This decision was taken at the standing committee meeting presided over by chairman, Jagdish Shetty.Savane said a total of 91 bus shelters are to be erected on four BRTS routes on public private partnership. PCMC has constructed 12 of the 16 bus shelter on Pune-Mumbai highway stretch.The remaining 79 bus shelter will be built based on the selected design. The architect who has designed the bus shelters has been made the consultant and architect for the project, he said.Another issue the standing committee discussed was the little progress made in the construction of the Empire Estate flyover in Chinchwad, along the Kalewadi phata - Dehu Alandi BRTS route. Savane said, \"The flyover is being constructed with the help of World Bank. Three meetings were held with the contractor at the commissioner level for speeding up the work but there has been no significant progress in the work. The civic body has already appointed a dispute adjudication board to solve the disputes between the corporation and the contractor as per WB norms.\"PCMC has constituted the adjudication board in which S R Tambe, retired secretary, state Public Works Department is the civic body's representative. The contractor has appointed SG Pingale as his representative. The standing committee approved a short notice resolution for appointing PS Ambike, retired chief engineer, CIDCO as chairman of the board.\"The 91 shelters are to be erected on on public private partnership. PCMC has constructed 12 of the 16 bus shelters on Pune-Mumbai highway stretch", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17005207", "title": "Naomi Campbell's b'day bash for beau to last 2 days in Jodhpur", "text": "Naomi Campbell's lavish 50th birthday party for boyfriend Vladimir Doronin will span two days in Jodhpur, Rajasthan.Spies told the New York Post that the Indian bash on Nov. 6 and 7 will include one event at a palatial hotel and another at a historic fort.A number of celebrities from the fashion and film world are likely to participate in the grand celebrations that will take place at various locations in Jaipur and also at an Agra-based 7-star hotel.The locales of Rajasthan have played perfect host to celebrities like Arun Nayyar and Liz Hurley , Ketty Perry and Russell Brand , who tied the knot in Jodhpur and Sawai Madhopur respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16999958", "title": "Jain heritage walk announced", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After a year of planning, researching and conceptualizing, the Jain Heritage Walk was announced by the Jain International Trade Organization (JITO) on Sunday. A book announcing the walk and a brochure mentioning the significance of each of the stops was also released.The inaugural walk will start on November 19 on Gyan Pancham, an auspicious day in Jain calendar. Many noted industrialists are slated to take the walk. Pravesh Mehta of JITO says, \"We have to line up everything before we invite these top industrialists for a walk. Through this inaugural walk we want to reach out to the Jains in the country to come and visit the city. But most of all we want the community members in Ahmedabad to come and take this heritage walk along with heritage lovers.\"Owing to the election commission's model code of conduct, the inauguration was a low-key affair. Even the chief minister, who was present during the function, was keenly watched by the election commission officials. \"Many Jain businessmen want to take an informal walk on a Saturday or a Sunday,\" says Mehta.The walk will explore the rich Jain past in the city, right from the times when the city was called Ashaval. It was announced that the history of Acharya Jineshwar Rasuri who wrote the 'Lilavati Katha' and 'Siddhhemshabdhanushasnam' text among other religious ceremonies will be traced during the walk. The history of Acharya Vijayheer Surishwar is also being explored in the walk. The walk is supposed to be a permanent affair and will be jointly managed by JITO and City Heritage Center (CHC) on every Sarurday and Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16997520", "title": "New Wakf Bill kept pending", "text": "The delay in enacting the new Wakf Bill is causing concern among Muslim community across India. Ministries of law and minority affairs are taking lot of time in vetting the select committee report of Rajya Sabha and the suggestions offered by various organizations, including All India Muslim Personal Law Board (AIMPLB), before finalizing the Bill for passage in Parliament.The Wakf (Amendment) Bill 2010 was introduced in Lok Sabha on April 27, 2010 and passed on May 7, 2010. Normally, Fridays are earmarked for non-official business in Parliament but the government got the Bill debated and enacted within hours on this day, even as Muslim MPs belonging to different parties had gone for Friday prayers!The end result is that many provisions of the Bill were found to be controversial and stoutly opposed by a cross section of Muslim community. The Bill was referred to a select committee when it came up in Rajya Sabha on August 27, 2010.The select committee headed by Prof Saifuddin Soz and comprising a dozen other members, presented its report to the Rajya Sabha on December 16, 2011. Ten months have passed by but there are no clear indications as to when this Bill, with lot of amendments suggested by the select committee, would be brought before Rajya Sabha.The committee, while considering the provisions of the Bill, sought the response of ministry of minority affairs for not incorporating key recommendations of the Joint Parliamentary Committee on wakf, which had submitted numerous reports. The committee laid emphasis on these issues that were covered by the JPC on wakf but were not reflected in the Bill and made commensurate recommendations. The select committee, inter alia, recommended that all wakf lands occupied by the government or their agencies should be vacated within six months or market rate be paid to the Wakf Board/Mutawalli concerned since occupation of the said properties. This would be in keeping with the direction issued by the then prime minister Indira Gandhi in 1975. Further, the committee recommended that if wakf land, already acquired by the government, is not uses within a year for the purpose for which it was acquired, it shall revert to the Wakf Board/Mutawalli concerned.The committee suggested a review of wakf lands acquired since 1995 to ascertain whether they have been put to use for the public purpose for which they were acquired, In case there is a default in use or if the land/property so acquired is encroached upon or put to some other use, then the lands should automatically revert to the Wakf Board/Mutawalli concerned. However, if such reversion is not feasible, then the market value of the said property should be paid to the Wakf Board/Mutawalli concerned at present day prices after deducting the cost of acquisition already paid or land of equivalent present market value be given to the Wakf Board. The AIMPLB has pointed out many defects in the Bill drafted by the select committee. The board has blamed the ministries of law and minority affairs for creating hurdles in amending the Wakf Bill 2010 by their uncooperative and irrational attitude towards wakf issues.The board has suggested many amendments to the Bill for preserving, protecting and recovering wakf properties and making Wakf Boards representative of the Muslim community. The select committee also ignored the Board's suggestions. It may be recalled that the Wakf Act was first enacted in 1954 and it was replaced by the Wakf Act of 1995. But the provisions incorporated in the 1995 Act were found inadequate to fulfill the task of protection and preservation of wakf properties for the good of the Muslim community. In this backdrop, the ministry of minority affairs should take the initiative to convene meetings with different stake holders, including AIMPLB, to draw up a comprehensive legislation which can address the concerns of the community and incorporate the key recommendations made by Sachar Committee and the JPC on wakf. The Sachar Committee had estimated that the wakf boards can generate Rs 12,000 crore annually by developing wakf properties in the country.(The writer is a member of legislative council and journalist)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16997339", "title": "Sales executive dupes company", "text": "NAGPUR: Wadi police booked a 24-year-old man for allegedly duping an Amravati Road based auto-dealer to the tune of Rs11.13 lakh in the last one year. Amit Nagmote, working as a sales executive, has been charged with cheating and other offences. Nagmote is learnt to have issued fake sales receipt to customers who have made payments for booking or purchasing new cars from the dealer. Police said Nagmote's act came to fore when employers started checking the accounts of sales and purchases. Following a police complaint, Nagmote was arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16999679", "title": "Escape points at govt failure to rehabilitate victims: Experts", "text": "MUMBAI: The repeated escape of women inmates from the Navjeevan Mahila Vastigruha highlights not only a lapse of security but failure of the state towards effective rehabilitation of women victims of trafficking, believe socio-legal experts. \"The homes are meant to be safe havens, but the fact that women would rather be out on the streets, speaks poorly of the overall approach towards rehabilitation,\" pointed out a lawyer.Saturday's escape is the second such incident in a span of two months. Ironically, the earlier incident in September coincided with the government submitting an affidavit to the Bombay high court with assurances that it was working on improving the condition of homes, as per earlier diktats. The issue has been under the scanner and a committee had been set up under Justice (retd) Chandrashekar Dharamadhikari in 2010 to study atrocities against women; it has submitted two interim reports.Shortage of staffers is one of the basic issues plaguing all 22 state-run women's homes. At present, there are 92 posts of probation officers vacant across these homes, admitted the affidavit, promising that they were being filled up with preference being given to social workers and psychologists. Four sanctioned psychologists are still to be recruited. In the Navjeevan shelter as well, there are eight staffers instead of the sanctioned 22.The committee has clearly stated that women rescued from human trafficking should not be treated as offenders but \"as victims to be protected and treated with dignity and respect\"; they should be equipped with life-skills.Advocate Manisha Tulpule, an advisor to the statutory committee on the Prevention of Immoral Trafficking Act believes staffers in homes are not adequately sensitized and there is no willpower within the government to implement victim-friendly measures. \"There are very good rules and judgments about women's homes but there is poor implementation,\" she rues, elaborating that the court has, for instance, said that rehabilitation homes should have a committee consisting of both government and voluntary organizations to oversee them. \"But such committees are not active in all homes.\"Vijay Raghavan of the Centre for Criminology and Justice at the Tata Institute of Social Sciences, too, believes the incidents are symptomatic of a larger problem. \"The whole purpose of rescuing trafficked women is to rehabilitate them. The government tends to shift the responsibility on the superintendent and staff at these homes, but not much can be done unless the state provides resources-financial and human,\" he says.Raghavan highlights the need for counsellors and social workers for instance, given that many trafficked women have had negative experiences with society, an antagonistic relationship with cops and have been under the influence of traffickers and pimps which makes them fatalistic in terms of willingness to explore alternatives.BOXRecommendations of the Dharamadhikari committee government actionFill up vacancies of probation officers in state-run homes (20 state-run shelter homes and 2 protective homes for rescued women)--Currently 92 vacancies exist.Rehabilitate women and children admitted to state homes.--State launched a skill development program in May end, but benefits are still to trickle down to beneficiaries.Form inter-departmental committees and local member committees to supervise functioning of homes--Committees fail to meet regularly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17002724", "title": "Dr. L Subramaniam and Stevie Wonder gave a soulful performance", "text": "Dr. L Subramaniam and Stevie Wonder gave a soulful performance on the 67th Anniversary of the UN'I just call to say, I love you' and 'Part Time Lover' these are his famous songs and he created a major fan following in the 80s with his music. Popular US based singer and a veteran Stevie Wonder is a name to reckon with, when it comes to western music and has wowed the audiences with his stellar performances over the years. Stevie Wonder also participated in the popular 'We are the World' song which also had many other iconic singers singing with him. Although, he is visually impaired, this handicap has never affected his success and he proved to the world, how nothing can come in the way of achieving your dreams.Recently Stevie Wonder performed with Dr L Subramaniam, India's violinist, when the latter was invited to perform at Stevie Wonder's Message of Peace Concert to mark the 67 th Anniversary of the UN at the UN General Assembly, New York.Subramaniam was the only instrumental soloist and international musician who collaborated with Stevie Wonder on two songs composed by Wonder \"\"My Cherie Amour\"\" and \"\"Higher Ground\"\". The concert also featured artists including Sting and Wyclef Jean . This is Subramaniam's third performance at the UN - he was first invited to perform his own composition with Lord Yehudi Menuhin in 1987 to celebrate the 40th Anniversary of Indian Independence at the UN, and then again with Ambi Subramaniam in 2011.Subramaniam is married to popular playback singer Kavita Krishnamurthy. He is a Padma Shri awardee and the only musician who has recorded Karnatic Classical Music and Western Classical Music", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16997840", "title": "6 private players keen to set up medical colleges in MP", "text": "INDORE: Tangible results of the recently introduced health service investment policy 2012 may be seen on Monday. With the state government offering subsidies to private players to invest in healthcare and medical education sector, six major players have expressed their interest in setting up medical colleges in various districts of state. If the interest translates into signing of memorandum of understanding (MoU) on Monday at Global Investors' Summit (GIS), the investment would be to tune of Rs 2,080 crore. All colleges will be based on Public Private Partnership (PPP) model.The six players include D Y Patil Group, Pune which has shown interest in opening medical colleges in Ratlam and Dewas, respectively. Other groups include Vaishav Trust of Indore and RKDF of Bhopal showing desire to open medical college in Indore and Bhopal, respectively. Christ Knowledge City, Kerala, Mansarvosar Group and Muskaan Samaj are planning to invest in Satna, Sehore and Guna districts of the state.All players will discuss the industrial policy of the state for investing into healthcare industry with the directorate of medical education and the state government at GIS venue and are likely to sign MoUs for starting medical colleges. Asked about the likelihood of interest resulting into MoU, one of the senior officers of medical education department said, \"They have expressed interest and are positive to invest in districts where there is need for more medical education institutions. We are expecting MoUs with the investors. However, the final picture will get clear after the discussion.\"The state already has 12 medical colleges, including government-run ones. Asked if there is need for more such institution, he said, \"We certainly need more medical colleges to provide better health services to people of state.\"As per the amended industrial policy of the state and considering healthcare sector as an industry, state government will offer subsidy of a maximum of Rs 5 crore to an investor, who plans to open a medical, nursing or para medical college in cities with above 10 lakh population in the state. A maximum of Rs 30 lakh loan subsidy will be provided. Maximum 25 acre land will be allotted to medical college to be established outside municipal limits on Rs 1 premium.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16999419", "title": "Kochiites join hands for their dream Metro", "text": "KOCHI: Thousands of people from all walks of life joined hands to form a Human Metro chain on Saturday, demanding that the Kochi Metro project be entrusted to the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation under the supervision of E Sreedharan.The 25-km human chain along the Phase I alignment of the Metro-from Aluva to Petta in Tripunithura-was organized by the City Development Committee. Members of residents' associations, traders, realtors, artists, litterateurs, politicians and legal experts formed the chain.Several people were seen on the roads waiting to join the chain ahead of the scheduled 5pm. A siren was sounded, signalling the formation of the chain. Justice P K Shamsuddeen read out the oath to the participants, who took a pledge to stand united in their demand for entrusting the Metro project to the DMRC and E Sreedharan.The participants also demanded the timely completion of the project.Youngsters, who joined the chain, expressed apprehension that the project would be delayed if it was awarded to any other firm.\"If the project is entrusted to DMRC and E Sreedharan , the work would be hassle-free and completed within the stipulated time, without compromising on the quality. The DRMC has proved its capabilities during the work of side bays of the North railway overbridge,'' said Vineeth, an MBA student and resident of Vadakkekotta in Tripunithura.His friend Arjun seconded. \"We studied in Bangalore and have witnessed how the Metro rail there changed the face of that city. Once the Kochi Metro rail becomes a reality, it will ease the traffic here.'' Both the friends joined the chain at Petta.Several participants joined the Human Metro chain, since they believed that the proposed mode of public transportation would put an end to the city's chaotic traffic.\"The project should be implemented as early as possible,'' said Vinayan from Thaikkoodam. \"If the project is undertaken by the DMRC under the leadership of E Sreedharan, it's assured that it will be free of corruption,'' said Chandran, standing next to Vinayan at Vyttila.The film fraternity, too, was represented in the chain. Directors Renjith, Anwar Rasheed, Ashiq Abu and Amal Neerad, and actor Anoop Chandran participated in the event.\"Kochi is fast becoming the hub of Malayalam film industry. So we, as the representatives of the film world, want to see Kochi Metro rail becoming a reality,\" said Renjith, while addressing a public meeting organised as part of the Human Metro chain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16999271", "title": "Hopes revived for railway projects", "text": "KOLKATA: It was a masterstroke on the part of the Congress high command in Delhi to appoint Murshidabad heavyweight and Mamata Banerjee-baiter Adhir Chowdhury as the Union minister of state for railways, believe political observers. Even when the Trinamool Congress was part of the UPA and Congress MLAs joined the government in West Bengal , there was no change in Adhir's stance. He continued to speak out against Mamata and the Trinamool.Adhir, who singled out Mamata for criticism as a former railway minister, said: \"It will take a number of railway budgets to implement the series of announcements made by her during her tenure in the railway ministry. Everything was on paper. She has announced projects without making adequate monetary provisions. She was a failure as a railway minister,\" he claimed.Adhir said the Bengal chief minister had herself allayed fears about the fate of the ongoing railway projects in Bengal because of her anti-Centre stance, saying she had thought about all that. The Planning Commission has already approved the plans for 14 railway factories she had proposed as the railway minister and funds have already been allocated, she herself had assured, Chowdhury pointed out.\"There are four major Metro projects directly under the railways in Kolkata. While over 60% of the funds have already been allocated, work will suffer unless there is a steady flow of funds during the final stages. Now that the Trinamool has quit the UPA, there will be efforts from within the state itself to create hurdles. Mamata would want to prove that it was her initiative alone that kept the projects going. She wouldn't want the Congress to receive credit for projects initiated by her. If anybody can find a way around such hurdles, it is Adhir. The Trinamool may have egg in the face if Adhir openly starts accusing it of stalling development projects merely to settle a political score,\" a source in the railways said.Mamata spared no effort to rile Adhir in the last three years. Even railway officials found it amusing on certain occasions. Take the doubling of the Krishnanagar-Lalgola section for instance. Work on the stretches between Krishnagar-Plassey and Jiaganj-Lalgola has started first. The fate of the stretch between Plassey and Jiagunj - which falls within Choudhury's parliamentary constituency of Behrampore - remained uncertain till recently. The tender for this stretch was finally awarded less than a week ago.Once this doubling is completed, the journey time from Kolkata to Behrampore will come down significantly. There is also a demand for double lines in the Katwa-Azimganj section that goes up to Malda. This is an alternate link to Behrampore through the Khagraghat Road station. If this stretch is doubled, the travel time to Malda and north Bengal will come down by at least an hour.While Mamata has announced railway projects in nearly all districts of the state, Murshidabad and particularly Behrampore seems to have skipped her attention. Adhir has made it clear on several occasions that she avoided the district on purpose as the Trinamool has no base there. The Murshidabad strongman will certainly use his elevation to the post of a Union minister as a plank in the forthcoming panchayat polls. However, it remains to be seen whether he will pay any attention to projects that were announced in the districts of south Bengal. Places like Nandigram, Jangalmahal or Singur, where the Congress has little base, may not feature in his radar. But then, Adhir may also use this opportunity to move out from Murshidabad and establish himself as a Congressman who can lead Bengal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "16999525", "title": "Oz eyes Asia, to teach Hindi and Mandarin in schools", "text": "MELBOURNE: Declaring that Asia's rise is \"unstoppable\", Australia on Sunday unveiled an ambitious plan aimed at forging deeper links with India and other booming economies of the region, which includes teaching languages like Hindi and Mandarin in its schools.\"While Australia was changing \u2014 Asia was changing too. Whatever else this century brings, it will bring Asia's return to global leadership, Asia's rise,\" said Prime Minister Julia Gillard , who was recently on her maiden official visit to India.\"This (Asia's rise) is not only unstoppable, it is gathering pace,\" Gillard said, releasing a sweeping policy blueprint entitled 'Asian Century White Paper' aimed at maximizing links with Asia which will power Australia into the world's top 10 wealthiest nations by 2025.Above all, success for an open Australia in a middle- class Asia starts in the classrooms, training centres and lecture theatres of this nation, the PM said. All Australian schools will engage with at least one school in Asia to support the teaching of a priority Asian language \u2014 Mandarin, Hindi, Indonesian or Japanese, she said.\"Unlike in ages past, we will not settle for a student sitting at the back of the class not learning and then drifting away from school early. We can no longer tell ourselves this is all OK because a manual job will materialize for the child who cannot read, write or count,\" she said.Gillard also mentioned that Australia was a friend to all countries. \"We are supporting the stabilising presence of the United States , a strong Defence Force, building habits of trust and cooperation in our region,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16999817", "title": "Lhasa Market has variety fare on offer", "text": "PATNA: The nip in the air is now signalling Patnaites to get ready for the approaching winter. And to help them do so, Tibetan refugees' seasonal Lhasa Market, located on Buddh Marg here, opened on Friday. On offer is their latest collection of woollen garments to enable people to stock up their wardrobes.Long woollen kurtis and tunics for young girls and long woollen shrugs for ladies are the biggest attractions for the year. \"We have brought these pure woollen long kurtis, tunics and shrugs in the price range of Rs 750 to Rs 1,000,\" said Neema from Mussoorie, who is putting up her stall here for the last 35 years. Spread over 109 stalls, the Lhasa Market has designer cardigans available in the price bracket of Rs 750 to Rs 900, while woollen blouses are available at Rs 220.\"For young girls, we have brought frilled cardigans starting at Rs 300 and going up to Rs 800,\" said Tenzing, who has come from Bengaluru.\"The designer stoles that can be worn over both jeans and suits can be found here for Rs 180 to Rs 200, while woollen shawls are available for Rs 550 to Rs 600. There are also frilled stoles in the price bracket of Rs 310 to Rs 450,\" said Tenzi from Dehradun.People were seen thronging the market on Saturday. \"I have been buying woollen garments for my family from here for decades since Tibetans bring latest designs at cheaper rates,\" said Sohini Kumari, a customer.Darpan, who has come from Darjeeling with a collection of jackets, said, \"Jackets for males includes windcheaters, fur jackets, waterproof and parachute material jackets ranging from Rs 700-3,000.\"Cotton sweat shirts can be purchased in the price range of Rs 540 and Rs 670.For ladies, cotton jackets are available for Rs 250 to Rs 830, while hood sweaters, which are attracting many, are priced in the range of Rs 450 to Rs 550.Ladies jackets, ranging from long and short wind cheaters to fur jackets, are priced between Rs 430 and Rs 1,050. Woollen overcoats are available in the range of Rs 1,100 to Rs 1,180. The stalls selling caps at Rs 100 are also attracting crowd. The kids section at the Lhasa market has products ranging from high neck sweaters at Rs 260 to sweatshirts at Rs 340, caps at Rs 100, socks at Rs 130 and gloves at Rs 80.The washable single and double bed blanket is available in the range of Rs 380 to Rs 2,100 while the cost of blanket for babies is Rs 220.\"Almost all the stalls here are selling their products at a 'fixed price'. Even after much attempt, no seller was ready for any bargain,\" said Anshima Jha, a customer.Patna is second home to themWith Lhasa Market back in town, over 200 refugee Tibetan salespersons have set up their temporary homes in the city for four months.Chime, the elective member of Tibetan Refugee Lhasa Market committee, Patna , told TOI, \"We have been coming here since 1970s. We are a group of around 150-200 people from places like Shimla , Darjeeling, Mussoorie, Shillong and even Chittapur (Karnataka) who come here to sell woollen garments. We stay in rented houses at Goriya Toli and Jamal Road areas.\"\"We are never treated as refugees here. . We have many regular clients who wait for our latest collections,\" said Tensi, a shopowner who is coming here for the past one decade.Tenzin, who cannot speak fluent Hindi but loves Bihari food . Sometime in February, these Tibetans return to their own places. Said Dolma, \"For rest of the year, we do other work like farming or selling ready-made summer garments purchased from Delhi.\" On the changing tastes of Patnaites, Subhash said, \"They have become more fashion-conscious and look for something new. Now, even the upper class people come looking for new designs.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "kollam", "code": "16998390", "title": "Cross-country cycle race on November 2 &amp; 4", "text": "KOLLAM: The state tourism department will organize an international mountain cycling competition at Thenmala in the district and Kovalam in Thiruvananthapuram on November 2 and 4.Chief minister Oommen Chandy will inaugurate the event, aimed at promoting adventure tourism, at Thenmala.Managing director of the department of eco-tourism P Narayanankutty said arrangements for the cross-country cycling competition were nearing completion. The winner will be presented a cash award of Rs 5 lakh, while the runner-up and second runner-up would get Rs 2 lakh and Rs 1 lakh, respectively.Around 70 participants were expected to compete in the cross-country race. Thenmala's rugged terrain, winding through tea estates, would pose a tough challenge to the competitors.The Kerala Olympic Association and the state Cycling Association chose Thenmala after considering Munnar, Wayanad and Thamarasseri for the race.The second phase of the cross-country race would be conducted in Kovalam on November 4, on an artificial 500-m track. The race would have competitors from Malaysia, Singapore, the Philippines, Thailand, Sri Lanka, Brunei and Nepal , the organizers said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16999285", "title": "Poor roads claiming lives", "text": "KANPUR: Dilapidated and potholed roads in the city are not only responsible for major traffic jams, but are also causing several vehicular accidents every week.Already reeling under a high rate of street crimes, residents of South Kanpur, Ramadevi and Jajmau are also turning victims of frequent accidents attributable to poor roads in these areas. In the past one month alone, nearly 40 minor and major accidents have occurred on the Ramadevi-Jajmau road which claimed six lives.According to the residents, things became worse as the construction work on the overbridge began, and road now is almost unmotorable. The situation at Kidwai Nagar road is similar. The road connecting the Bypass and Tat mill is the only route for hundreds of buses and trucks but is in shambles for the past several months. The bumpy road has also affected the business of shopkeepers in the area as people avoid coming to the Kidwai Nagar market due to fear of traffic jams.The locals also complained that Kanpur Municipal Corporation did a shoddy job of repairing the roads and only fills up the potholes occassionally. \"Over the past few years, the bad condition of the roads have led to a rise in the number of accidents. It is pathetic that the administration and government is unable to manage the existing roads but promising to construct new bridges and highways,\" said Sachin Gupta, resident of Kidwai Ngar. Similar words were echoed by Devi Nandan Pandey, resident of Ramadevi who recently met with an accident near Jajmau in which his left shoulder was dislocated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16999931", "title": "Choose wisely", "text": "I am a final-year student of BTech (electronics and communication), currently doing industrial training in networking ( CCNA+MCITP). I am confused between networking and Java as I have found out that even after having a certification in networking, the pay-scale for a fresher is low, but there is a good demand for Java programmers in reputed companies. So, please guide if I should continue with networking and does this field have a good future?Tushar MahajanThe kind of money that companies offer at start to freshers across the board is relatively low. Unless you are from the IITs or NITs, all top companies including Infosys and TCS offer similarly moderate packages. And the reasons are many \u2014 plenty of engineering graduates are available with a stint in networking. Also, companies feel that students lack a strong practical base in this function. So in a way, they are paying you to learn. The same goes for Java, except that currently there aren't as many people who have a strong base in Java as in networking. So perhaps that may be a good decision to go in for \u2014 particularly, if you are interested in a career in software development. Regardless of what you opt for, if you stick it out for two-three years, that's when the companies take serious note of you and offer you a better and more competitive package. It may perhaps surprise you to know that a year down the line, barely 10-15 % of the initial students hired are retained in the organisation . The companies hire (and fire in bulk). Only those who have the commitment and skills to progress in the job are hand-picked for higher promotions and responsibilities. So, my advice to you would be to get your foot in the door of a good company regardless of how much or little they offer and focus on sharpening your core skills. You have a longterm career ahead of you, which calls for some long-term planning and foresight. Even with networking, who knows you could make it to the position of a CTO (chief technology officer) or CIO (chief information officer) a few years down the line, if you stick it out.STATION CONTROLI am keen to work in the railways. Could you please tell me how to become a station master or a guard? Divansh HoraThere's some great news for you and all those like you who have their eyes set on a job in the railways.The country's largest employer is on track to hire 1.17 lakh personnel this year in its critical group C &amp; D posts. These cover jobs ranging from station masters to technical and track supervisors to train drivers and vital safety staff. This is a quantum jump from the 95,000-odd personnel hired over the last two years in these categories. And a fresh recruitment process has also been set in motion for future vacancies, which are likely to arise in the next two years. The 40,000-odd employees who retire/die/superannuate every year need to be replaced.The modality of the exam has been improved as well.Instead of taking the exam at multiple locations you can now opt for a centre that is nearest your home.Around 1.2 crore candidates are expected to take the exams this year. Watch out for notifications in Employment News, and websites of the Railways Recruitment Boards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16999227", "title": "Congress \u2018probables\u2019 puzzle Rashtriya Lok Dal", "text": "LUCKNOW: The decision by the Congress to identify probable candidates for all the 80 parliamentary constituencies in UP for the 16th general elections scheduled to be held in 2014, has sent ripples of concern as well as anxiety within the Rashtriya Lok Dal , forcing the ally of the Congress in UP to mull structural changes within its state units.And if RLD sources are to be believed, then in November the party would go for fresh recruitment of workers for the state unit. RLD chief Ajit Singh, who, interestingly, is also a cabinet minister in the UPA government, has called a meeting with leaders of RLD's UP unit on November 5 after which the changes will be implemented. The meeting, significantly, happens to be a day after Congress's rally to blunt the opposition to foreign direct investment in multi-brand retail.The change within the RLD's configuration is proposed to come close on the heels of the party giving the charge of UP to former irrigation minister and Ajit Singh's confidant Munna Singh Chauhan. Party sources also said that changes are likely to be made within RLD's youth wing, farmers' unit, minority wing and women wing. Ajit Singh's son and RLD Mathura MP, Jayant Chaudhary is likely to lead the drive after Diwali. Jayant will also flag off a campaign in the state in a bid to create awareness about a host of civic issues, essentially the problem of saline water in some of the districts in west UP.A senior RLD leader said that the drive had effectively been delayed because of the absence of a state president after former RLD state president Baba Hardev Singh resigned from the post following differences with the party's top leadership.Speaking to TOI, Chauhan said that the changes will be brought in right from the booth level committees to the state committees after due consultation with Ajit Singh. \"The objective is to prepare a cadre that could play a vital role in the Lok Sabha elections due anytime in 2014,\" Chauhan said.Party sources said that the emphasis will be given to the youth, besides incorporating some of the influential people in different villages. \"There happens to be a section of people who have a significant say at the village and block level,\" Chauhan said.Earlier on October 12, the Congress had decided to depute independent party observers, drawn from different states, to identify probable candidates for each of the 80 parliamentary constituencies in UP.RLD had received a battering during the assembly elections it contested in alliance with the Congress. The party was reduced to just another party with an almost negligible presence, barely retaining its tally of nine. The tally was further reduced to eight after Jayant Chaudhary resigned from Mant, which was later won by Trinamool Congress's Shyam Sunder Sharma in by-poll.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16998613", "title": "87-hour bhajan programme ends", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The non-stop 87-hour all-religion bhajan programme, organised by Sri Sathya Sai Seva Sangathan Allahabad and Uttarakhand , concluded at Mathur Vaisya Dharmshala of Mumforgunj, on Sunday. The programme, being held as a prelude to 87th birthday celebrations of Sri Sathya Sai Baba , concluded with a maha mangal aarti by convener of by Sri Sathya Sai Seva Sangathan Allahabad and Uttarakhand, Ravish Khanna .Earlier, spreading the message of love, truthfulness, non-violence, peace and co-existence, the 87 hour non-stop bhajan programme started at 5pm on Thursday wherein hundreds of devotees started singing the all-religion bhajans. The programme was inaugurated by Rajeev Chopra, president, Sri Sathya Sai Seva Organization, UP and Uttarakhand. Besides bhajan programme, a daily Narayan Seva is going on to feed leprosy patients, orphanages, and physically handicapped children. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "lajpat nagar", "code": "16999796", "title": "A bit of Goa in Soods\u2019 Lajpat Nagar backyard", "text": "LAJPAT NAGAR: Thanks to his wife, Siddharth Sood's residence in Lajpat Nagar has a little bit of Goa in it. Having grown up surrounded by palms and beaches in Goa, Somya Sood was bound to miss 'home' when she moved to Ludhiana with her husband. But, Siddharth, 31, who considers his wife's happiness of utmost importance, converted his backyard into a shack, similar to those found on the beaches of the tourism capital of India.The design and decor of the shack have been conceptualized by Somya. An evening in the shack virtually transfers one to Goa and that is precisely the reason why most of Soods' friends love to hangout at their place.\"We set up this shack when we moved in this house four years ago and I keep on making changes to it all the time. I have decided to paint it with some more of dark orange and yellow colours,\" said Somya, 30, an HR manager at a private firm, who will pick up the brush in her own hands to paint the shack.The couple and their four-year-old daughter Dhani, a student of Indus World School, usually spend their evenings in their backyard. At times, they even host wine-tasting parties for friends on weekends. In the past four years, their shack has witnessed many family get-together, celebrations, new year parties, apart from numerous cricket matches.Siddharth's close friend and a Tagore Nagar resident Harsh Kakkar said, \"I am usually traveling around the world, but If I am in Ludhiana, we make sure to plan a campfire at his place.\"Another friend of Soods from Badhewal, Supreet Siddhu is the one who reminds their group to meet at least twice a month at their favourite shack. \"Last month, we saw the India-Pakistan match during the T20 World Cup at Somya's shack,\" he said. \"I enjoy partying at the shack and at times, we even selfishly use their shack for our personal parties too,\" says Karanpreet Dhillon of BRS Nagar.Siddharth says his wife and daughter are crazy about Goa, where they spend at least 10 days during every winter. \"The shack's interior is done with articles we get in every visit,\" says the banker, who turns a chef for his friends treating them to barbequed and 'tandoori' items.A breeze of fresh air, chirping birds and a setting sun is all it requires for the Soods to feel a bit of Goa at their shack as they spend their evenings in peace with their dog Bozo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17003612", "title": "Amy enjoying the China stint", "text": "The shoot for the Vikram-Amy Jackson starrer is on in full swing and the cast and the crew has camped out in China for quite some time now. The unit, reportedly has camped at the place where Ang Lee's Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon was shot. Amy had posted on her micro-blogging page from the location, \"Reached our new China spot, it's where Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon was filmed! Hope me Vikram &amp; Moi will be flying about the place too!\" Shankar had taken the audience around the world in the Prashanth-Aishwarya Rai-starrer Jeans with the song Adhisayam . It looks like the director is all set to impress the audience once again with I.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17004540", "title": "Ojaswi Oberoi and Sanjay Swaraj in Mahadev", "text": "Audiences know about Bhasmasur and his tragic but comedy story of gaining mortality. Soon in Life OK's Devo Ke Dev Mahadev, the makers will narrate the story of Bhasmasur.According to the mythology, Bhasmasur is the one who gets a boon from Mahadev ( Mohit Raina) to convert anything into ashes just by his touch. In return, Bhasmasur tries the 'ash trick' on lord Shiva but fails and ends up transferring Shiva into a bird.Further more, with the help of lord Vishnu ( Saurab Raj Jain), Shiva comes up with an idea to teach Bhasmasur a lesson. Interestingly, lord Vishnu transforms himself into a beautiful apsara , Mohini, who woos Bhasmasur and leads to his end.To do the justice to the character, Ojaswi Oberoi last seen in Life OK's Aasman Se Aage is been roped in to essay Mohini, who loves dancing and becomes a reason for Bhasmasur's end.On the other hand the role of Bhasmasur will be played by Sanjay Swaraj.While Ojaswi confirmed the news, Sanjay Swaraj remained unavailable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "16999815", "title": "Morning walkers skip Gaya Gandhi Maidan", "text": "GAYA: The number of morning walkers taking a stroll in the Gandhi Maidan here has, of late, come down on account of the unhindered growth of a poisonous grass on the sprawling maidan including the periphery of the tiled walk path built for the benefit of morning walkers.Parthinium hyeterphorus (botanical name), a health hazard popularly known as American grass/carrot grass, abounds in Gandhi Maidan. The grass, according to Dr Ratan Kumar, besides causing breathing problems also causes skin disease to those coming into its contact.According to plant scientist Minhaj Alam, besides Gandhi Maidan, the hazardous grass is also found at several other places including the premises of animal husbandry and fishery resources department near MG College, Gaya.Alam, who obtained his PhD degree on the study of the American/carrot grass, said that though the grass was first spotted in Pune in 1956, its Bihar entry dated back to 1967.The American grass seeds came to Bihar along with the PL 480 wheat provided by the Americans during the 1967 drought. Since then, the grass has entrenched itself in several parts of the state, says Minhaj Alam. His study found that the grass caused problems including itching, rashes and Contact Dermatitis.According to activist Lalji Prasad, some of the more health conscious morning walkers of the town have shifted to other areas. When contacted, Gaya Mayor Vibha Devi said that she was not aware of the presence of the hazardous American grass in Gandhi Maidan. Now that she has come to know about the grass and its harmful effects, she will get the grass completely removed from the Maidan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16995847", "title": "Some off-the-track fun", "text": "Thanks to the race weekend that just went by in the capital, Scuderia Ferrari driver Felipe Massa was here and had some off-the-track fun too. On Thursday, Massa prepared a special cocktail through which he explained the making of Shell Helix Ultra engine oil.Cara Tredget, the technology manager of Shell Formula One, was also present when Massa was preparing the cocktail, and she explained the importance of base oil. Speaking about his experience, Massa said, \"The behind-the-scenes work during an F1 race never stops. This cocktail has been an exciting way to discover and learn about the complicated process behind blending that perfect engine oil which will hopefully give us an edge above the rest in an extremely competitive sport.\"The country head of Shell Lubricants, Nitin Prasad, shared some details about the Ferrari and Shell relation, saying, \"The partnership between Shell and Ferrari has been nurtured over a period of over 60 years. Shell Helix Ultra motor oil is the only motor oil recommended by Ferrari for use in their road cars everywhere in the world.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16998266", "title": "5-year-old abducted, raped, killed in Noida", "text": "NOIDA: A five-year-old girl was allegedly kidnapped, raped and murdered by a neighbour on Saturday in Noida. Police said the girl had gone missing on October 24 from Sultanpur.\"The accused, Amit, a driver, took the girl to a Dussehra fair after which she went missing. On Friday, a labourer found the girl lying in a field near Sultanpur and Nagla village. She was taken to a nearby hospital where doctors declared her dead,\" said a police officer. Family members allege that the girl was molested and raped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16997370", "title": "Kiran dillydallies over cop transfers", "text": "HYDERABAD: Of the many files sitting on the table of chief minister Kiran Reddy is one that pertains to transfer of top police officials. The file has not moved for the last one month and nobody knows for sure when Kiran will be inclined to look at the contents of the file, much less take a decision on them. Highly reliable sources told TOI that the file contains proposals relating to transfers of a staggering number of 50 officials. These include officials from the level of district superintendents of police (SPs) to additional director general of police (ADGPs). Some city commissioners of police are also proposed to be moved. \"It is half an hours job at the most. The proposals have been readied after discussions with the chief minister. He has now to go through the contents of the file once and approve it,\" said an official source familiar with the manner in which Kiran Reddy deals with files. \"But his nature is such that he has this strange disinclination to look at files,\" says the source.Even as transfers are pending, there is a certain amount of restiveness in police headquarters and agitation amongst public representatives. A vociferous lady MP is particularly upset because she perceives that the SP in her home district is out to \"spoil her trip.\" Apparently the chief minister had promised her a replacement, but now sitting tight. Sources said that some of officers proposed to be changed are making money by the fistful. \"Many of them are aware that they might move soon so have 'accelerated' their activities\", sources said adding that this was giving a bad name to the administration. Many of the corrupt cops have also begun to activate their own lobbies to ensure that their transfer is stalled.Sources, however, pointed out that neither is the CM singling out the police in showing his lack of decisiveness nor is this the first time that police transfers were stalled. Earlier on, during the tenure of Aravinda Rao as DGP, Kiran Kumar had similarly sat on a massive police transfer for a few weeks. \"It was only after intense pressure that the proposals got a green signal from the CM,\" a source said. Police sources aver that with DGP Dinesh Reddy now getting a clear term for another two years, the CM will do well to smoothen the administration by effecting the transfers immediately. But will this happen, is the question.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16999603", "title": "Mughal-era treasures on display in UK", "text": "LONDON: Treasures from the Mughal-era, including the gem-set crown worn by Bahadur Shah II, last emperor of the dynasty which ruled India for about 200 years, will be displayed in a major exhibition in the UK.Jewels, rare ornaments, paintings and intricately illustrated manuscripts exploring the extravagant lives of the Mughal emperors will feature in the British Library's exhibition, The Telegraph reported.A rare jade and gem-studded 'fly-whisk', dating from the mid-17th century, will also be on loan from a private collection. It is thought to have been used by an attendant to Shah Jahan.The exhibition, which opens next month, will also include treasures from the reign of Jahan's father, Jahangir Shah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16999602", "title": "Autorickshaws remain district\u2019s lifeline", "text": "All plans of developing Mohali into an international city remain on paper or in talks as the district lacks basic amenities.Mohali does not have its own local bus facility, forcing residents to rely on auto rickshaws, which have literally become the district's lifeline. While there are around 750 autos running in the district alone, most of these operate on sharing basis, as a result end up overloading.Seeing the excellent business opportunities over the years, the strength of auto rickshaws have also increased as one can easily find an auto, but rarely a bus. On the busy stretch from phases VI to XI, one can find hundreds of autos plying, charging a nominal Rs 10 flat rate (on sharing basis) for the entire 8km commute.On the flip side, for a commuter sharing an auto patience and perseverance is the only option as no matters how late you are running, the auto driver will stop at his usual points, pick more passengers and inevitably end up overloading.Getting a separate auto is surely an option, but a very expensive one - a standard Rs 200 or more is charged for an 8km commute in the district. Unless one is willing to pay a hefty amount on auto rickshaws, sharing is the only option or worse, waiting for a CTU bus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16998057", "title": "Maharashtra blanked out in Cabinet rejig", "text": "NEW DELHI: By late Saturday evening, it was clear that Maharashtra had been given the go-by in Sunday's ministerial reshuffle - a mystery that party leaders were unable to resolve even 24 hours later as they pointed to the political damage in a large state that sends 48 MPs to Lok Sabha.Failure of the Congress high command to zero in on replacements for the late Vilasrao Deshmukh and Mukul Wasnik, who resigned from the Cabinet, have exposed a depleting political reservoir in a state where Congress was a dominant force but now faces a stiff challenge.Despite recent controversies like the Adarsh housing scandal, Deshmukh was seen to be an organic politician with the capacity for grassroots organization. His departure seems to have left a void that the party is finding hard to fill.Former CM Ashok Chavan is seen to have some traction in Marathwada but the Adarsh bogey has clipped his wings. He managed to save the Nanded corporation for Congress but cannot yet be rehabilitated. The eclipse of other leaders like Narayan Rane in Konkan has added to the party's vulnerability.The sugar belt has seen Congress and NCP vie for influence and Maharashtra CM Prithviraj Chavan has as yet not been able to make a difference to the former's fortunes in this area of rich cooperative bosses. If Congress was looking for a Maratha replacement, there wasn't one.Congress faces similar dilemmas in north Maharashtra and Vidarbha although Nagpur MP Vilas Muttemwar could have been a choice on seniority and regional representation. Hopes rest on two remaining vacancies in the Manmohan Singh ministry being considered for the state.Congress leaders agree that the party has of late been able to check the aggression of NCP with the resignation of Ajit Pawar and corruption cases dogging other leaders. But it is being argued that younger leaders be given a chance in the state even if the central equation is more complicated.Having held its own against the NCP will not be enough as Congress needs to come up with a political plan to combat the likely alliance of two Shiv Sena factions and BJP. The division caused by Maharashtra Navnirman Sena leader Raj Thackeray has helped Congress win in Mumbai in the past.A tough political environment has meant the CM requires to come up with political moves that can counter a widespread disillusionment with Congress at the state and the Centre. Lack of representation is bound to be used by the opposition to target Congress.Sena is likely to raise the low representation of Maharashtrians in the Congress quota.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17003355", "title": "Janani goes to Malayalam", "text": "Janani Iyer has been roped in to play the female lead in Sugeeth's (of Ordinary fame) Three Dots. The film has Kunchacko Boban, Biju Menon and Prathap Pothen playing the male leads. The shooting for Three Dots will commence in December.Janani Iyer was last seen in Paagan, opposite Srikanth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16997955", "title": "Techie, friend robbed near Chandani chowk", "text": "PUNE: Three days after robbing an MBA student and his friend near Chandani Chowk, two unidentified men struck again on early Sunday morning and robbed an IT professional and his friend of their gold ornaments and cash, all worth Rs 89,200.The incident took place on Katraj-Dehuroad bypass near Dukkar Khind around 12.30am on Sunday, when complainant Nilesh Bhade (26) of Kothrud was returning home with his friend.Inspector of the Warje Malwadi police station P N Solankar said police suspect the involvement of the same men who had robbed the MBA student from Bavdhan, Nisarg Patel (22), on Thursday near Chandani Chowk.Solankar said Bhade, who works with an IT company, and his friend had come to Warje for some work on Saturday night. On early Sunday morning, the two set out on their bike to return home in Kothrud. \"When they reached Dukkar Khind on Katraj-Dehuroad bypass, two men on another motorcycle dashed against Bhade's motorcycle. Bhade and his friend fell off the motorcycle,\" Solankar said.Solankar said the other two men started abusing Bhade and his friend. The man who was riding the bike told Bhade he was not riding the motorcycle properly. He then took charge of Bhade's motorcycle and forced Bhade and his friend to sit behind him and told his accomplice to follow them. \"They rode the motorcycle to a secluded place on a hillock behind a building on the bypass. They thrashed Bhade and his friend and took away their gold chain and cash and fled,\" Solankar said.Solankar said Patel and his friend were robbed of gold chains, cash and a scooter in similar fashion. \"The description of the suspects given by Patel and Bhade also matches.Solankar said police have launched a search operation to trace the suspects. \"We have intensified patrolling, especially along that particular stretch of the bypass,\" Solankar said.eom/mt", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16997908", "title": "Woman commits suicide over poorly cooked chow", "text": "JAIPUR: Depressed by her husband's scolding over poorly cooked chow, a 24-year-old woman committed suicide by hanging from the ceiling fan at her residence at Bhatto Ki Gali area in the city.The incident took place on Saturday night when Souman Bishwas (29) who is into polishing rough gemstones asked his wife Tuma Bishwas (24) to cook some chow for the dinner, police said. \"The dish according to the husband was overcooked. Later, the husband reprimanded her for serving him a poorly cooked dish and went out of home to have something from the food stall,\" a senior officer at the Manak Chowk police station said on Sunday. Souman also took along their six-year-old daughter Tarmista to the food stall. When the duo returned at 10.30 pm they were shocked to find the house locked from inside.\"When it did not open for almost half-an-hour Souman broke the door lock and was stunned to see his wife hanging from a ceiling fan,\" said a police officer. Soon after, a team of senior police officers and FSL experts reached the spot and rushed the woman to the SMS hospital where she was declared brought dead.Police said prima facie it is a suicide case which resulted from a fit of anger. \"No suicide note was recovered from the spot. People living in the neighborhood also said Souman and his wife were a happily married couple and not into any kind of family feud,\" a senior officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17005233", "title": "Middletons risk wrath of James Bond producers", "text": "The Middletons, who were accused of trying to cash in on the royal wedding and then breached strict advertising laws surrounding the Olympics, seem to have offended an even more formidable foe this time - James Bond .Just days before the new Bond film 'Skyfall' was released, their party company was advertising apparently unlicensed 007 merchandise, urging online shoppers to throw their own 'secret agent' event.The Party Pieces website featured an advert dedicated to the movie, complete with the James Bond Skyfall logo, its release date and an iconic black and white picture of the film's star, Daniel Craig, seen through the barrel of a gun.The Middletons' keenness to make money out of the phenomenon appears to have raised eyebrows among the legendary Broccoli family, who not only produce the Bond films but own all product, image and merchandising rights.A spokesman for their UK-based firm, Eon Productions, said that they were aware who owned Party Pieces, set up in 1987 by the Duchess of Cambridge's mother, Carole Middleton .They said the issue had been passed on to the marketing and legal department - meaning that Party Pieces is very likely to be unlicensed to thrill.\"It is not something we comment on but the film makers are very protective of everything they have built up,\" the Daily Mail quoted the spokesman as saying.\"It is something we take very seriously,\" he added.The situation is particularly awkward as the Duchess Kate's father-in-law, Prince Charles and his wife Camilla were guests of honour at the royal world premiere of Skyfall last week, where they met Daniel Craig and the Bond cast as well as Miss Broccoli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17000779", "title": "'30% cable TV connections yet to go digital'", "text": "MUMBAI: Cable operators dismissed the state government's claim that close to 90 % television connections in Mumbai had been digitalized . They said the actualfigureis around 70%.Presidentof Cable Operators' Association Anil Parab said if the government stopped analog signals to the TVs of the remaining 30 % homesin thecity from November 1, there would be no channels to watch, which may lead to widespread anger on the streets , especially againsttheoperators .Over 3,000cableoperatorsledby Parab reviewed TV digitalization at a meeting on Sunday with only three days to go for a 'blackout' of analog signals by the Centre in four metros of the country, including Mumbai . \"Who will takethe responsibility of attackson operators ? Because of poor awareness about digitalization among the low-income group ,theconfusion over shareof operators and consumers in the paid channels , and the shortage of Set Top Boxes (STBs ), the switchover has been delayed ,\"he said .Parab demanded that the date of 'blackout' fixedfor analog signalson the midnight of October 31 st should be extended till midnight of December 31 so that in the new year only digital signals are allowed in the metro. \"By that time we hope to achieve digitalization as cable operators are not opposed to it,\" he said.Abhay Dudhale of Maharashtra Navnirman Cable Sena and Jagdish Joshi of Eastern Cable Operators Welfare Association demanded more time to bring transparency in revenue sharing and to achieve total digitalization. In the analog system the cable is directly attachedtotheTVto get you 100channels atRs 150to200 per monthbutwithout any interactivesystem .However ,in a digitalized system there are two types - direct to home (DTH) and Digital Access System (DAS ).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "16998403", "title": "Renault high on Red Bull in Formula One", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Sunday was a special day for not only the two Red Bull Racing drivers, but for their engine supplier Renault as well. Sunday marked Renault's 150th win in Formula One , following their 201st pole position on Saturday.Renault have been supplying engines to Red Bull since 2007 but a change in regulations in 2009 changed the fortunes of both parties. \"Red Bull have got a quarter of the pole positions for us and helped us to get to this number. But we got more than 50 wins with Williams. This clearly shows that whether it is with Red Bull or other teams, Renault is still doing its job,\" Renault Sport F1's head of track operations Remi Taffin told TOI.The company's first pole came back in 1979 at the South African Grand Prix, when Renault made its first foray into F1 with the V6 engine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16999577", "title": "Arogya Bharti to adopt 5K villages in 5 years", "text": "PATNA: RSS's health-related outfit, Arogya Bharti, has decided to adopt 1,000 villages every year for its 'Swasth Gram' programme over the next five years. It will also train 5,000 volunteers called 'Arogya Mitra' to perform advisory function in the villages concerned by 2014, and by 2017, the number of such volunteers will be increased to 10,000, covering all the 350 villages. This was announced by Arogya Bharti's national secretary Dr Ramesh Gautam during the outfit's three-day all-India delegate session that concluded here on Sunday.He further said the country does not need super specialty hospitals as, due to the high cost of medical care that they provide, they can only address the health-care needs of people with heavy purses or high purchasing power, leaving out the vast segment of the poor or people from low-income groups unattended.\"Super specialty hospitals are a burden on the poor. The need today is to maintain the health of healthy people and provide health-care to the poor and deprived,\" Dr Gautam said, adding, in course, that 90% of the ailments that afflict people, including the poor, could be treated with \"simple traditional systems of medicine, or with low-cost medicines, that could be managed even at home. It has been the traditional practice in all households in the country, but largely forgotten.\"According to him, the health policies of the country are not only influenced by the policy prescriptions of World Health Organisation (WHO) but the WHO itself is influenced by interests of multi-national pharmaceutical companies. \"As such, the existing medical practice in the country is treatment oriented. We also take interest in treatment-oriented activities, but it is not on our priority list. Our policy prescription goes beyond it,\" Dr Gautam said. He was accompanied by Patna-based renowned surgeon Dr Narendra Prasad, the vice-president of Arogya Bharti, among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16998650", "title": "At 77, retired govt employee writes PhD entrance exam", "text": "NEW DELHI: For 77-year-old Binay Kumar, age is no bar when it comes to education. Recently, Kumar appeared for the entrance test of a PhD programme, thereby becoming the oldest PhD aspirant in the history of Indira Gandhi National Open University. Making the most of the flexibility of the Open and Distance Learning (ODL) system, Kumar has completed his masters' programme offered by Ignou before applying for a doctorate level programme.Kumar, a resident of Patna, traveled all the way to Delhi to sit for the for the entrance test on September 29. Prior to his, he had successfully completed a postgraduate diploma in distance education and masters' of arts from Ignou. Born in 1936, Kumar spent around 30 years of his life in a government job - research officer (statistics) in department of animal husbandry, Government of Bihar - before retiring in 1994.When TOI asked him what motivates him to take the tests , Kumar said: \"In 1994, I attended the 13th conference of the Asian Association of Open Universities (AAOU) in Delhi as a common participant. The theme of the conference was 'Structure and Management of Open Learning System'. I soon realized that the theme of the conference was similar to my spiritual organization - to focus on better life and education for all. I then pledged to pursue higher education through ODL as it is affordable and I can set an example for the society.\"Kumarhas four sons and two daughters. One of his sons is a doctor, another a lawyer, third is working with a bank, while the fifth one is settled in Canada . Both the daughters are post graduate and teach in government schools.According to Ignou officials, access and flexibility are inherent strength of ODL system, but the success of the system depends upon learners' attitude as well. \"However, when a person is determined to achieve something, age does not matter,\" said chief PRO of Ignou, Ravi Mohan. \"And septuagenarian Kumar was not an isolated example at the examination centre as there were about 10 more aspirants in the age group of 55-65 who turned up to take the exam this year. But Kumar was the eldest among them all,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16998182", "title": "Top jockey honours for Sandesh, Dashrath", "text": "PUNE: Young jockey Akhade Sandesh stole the limelight on the concluding day of Pune Season 2012, on Sunday, when he guided three winners to join overnight leader jockey Dashrath Singh at the top with 31 wins and share the honours for the leading jockey of the season.In fact, till the last race of the day, Sandesh, son of a joyride provider from Matheran, was trailing Dashrath by one win in the race to the jockey championship. The 20-year-old then displayed his natural talent, a hallmark of saddle artists from the hilly terrains of Matheran, to win the final race. It was his first jockey honour in his three-year-old career.\"It's a dream come true for me,\" said an elated Sandesh. Dashrath too was happy for Sandesh. \"He deserved this. He rode brilliantly.\"Dallas Todywalla, who was leading Narendra Lagad by a single win overnight, won two more races on Sunday to establish his supremacy among trainers. Todywalla ended with 27 wins to his credit, while Lagad finished with 24.Other winnersLeading Apprentice Jockey: Tushar Nemane; Leading Jockey with Allowance: Shrikant kamble; Leading Owner: MAM Ramaswamy", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "16998702", "title": "Officer in-charge suspended for slapping constable", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Officer in-charge of Charhi police station Binod Kumar Singh was suspended on Sunday for allegedly assaulting traffic constable Akhilesh Singh who prevented him from entering a no-entry zone.DSP Satish Kumar Jha said the officer who was driving his car entered the no-entry zone on Saturday night and he was stopped by the constable on duty. \"The officer got furious and slapped him. Immediately the constable informed the incident to the SP and Policemen's Association,\" said the DSP. The angry policemen rushed to Jhanda Chowk near the Sadar police station and sat on a dharna demanding suspension and arrest of the officer. Later, the police association members also protested before the Hazaribag SP demanding action against the accused police officer.The SP taking up the matter seriously ordered a probe in the matter. \"In the inquiry, the officer was found guilty and the SP ordered for suspension,\" said the DSP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16998389", "title": "Aditya Patel caps off weekend with 2nd podium", "text": "NEW DELHI: FIA steward Kamlesh Patel must be a proud man. His son Aditya capped off a brilliant weekend at the Buddh International Circuit with a scintillating drive to second place in Race Two of the JK Racing Asia Series on Sunday. After finishing third in Race One on Saturday, Aditya added a second podium during his guest drive for EuroInternational.\"It was a great feeling being on the podium here in front of my home crowd and to do it again today feels just brilliant,\" said Aditya on Sunday. Compatriot Akhil Khushlani impressed with his driving skills and finished seventh while Raj Bharath and Vishnu Prasad ended ninth and tenth respectively.It was South African Aston Hare who took away the honours finishing ahead of Aditya.\"After Nabil Jeffri's drive-through penalty I was leading the race for a while but pushed the car too hard and lost the performance of the tyres. Hare took advantage of that but I am satisfied with the overall result,\" Aditya said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17001755", "title": "Hollywood celebs glam up for Halloween party", "text": "Hollywood celebrities had to put their thinking caps in order to come up with creative costumes for an exclusive Beverly Hills Halloween party on Friday.Seal was taking his split from Heidi Klum in stride, grabbing a date and dressing up as players for the Boston Celtics and Los Angeles Lakers , respectively, the New York Daily News reported.Paris Hilton came as the Queen of Hearts and boyfriend River Viiperi sported a Mad Hatter costume.\"Mad Hatter w my love @ParisHilton \"AliceinWonderland\" #BestHalloweenEver,\" Vipperi tweeted.Emma Roberts came dressed to honor her aunt, Julia Roberts .Emma was a spot-on as Vivian Ward, Julia's character in the '90s comedy 'Pretty Woman.'British model Rosie Huntington-Whiteley donned a peculiar costume of lingerie, fur coat and black rimmed glasses.Even those without costumes were welcome. Cindy Crawford and husband Rande Gerber came dressed in a Hollywood party favorite - black.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17000536", "title": "Dirty drain remains open, dengue danger lurks in Hubli", "text": "HUBLI: A threat of outbreak of dengue and malaria diseases is looming large over Anchatager Oni of Moorusavirutth in the city.Despite a long stretch of drain remaining open for many days, spreading stench and fear of diseases, the Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation (HDMC) officials are yet to swing into action.The civic body's lackadaisical attitude in maintaining the area clean and covering open drains with slabs is posing health hazards to people. In many places, road users are forced to wade through the overflowing drain to reach their destinations.When it rains, drain water gets mixed with rainwater and stagnated on the road. It often enters into the nearby houses, making their life more miserable. Residents are also complaining about the stink emanating from these clogged drains.As this stretch is not cleaned regularly, it often gets blocked and dirty water overflows on the road. It has become a breeding place for mosquitoes. Pigs and stray dogs throng this area and cause inconvenience to people living nearby.Recently, a two-year-child fell into a 5-ft deep open drain and was luckily rescued by alert neighbours.Lakshman Habib, a resident of Anchatgeri Oni said all their appeals to the corporation authorities to cover up the open drain with slabs fell on deaf ears. The slabs which were put earlier are broken now, he said. Vittal Shiralkar, a shop owner said as the area is stinking, they work by covering their faces with napkins.Kavita, a homemaker said, \"While cooking and eating, we have to close our doors and windows to avoid stench. The drains are not cleaned regularly and are choked, resulting in overflowing of drain water on roads.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16997867", "title": "Tech university seeks cyber experts\u2019 help to counter hacking bids", "text": "JAIPUR: In a bid to control the rising cyber attacks on websites of Rajasthan Technical University (RTU) its affiliated colleges, the university has decided to hire the services of cyber security professionals. These professionals will strengthen their networking system to counter the attacks on their websites.As part of strengthening its internet security network, the RTU has planned short term course, workshops and seminars on cyber laws and ethical hacking for its students. \"I have been receiving many complaints of cyber attacks but we feel helpless in the absence of any mechanism which could help us in safeguarding our networking,\" said RP Yadav, vice-chancellor of RTU. He expressed fears that if corrective measures are not take taken soon, the situation would turn from bad to worse.Students, mainly with engineering or computer backgrounds, are aware of the tools being used for hacking such as such as key loggers, network sniper, remote access tools and Trojan softwares. Incidents of cyber attacks on private engineering colleges have become very common and in most cases it is found to be the handiwork of students.Recently, a private engineering college website was defaced leaving the management in a tizzy. In another incident, which highlighted the extent of students' wrongdoing happened at a government engineering college in Bharatpur when the authorities found differences in internal marks between what they had uploaded and sent to RTU, and the marks on their master computer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "16999629", "title": "Fiza\u2019s sisters move court", "text": "MOHALI: The sisters of 42-year-old Fiza Mohammed aka Anuradha Bali have filed a joint petition in the district courts seeking release of her moveable and immovable assets of Fiza.Fiza's sisters \u2014 Monika Sharma, Anjali Ramsoondur and Aditi Arya \u2014 filed the joint petition on Saturday, following which Mohali police has been asked to respond. Fiza was the eldest of all the three sisters and left properties worth crores.Fiza was found dead in her Sector 48-C residence under mysterious circumstances on August 6. The district police recovered a total cash of Rs 1.4 crore and jewellery worth around Rs 35 lakh from various lockers of the deceased. The entire recovery is placed in Punjab state treasury.The former assistant advocate general of Haryana, Fiza, hit the headlines after her marriage with former deputy chief minister of Haryana, Chandermohan, after converting her religion in 2008. Fiza's death is still a mystery for district police Mohali, though autopsy report and forensic examination established the presence of poison in her body. District police are still investigating the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17004104", "title": "Tollywood biggies cursing the director", "text": "Tollywood biggies have been cursing choreographer-turned-director Lawrence for what he had done to them. Surprised! Here is the actual story. Few days back, Rebel producers filed a complaint with Producers Council against Lawrence for going over budget which led to heavy losses. According to them the estimated budget of the film was around Rs 23 crore, but ended up as Rs 40 crore project.As the issue reached the Income Tax department, the officials issued notices to the Producers Council seeking the details of total expenditure of the film Rebel to cross check with the returns filed by the cast and crew. If the figures don't tally, then the concerned parties should get ready to pay heavy penalties.I-T Department is going to apply the same theory to all the other films to bring transparency in budget issues. In most cases, Tollywood biggies including actors, directors and technicians are getting their pay packages in 40:60 ration of white and black. From now, all these stars need to be extra cautious as they are under the I-T scanner.Source: www.gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16999732", "title": "Two die after falling from CR trains", "text": "MUMBAI: In two separate incidents that occurred within 24 hours, two people fell to their death from Central Railway (CR) local trains between Kalyan and Thakurli stations.A 58-year-old man, Vijay Pathare, resident of the Kumbharkhan Pada area in Dombivli (E), died after he fell off a Dombivli slow local running local trainon Saturday around 8.30pm. He was identified as Vijay Pathare, resident of Kumbharkhan pada area in Dombivli east. He was in a Dombivali slow train when the accident occurred around 8.35pm.Police have registered the case as accidental death. In another incident, Jeevan Sakre (28), a resident of Pisvali in Kalyan, was on his way to work towards Thane to attend work his job on Sunday morning, when he fell off a fast local near Patripul due to the compartment being overcrowded. due to overcrowded local train he fell down from fast local train near Patripul situated before Thakuri station. After he fell down someWitnesses informed Sakre's parents of the mishap and took the victim to a hospital in Kalyan (W) where he died. witness him informed to his parents from number given by victim, who then took him to Shreedevi hospital in Kalyan west were during treatment he was declared died at 3pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16998136", "title": "Khurshid hits the ground running, has busy week ahead", "text": "NEW DELHI: Bangladesh's leader of opposition Begum Khaleda Zia will be the first foreign dignitary to interact with newly minted foreign minister Salman Khurshid on Tuesday.Khurshid got cracking hours after being elevated to the position. In a semi-formal handover, S M Krishna bid farewell to the top officials of the ministry before making way for his successor. Khurshid received his first high-level briefing from the four secretaries in the foreign ministry in the late afternoon.The new minister has a busy week ahead of him. In his acceptance statement, Khurshid said, \"It is a learning curve which will have to be steep because we have to really hit the ground running. We have important visitors this week. I will need to get up to scratch on everything that I need to know before I get into dialogue and conversations with them.\"Begum Khaleda's visit is being given a great deal of importance. India has been seen to be close to her rival, Sheikh Hasina . It will fall to Khurshid to utilize his eloquence and political training to try and turn around Begum Khaleda's legendary hostility to India.Later in the week, Khurshid will have an important bilateral meeting with the Iranian foreign minister Ali Akbar Salehi . While Salehi is one of the 10 ministers coming to India for the IORARC (Indian Ocean Rim Association for Regional Cooperation) ministerial scheduled for the coming weekend, he will have a separate bilateral interaction with the Indian leadership.The meeting with the Iranian minister assumes importance in the context of rising tensions with the west over Tehran's nuclear programme. The US has urged India to persuade Iran to return to the negotiating table.Another important meeting will be with Sri Lankan foreign minister G L Peiris, also scheduled for later this week. Soon after, Khurshid will travel to Laos to represent the PM at the Asia-Europe summit. In a way, he will cut his teeth on some important bilateral interactions and multilateral forums.Khurshid is no stranger to the foreign ministry, having served as minister of state (1993-96) in the Narasimha Rao government, as well as an officer on special duty (OSD) in Indira Gandhi's government.In 1994, Khurshid and former PM Atal Bihari Vajpayee famously represented India at the UN Human Rights Commission which was debating a Pakistan-sponsored resolution on Kashmir. The resolution failed after some stirring speeches by both Khurshid and Vajpayee -- it was also a time when Iran supported India, unlike other Islamic states.Khurshid is also expected to fill a missing ingredient in the Krishna years -- of eloquence and erudition -- attributes that matter in a foreign minister. He said, \"It is an honour and responsibility to become part of one of India's greatest traditions in modern times and that is the Indian foreign policy which is being admirably supported and implemented by generations of outstanding foreign service officers.\"The foreign ministry will also expect Khurshid to take interest in appointments and postings, many of which had been stalled in the past few months. There was a feeling in the ministry that key personnel decisions were being taken by the former foreign minister's adviser, which was quietly resented.Khurshid has already displayed understanding of the issues he will be dealing with. \"Some very difficult questions are thrown at us from time to time and we have to be prepared in very difficult atmosphere in the world because of stress on the economy, because of the very contested claims on issues like climate change, on issues like restructuring of institutions, on issues like international security and terrorism,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "dibrugarh", "code": "16998139", "title": "4 Maoists held in Dibrugarh", "text": "DIBRUGARH: Security forces arrested four Maoists from Chabua in Dibrugarh district on Saturday. Chabua is also the home of Ulfa commander-in-chief Paresh Baruah. In a separate incident in the district, a police official was injured in an encounter with Ulfa militants on Sunday.A joint team of police and CRPF personnel led by additional SP (Dibrugarh) Pranjit Bora first apprehended a Maoist ultra, Ritul Das, while he was heading towards Chabua on a motorcycle at around 2pm on Sunday. One .22 pistol, five round of live bullets, one magazine and 16 demand notes written on CPI (Maoist) letterheads were found in his possession.Following his interrogation, three more Maoists cadres were nabbed from various places in Chabua. They have been identified as Anup Hazarika alias Rahul Dutta, Biraj Sutradhar and Biraj Dehingia. Police said that Anup Hazarika has claimed to be the Maoist commander of Dibrugarh district.\"Recently, the Maoists had served an extortion note of Rs five lakh to a businessman of Chabua. During initial interrogation, they revealed that they were trying to expand their base in the district on the instructions of Aditya Bora, a top-rung Maoist leader,\" said a police official.Meanwhile, Dibrugarh police said officer in-charge of Moran police station Utpal Bora, who was leading the police team in the encounter with Ulfa rebels, was struck by two bullets in his hand at Naziraporia village in Khowang area, about 30 km from Dibrugarh town.Bora has been shifted to the Assam Medical College and Hospital for treatment. A surrendered Ulfa man, Papula Thakuria, who was assisting the police during the operation, was gunned down by the Ulfa rebels during the gunbattle. Police recovered two Chinese grenades, one bottle grenade and two motorcycles abandoned by the ultras from the encounter site.The state has been on a high alert following infiltration of Maoists from the Maoist-infested neighbouring states of West Bengal , Jharkhand and Orissa. Security sources said that the Maoists, who tried to tap Adivasi militant outfits in the region, are getting the support of the Paresh Baruah faction of Ulfa after all the five Adivasi outfits declared ceasefire; three of them are currently holding talks with the government.Two overground Maoist organizations have been identified in the state - Assam Chah Yuba Sangathan and Chah Janajati Surakha Samity - and the presidents of the two organizations, Tingraj Orang and Aditya Bora, were arrested in Jharkhand where they had gone for training. The duo has been released on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16999090", "title": "Northern peripheral road not before legal hurdles crossed", "text": "GURGAON: Even though the deadline to complete work on the northern peripheral road (NPR), or Dwarka expressway, has been extended till the end of this year, the stretch will be not be functional until all the ongoing legal cases are resolved and various portions of the road are connected. NPR is being built under the public private partnership (PPP) model and will provide connectivity between Dwarka and National Highway 8 at Kherki Dhaula.The project has already missed two deadlines in the past. Initially, the plan was to complete the road by March 2012, but it was later extended till September 30.At present, out of the total length of 18 kilometres, work is under way on 14 kilometres. Construction work is hampered by a host of issues including legal cases against the land acquired by HUDA for the project. As many as 17 legal cases are pending in Punjab and Haryana high court. Moreover, as many as eight factories are coming in the way of the road. According to the court's directive, factory owners will have to be first allocated land in lieu of present locations, apart from being given nine months for replacing the factories. So far, factory owners have not been given possession of the land.The construction work is going on in 12 patches, the longest being 5.1km. There are many small patches measuring as short as 200m. However, not a single patch is connected to the main road.There are other obstacles in the way of the NPR. Within about 100 metres comes a raw water pump house of Basai water treatment plant. An estimate has been prepared to construct a new pump house, but tenders are yet to be floated. A portion of SEZ is also coming in the way for which solutions are yet to be taken. Over a dozen high tension wire towers also come in the way of construction, which are yet to be relocated.\"There are a dozen court cases relating to the land which have stalled the work in a substantial portion of the total 18km. Till the cases are not resolved, the work cannot be completed,\" said Pankaj Kumra, HUDA chief engineer.As per the plan, the NPR project will have all the modern road infrastructure provisions like the Bus Rapid Transit (BRT) corridor to ensure smooth flow of traffic. As per the plan, foot overbridges will also be constructed on the entire stretch of the NPR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17000063", "title": "Vigilance week in CBSE schools", "text": "All schools affiliated to the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) will observe vigilance awareness week from October 29. Vishakha Sharma reports.In memory of Sardar Vallabh Bhai Patel, the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) will be observing vigilance awareness week in all its schools starting from October 29. The theme of observing vigilance awareness week this year is - transparency in public procurement.The board has been observing this week every year in its schools, after the declaration of the Central Vigilance Commission, that the week beginning from October 31, every year should be observed as vigilance awareness week. The commission this year has decided that the vigilance awareness week would be observed from October 29 to November 3.According to Vineet Joshi, chairman, CBSE, the values in the Indian tradition and governance are best represented by Sardar Vallabh Bhai Patel. He has a major contribution in establishing the administrative structure in India.During this week, students of all the classes through various activities will understand how corruption has become a national issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16998649", "title": "Truck, car collide on NH-8, 2 armymen hurt in another crash", "text": "NEW DELHI: A collision between a truck and a car resulted in a pile up on NH-8 on Saturday night. The truck was later hit by a bus from behind resulting in injuries to few passengers.The incident took place when O P Sharma (54), who works as a store supervisor at IGI airport , was returning home from work in his Alto. As per his complaint, when his car reached near the Shiv Murti area on Delhi-Gurgaon road, a speeding truck, allegedly being driven in a zigzag manner, rammed into it and both vehicles skidded together to some distance.Soon after, a bus hit the truck due to which the former's windshield got damaged and several passengers were injured. Sharma escaped with minor injuries. The accident caused a jam for about half an hour until the vehicles were towed away by the cops who rushed to the spot after being informed by a passerby.Two of the injured have been identified as Neha and Mayuri, police said. The cops have registered a case of rash driving and causing hurt against the truck driver and arrested him.In another incident, two army officers were severely injured after their bike was hit by a Santro while crossing a traffic signal near India Gate on Sunday morning, police said.The incident took place around 9am when Arun Kumar (35) and Ashish (33) were going towards India Gate and were hit by the speeding car coming from the opposite direction. They were then taken to a hospital. A case regarding the incident has been registered against the driver of the car, Vipin (35), who was arrested, said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16998551", "title": "Exam fraud: School principal, cop held", "text": "NEW DELHI: Police managed to thwart yet another attempt to cheat in a government competitive examination with the aid of cellphones. The incident was reported from a government school in Rohini of northwest Delhi where the Staff Selection Commission examination was slated to be organized on Sunday.The police found out that a control room had been set by the accused at a government school in U-Block of Mangolpuri. What was shocking was that the people involved in the crime included the school's principal and a Delhi Police constable posted with the third battalion of Delhi Armed Police.Senior police officers said that they got a breakthrough in the case when the constable Harish (31) was apprehended after a tip-off about the gang. On Friday, TOI had first reported the possible involvement of a cop behind the paper leak incidents.\"Apart from Harish, the school principal, identified as Krishan Kumar (57), and a teacher, Narendra Dahiya (42), were arrested for facilitating the paper leak. Another gang member, identified as Manoj (24), has also been arrested,\" said deputy commissioner of police, BS Jaiswal. The students, who were to receive the answers, had paid as high as Rs 6 lakh each, added a source.DCP Jaiswal said that the ACP Bawana, K P S Malhotra, and his team had been assigned to execute the operation due to their previous record of busting the racket run by Ravi Attri involved in the AIIMS and SBI paper leaks.\"The ACP Bawana intercepted a Santro car near Sector 25 of Rohini on an informer's tip-off and apprehended Manoj and constable Harish. A phone with images of the question papers was recovered from them. After their interrogation, the schools in U-Block Mangolpuri and Sector 1 Rohini were raided and the principal and teacher arrested,\" Jaiswal said.On interrogation, the accused revealed that their entry into the school was facilitated by Dahiya, a physical education teacher. The plan was to scan the question papers with the help of the teacher and the principal and then prints were to be taken out at the control room. There the question paper would be solved with the help of experts and guides and then the answers would be either dictated or messaged to the students who would be in possession of the cell phones inside the examination centre.On Sunday, Manoj entered the premises at 9.30am, scanned the paper on the phone and rushed out by 9.40am. They were on their way to the control room when they were nabbed. Harish is suspected to be behind last Sunday's paper leak case in Model town, too.The modus operandi in this case was different than the earlier ones as the question paper was leaked by the gang members with the teacher's help and not by dummy students from inside the exam hall.The answer was to be sent in two ways. One by text messages to students who had paid less or via calls to cell phones whose microphones and earpieces would be stitched to customized shirts of those who had paid well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17000342", "title": "Science hub in Delhi", "text": "Michael Steiner, German Ambassador to India, talks to Education Times on the new German House for Research and Innovation (DWIH) set up in Delhi on October 27What will DWIH offer to Indian scholars?The German House for Research and Innovation is a unique platform for young bright minds from both countries. Whatever Indian academics want to know about the research landscape in Germany \u2014 from scientific breakthroughs to university scholarships \u2014 they will get it there. The DWIH will facilitate students, young researchers and scientists to engage with German institutions. It will bring together international experts and partners from research institutions, industry , and government. New Delhi will be part of the 'ivy league' of enhanced German academic and research co-operation , along with New York, Moscow, Tokyo and Sao Paulo.In what ways will it take the German-India research collaborations forward?You will have 14 organisations under one roof \u2014 a true scientific consortium. They will join forces in order to have the best menu available for Indian academics \u2014 from workshops to lectures. That is the very idea about having a one-stop shop in the heart of Delhi. The DWIH has several events planned until the end of the year.Which are the areas on which DWIH will focus?Germany is a science and research hub. Hence, the DWIH will have a broad focus to cover all subjects related to science and research, including social sciences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17000002", "title": "New education destinations", "text": "Today , the world is at your fingertips; a mere click away. With new possibilities becoming clear, the decision to study abroad is no longer a distant reality. While Indians embrace the academic life at universities and colleges across the world, the knowledge and skill of the new Indian is revered and welcomed, globally. Also, Indian students today are ready to explore new destinations , going beyond traditional options like the US, UK and Australia.CANADACanada, for instance, has witnessed an exponential growth of Indian students on its campuses . The reason why Indian students are opting for Canada is because of the relative ease of a post-degree work-permit leading to an eventual permanent residency. Importantly, such opportunity is not limited only to Masters and Doctoral degree achievers, but also to a large number of students who earn technical diplomas and certificates of one or two years' duration. Further, the Student Partners Programme and the Post Graduation Work Permit Programme attract an increasing number of Indian students and young scholars to Canada.ITALYSome countries within the European Union are emerging as the Mecca for Indian students. For instance, Italy has emerged as a popular destination with an encouraging number of programmes being taught in English. The focus areas include automotive design, fashion designing , brand and retail management, fashion marketing, advertising and communication . The innate aesthetic sense of design and symmetry that has created world famous brands and products like Ferrari , Lamborghini , Armani , Valentino, Versace, Prada , Roberto Cavalli , Bottega Veneta , Fiat , Vespa, Pirelli and countless others have established the country as a designer's haven. Institutions like Istituto Europeo di Design, Politecnico di Torino, Politecnico di Milano, Universita di Roma, Universita Cattolica and SDA Bocconi, with strict intake criteria, are reputed in the European Union and beyond. Key reasons contributing to Indian students' interest in Italy are ease of entry and subsequent options of staying on. Multiple-entry visas of one year validity are easily granted to students. Residence permit (permesso di soggiorno) is approved within six weeks of application, is renewable annually and allows seamless travel within the 25 Schengen states. It can be applied for immediately-upon-arrival , after establishing a place of residence and a valid health insurance policy, along with one's college admission letter and entry stamp on passport. Due to the average age of the population in Italy increasing to the current level of 45 years, there is a dearth of skilled and young population , thus opening up employment opportunities for immigrants.THE NETHERLANDSThe Dutch education system is designed to encourage a diverse mix of nationalities . Of the 1,560 international study programmes and courses on offer in The Netherlands, many are taught in English , so Indian students find a good range of options. Netherlands has a rich cultural diversity and a large percentage of the Dutch population speaks English, facilitating easier integration of Indian students into the mainstream . The Netherlands was the first non-Englishspeaking country to offer university programmes taught in English. Indian students vie for places in universities like the University of Rotterdam, Technical University Delft, University of Amsterdam , University of Maastricht and the University of The Hague. Many Indian students find it easy to study and subsequently find work in this country that is immigrant-friendly and where the lingua franca is primarily English. Economics, engineering , oceanography, dairy technology, agriculture, horticulture and management are popular subjects of study here.SWEDEN", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17000534", "title": "Students from UP learn to tie 'n' dye", "text": "Hubli: Dyeing, printing and fiber technology in textile course offered by Khadi Gramodyoga Mahavidyalaya has caught the attention of students from Uttar Pradesh.Twelve students from the state are now in Bengeri, Hubli, learning the techniques of dyeing textiles. The course is offered in two places in country - Barabanki town in Uttarpardesh and Bengeri in Hubli.As Uttar Pradesh has a number of textile industries and garment factories there is a huge demand for candidates who have completed this course. The aspirants, who do not make it to the college in their native town, make a beeline to Bengeri for the course.This 15-month course is recognized by the Khadi and Village Industries Commission, Government of India. Candidates armed with this course will also get placements in National Textile Corporation (NTC), Karnataka Silk Industries Corporation (KSIC), composite and processing mills, and also in processing private sectors. Candidates can work as technicians with handsome salary ranging from Rs 12,000 to Rs 14,000 initially.Speaking to TOI, Deepak Kumar and Mohit Kumar, students from UP who are now enrolled for the course, said: \"If we complete this course, it guarantees us plenty of job opportunities in textile industries in our hometown.\"They added that the student intake in their college was just 30 and the seats get filled immediately, leaving students from economically sound backgrounds with no other choice but Bengeri. \"Many more students from our town are likely to join us in the next couple of weeks,\" they said and added that it would be convenient if the government started the course in many more colleges.Ramesh Hugar, head of the department, Khadi Gramodyoga Mahavidyalaya, said students will be taught about various forms of dyeing, printings and fiber technology during the course with practical knowledge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17003368", "title": "NTR shooting for Baadshah\u2019s introduction fight", "text": "The unit of NTR-starrer Baadshah has erected a special set at Aluminum Factory in the city to shoot a high-octane action episode of the film. The fight is apparently NTR's introduction fight, which is tipped to be one of the highpoints in the film. Action choreographer Vijay and his team are supervising this action sequence.Navdeep will be seen as a baddie and Kajal Aggarwal is playing the female lead in this film. SS Thaman is scoring the music while Gopi Mohan and Kona Venkat are providing the script. Other cast includes Prakash Raj, Ritu Varma, Ajay and Supreet. The film is slated for release on March 28, 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16999470", "title": "Railways chugs to north as Bansal gets charge of ministry", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Railways chugs up north after almost 28 years as Chandigarh MP Pawan Kumar Bansal was handed over the ministry in the UPA reshuffle that came into effect on Sunday.Along with the railways, the north also got the law ministry with Rajya Sabha MP Ashwani Kumar, who hails from Gurdaspur in Punjab, being elevated from a minister of state to Union minister of law and justice in the revamp.The information and broadcasting ministry also stayed with the northern region as Ludhiana MP Manish Tewari replaced Ambika Soni, also a Rajya Sabha MP from Punjab, as minister of state for information and broadcasting. Tewari has been given the portfolio with an independent charge.But it was Bansal who brought the most cheers as it's for the first in almost three decades that the crucial ministry has been freed from the eastern dominance and come to the north.The much-sough-after ministry has mostly been ruled by politicians from the eastern parts of the country and leaders, including ABA Ghani Khan Chaudhary, Lalu Prasad and Mamata Banerjee.Swaran Singh from Punjab was the first politician from the north to get the railways in 1964 and then in 1984 former Haryana chief minister Bansi Lal was given the coveted portfolio.Bansal, 64, represents Chandigarh parliamentary constituency. \"It's a more challenging portfolio. I'll focus on many issues, including cleanliness, hygienic food and punctuality of trains which were not taken care of in the past,\" said Bansal.\"My priorities would be to create a hassle-free, safe and secure system of railways and to keep trains the preferred mode of network,\" added Bansal.The news of the elevation of Rajya Sabha MP Ashwani Kumar, 60, from the minister of state for parliamentary affairs to law minister was also well-received in the region.For the 47-year-old AICC spokesperson Manish Tewari, his long association of 31 years with the party finally paid off on Sunday as he replaced Ambika Soni.Tewari, who has also served as the president of the Youth Congress, had lost the 2004 LS elections but made his successful debut in the 2009 parliamentary elections from Ludhiana.\"I'll try to consolidate the projects launched by my predecessor and initiate fresh ones,\" said Tewari over phone from Delhi.The portfolio of Kumari Selja, Congress leader from Haryana, was changed from housing, urban poverty alleviation and culture to social justice and empowerment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17002803", "title": "Settai audio launch in December", "text": "The producer of Settai says that the movie is 75 % complete and that the audio is releasing in December.G Dhananjayan, who is with UTV that is producing the Tamil remake of Delhi Belly, has tweeted today that the Mumbai schedule is over. He tweeted, \"Settai shooting in Mumbai got over aftet two weeks of hectic exterior portions/ chase sequences shot. Thanks to the cooperation of the Team.\"It looks like the movie is well on its way to completion. He also added, \"Settai is 75%complete. 20 more days to go to finish da film. Hope to get da dates of all the busy artistes involved to finish by next month.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17003122", "title": "Aari goes rustic", "text": "After Rettaisuzhi and Maalai Pozhudhin Mayakkathiley, Aari is busy shooting for his third film, Nedunchaalai, in which he will be seen in a rustic avatar . \"Almost 70 per cent of the shoot for the film is complete and we will be shooting the climax scenes in Delhi. We are hoping to release the film before Pongal,\" says the actor. Aari was in Coimbatore recently on personal work and the actor says that he will be back in the city for a schedule of Nedunchaalai . \"A majority of the portions of the film have been canned in Theni, but we have a schedule in Coimbatore and I will be coming there once again during this month end.\" He adds that his role in Nedunchaalai has kept him busy as it was a tough task transforming him into a rustic character. \"Since the film is set in the 80s, we had to create that backdrop and trust me, it was not a cakewalk. The story revolves around the people who dwell in the highway and hence, the title. The lead actress of the film runs a dhaba on the highway and my character in the film is called Murugan.\" What's the status of Dharani, which has been lying in the cans for a while? \"The film is almost complete and the story revolves around three pivotal characters that are fighting for their survival. The lead cast comprises Kumaravel, Karuna along with me,\" he says. Not many know that Aari was a fitness trainer before he made his acting debut. \"I love that job and I am mulling over opening a fitness studio. Since I also hail from the theatre background, I am contemplating something on those lines too.\" And what's next on the cards on the film front?\" I am in talks for an interesting film that's based on a novel. I will confirm it in a couple of weeks.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16998735", "title": "Para teachers' strategy meet today", "text": "RANCHI: Para teachers from all over the state will meet here on Monday to decided future course of action in view of the state government's decision to not regularize their services.The state government has decide to increase the para teachers' honorarium by Rs 700-1000 per month but not to regularize their services despite their indefinite strike. Around 85,000 para teachers in over 40,000 government schools of the state are on indefinite strike since the last week of August.Sapan Sahu, a senior member of the para teachers association, said the government was not concerned about the welfare of teachers and the students. \"At a time, when even rich people are facing tough time in meeting their monthly household expenses, how can a para teacher manage the same with Rs 6,000 or 7,000 a month,\" said Sahu. He said if the state government insisted on not regularizing the para teachers, they would further intensify the agitation. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16997376", "title": "Three of family booked for evicting tenant", "text": "NAGPUR: Three members of one Pottuwar family have been charged with wrongful restraint and criminal trespass after they forcibly vacated some premises owned by them where a school for challenged children existed on rent.It has come to fore that the Pottuwar family was at loggerheads with their tenant Anil Tarekar, who ran an institute for mentally challenged children in the rented premises. The Pottuwar family wanted Tarekar to shift his school elsewhere, but he was not doing so.Bharti Pottuwar, her son Sachin and his wife Pallavi on Sunday forcibly broke the lock of the school in their premises and vacated the rooms. The trio, with the help of a dozen others, hurled the furniture and other material of the school into the courtyard.After a complaint from Tarekar, the cops have booked the three under various sections of the law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16998293", "title": "Kyoto Protocol may die with EU playing spoilsport", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Kyoto Protocol - the only global pact that legally requires the developed world to reduce emissions at the moment - is on the brink of collapse with indications that the EU and other rich countries will not be able to ratify it in time to kick-start the second round of emission cuts that are meant to be launched in 2013.In a ministerial level meeting of select countries held at Seoul recently, it emerged that after all the trade-offs developing countries made to keep the protocol alive, it could still die by the end of the year with a lack of legal mandate for its continuation.The meeting, referred to as the Pre-COP, held by key countries to gauge each other's positions before the annual negotiations of all UN members begins in Doha in November, indicated that the EU, along with its new-found allies in the small island countries, will push emerging nations to immediately take on higher level of 'voluntary' commitments, delinking the emission reduction steps from financial and technological commitments of the developed world.At the Durban meet last year, India, China and other emerging countries had struck a bargain with the EU to launch a process for a new post-2020 climate regime (called the Durban Platform) against the commitment that EU would take on higher emission reduction targets under the second period of commitment of the Kyoto Protocol starting 2013.But it now emerges that the bargain may have been one-sided with the EU indicating that it would not be able to ratify Kyoto Protocol in time. Without ratification, along with exact emission reduction targets inscribed under the UN process, the protocol will continue to exist as an empty shell with no real obligations.At the Seoul meeting, sources said several countries cutting across the spectrum of the G77+China group of developing countries demanded that the rich nations find a way to ensure that the protocol does not lapse. But they remained wary that the EU would ask for more concessions from the poorer countries, especially the emerging economies, before it commits to making Kyoto Protocol operational post-2013.The developing countries are keen that a form of provisional ratification be put in place at the Doha meeting in November to ensure that the EU and other developed countries do not walk out of their existing obligations even as they push for greater commitments for reducing emissions by the developing world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17000050", "title": "Shoain shines with double ton", "text": "MUMBAI: The fifth-wicket partnership of 227 runs between centurions, Onkar Khanvilkar (111 not out) and Suffiyan Shaikh (111 not out), and a six-wicket haul by medium pacer Mussavir Khote (6-43 ) highlighted holders Payyade Sports Club's 148-run victory over Karnataka SA in the first-round of the ORRA-Police Shield Invitation Cricket Tournament at the Parsee Gymkhana, here, on Sunday.The day's batting honours, however, went toShoain Shaikh (208*) of Dr DY Patil, who became the first batsman to score a double century this season. Shoain's knock took his side to a mammoth 415 for 6 in 70 overs against PJ Hindu Gymkhana, who lost by 308 runs. In another match, Cricket Club of India to beat hosts Mumbai Police by four wickets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16999311", "title": "Verdict in Jain siblings' murder case to be pronounced today", "text": "COIMBATORE: Two years after 10-year-old R Muskan Jain and her brother, 7-year-old Hrithik Jain were kidnapped and murdered by a call taxi driver and his accomplice, a Coimbatore court on Monday will finally decide the fate of the surviving accused, R Manoharan. Another accused Mohanakrishnan was shot dead in an alleged police encounter nine days after the murder.While Western Tamil Nadu awaits the judgment, family members of the victims are yet to recover from the trauma of the tragedy that took place two years ago on this very day. Ranjith Kumar Jain and Sangeetha Jain, the parents of the children, rarely speak to anyone, even their own family members. \"They have completely isolated themselves from everyone and it is unlikely that they will comment on the verdict delivered,\" said Vijayakumar Jain, the uncle of the victims.Ranjith Kumar Jain's family has been engaged in textile business at Sukrawarpet in the city. The extended family continues to pitch in to keep the business afloat. \"There can be no compensation for the loss we have suffered. We will never get our children back, so how does the verdict matter. We have even decided not to be in court when the verdict is pronounced. We can only pray to the Almighty for the departed souls,\" Vijayakumar added.It is not just the family of Muskan and Hrithik, who are in mourning. In Angalakurichi near Pollachi, Manoharan's father, 62-year-old P Ramasami, still believes his son is innocent. \"Police have found an easy victim. They took my son away one morning saying he was a suspect in the case. Later, they simply slapped a murder charge on him,'' laments Ramasami, a coolie worker, who is a TB patient.The prosecution has demanded death sentence for Manoharan. They had convinced the court about the need of a higher punishment by citing instances from verdicts in similar cases across the country. According to sources, 25 judgements of similar nature collected from different cities were submitted to the court by the prosecution.Two years ago, on October 29, 2010, the bodies of the siblings were retrieved from Parambikulam-Aliyar-Project (PAP) canal by police and fire service personnel. The trial began on June 23, 2011, after the prime accused Mohanakrishan was allegedly shot dead by the city police in an encounter on November 8, 2010. Mahila court judge, MP Subramaniam, who heard the case, will pronounce the verdict on Monday.Prosecution counsel J Shankara Narayanan produced nine eye-witnesses who said they had seen the siblings along with the accused. Further, Manoharan had already given a statement confessing to the crime that was recorded by a judicial magistrate.However, defence counsel, A Sharmila argued that the city police had altered the case to rape from girl missing, before they could trace the bodies of the children. \"The police had pre-planned to register the case,'' she argued. She claimed there were no eyewitnesses. \"The circumstantial evidence and sequences were interconnected without solid proof. Hence, the case should be dismissed,'' she said.According to the defence counsel, the prosecution had failed to prove that the accused had hatched a conspiracy five days before the crime took place, to kidnap the children for ransom. At no point did the accused demand a ransom, said the defence counsel. Therefore, there was no evidence to prove that Manoharan was involved in the kidnap, rape and murder of the children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16999625", "title": "Recalibrated e-meters bring down fares", "text": "MUMBAI: The new recalibrated e-meters in autos have spelt good news with commuters witnessing a drop of up to 20% in fares. Also, passengers said that now, there was no need to refer to tariff cards as the new meters display the minimum Rs 15 reading and the exact fares for every subsequent 100 m.Said Arundhati Dey, a regular commuter from Andheri, \"I took an auto that had a recalibrated e-meter. The fare was lesser than on usual days. The meter had a yellow sticker flashing that the fares have been revised. I was charged the exact fare and didn't even have to refer to the tariff card.\"Another commuter, requesting anonymity, said the recalibrated e-meters are easy to understand. \"The minimum fare is for 1.5 km. The next fare is for 100 m (1.6 km), which is Rs 16 and so on. We can check the distance reading and the waiting time at the end of journey. This can be cross-checked to ascertain whether the e-meter is functioning properly,\" he said.Consumer rights activist Shirish Deshpande said the new e-meters may not be tamper-proof but they are \"tamper evident\". \"Unlike with the mechanical meters, drivers will get caught if they rig the device. Commuters can see the distance travelled and compare it with the actual distance. If this distance is inflated, passengers can take a picture of the meter on their cellphones and email the complaint with the evidence,\" he said, adding that as e-meters do not require cross-checking, tariff cards will soon become obsolete. He, however, opposed the waiting charges (Re 1 per minute) and said there was no mention about it on the tariff cards. \"Commuters should not be made to pay for waiting,\" he demanded.However, state transport commissioner V N More said that though not explained on the tariff cards, the waiting charges had been approved by the MMRTA. More said that drivers were being encouraged to switch to e-meters within a month. \"We hope that by November 25, all the new meters in autos and taxis are recalibrated. We want all the autos to be fitted with e-meters.For those who still have mechanical meters, it will be wise to switch to the new e-meters as all autos and taxis have to instal them by March 2013. Otherwise, they will have to pay for recalibration now, and for a new e-meter later,\" he said. Unions have assured that all meters will be switched to electronic ones during recalibration, More said.If More's this happens, then commuters can expect all autos fitted with good quality e-meters with latest fare readings by morning of November 26.Some activists are, however, skeptical, while others are keeping their fingers crossed.Said Jitendra Bhagat, a commuter, \"I hope drivers don't rig the new meters. It is quite likely in Mumbai, which has a history of errant auto drivers and cheaters.\" Another daily passenger, Shreya Karve, said that people would be grateful to the transport department if all autos and taxis install e-meters with new readings by November-end.Civic activist Govind Sharma said the old meters have been a nuisance. \"I travelled the same distance on three days and the fares were Rs 120, Rs 146 and Rs 166. This shows how serious the meter-tampering problem in Mumbai is. We hope the recalibrated e-meters solve the problem and we are made to pay the actual fares in near future,\" he said.This could be good news. Passengers are already witnessing a drop of up to 20% in fares in autos which have the new recalibrated e-meters. Also, they need not refer to any tariff card for corresponding fares as the new meters show the minimum reading of Rs 15 and the exact fares for every subsequent 100 metres.Said Arundhati Dey, a regular commuter in Andheri, \"I was surprised to see that the fares were less than on usual days when I travelled by an auto on Monday. This auto was fitted with the new recalibrated meter. It had a yellow sticker flashing that the fares have been revised. I felt glad that I was charged the exact fare and didn't have to refer to any tariff card.\"Another commuter, who did not wish to be named, said that the recalibrated e-meters are easy to understand. \"The minimum fare shown is Rs 15 which is for the distance of 1.5 km. The next fare is for a fraction of 100 metres (1.6 km) which is Rs 16 and so on. We can also check the distance reading and the waiting time at the end of journey. This can be cross checked to ascertain whether the meter is running properly,\" he stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16999773", "title": "3 threaten with gun, rob duo of 10 lakh", "text": "MUMBAI: Three youths were arrested on Sunday for snatching a bag containing Rs 10 lakh from two motorcycle-borne persons after threatening them with a gun and a knife on Saturday.Around 7.15pm, accountant of Champion Steel Shop on C P Tank Road Vaibhav Jadhav (22) and his colleague left on a motorcycle to visit a nearby steel store for a business transaction. Jadhav was riding pillion, holding the bag with Rs 10 lakh in it. On reaching the shop, as the two were about to alight from the bike, the three accused-all 20 to 25 years old-accosted them and one of them tried to snatch the bag away, said the police. Though Jadhav held onto the bag, he and his colleague lost balance and fell to the ground. \"Failing to snatch the bag, the youth pulled out a gun and fired on the road. When he failed to scare Jadhav into giving away the bag, another of the youths brandished a knife at the two,\" said V P Road police senior inspector Rajendra Chavan. \"With Jadhav and his colleague screaming out for help, the third accused threw chilli powder at the victims and fled with the bag.\"Three unidentified youths (all aged between 20-25 years) late on Saturday attacked a 22-year-old accountant and his assistant, who were getting down from their motorcycle, and at gun and knife-point snatched a bag containing Rs 10 lakh in cash. VP Road police detained three locals based on the description provided by the victims and are expected to crack the case by Monday.The incident occurred around 7.15 pm, near Champion Steel Shop on CP Tank Road in Girgaum. The victims -- accountant Vaibhav Jadhav and his colleague who was riding the bike -- were on their way to a shop.Though Jadhav and his colleague, along with passersby, chased the accused, they disappeared in the crowd. The victims lodged a complaint with the V P Road police. In his complaint, Jadhav said, \"I was about to get down from the bike when a youth tried to take my bag away. He fired a round on the road and another threatened us with a knife. When we screamed for help, the third threw chilli powder in our eyes and fled with the bag.\"Based on their description, the police sent out informers.Acting on a tip-off, the police rounded up the three from the area on Sunday. \"The accused had conducted a recce of the shop and were aware that Jadhav had a substantial amount of money on him on Saturday,\" said the police. Though the officials declined to reveal their names,The cops said they were recovering the stolen cash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17003100", "title": "IAEA experts to begin review of nuclear plants in Rajasthan tomorrow", "text": "NEW DELHI: Global nuclear watchdog IAEA will begin on Tuesday an in-depth operational safety review of two atomic power plants at Rawatbhata in Rajasthan, the first such exercise in India after the Fukushima nuclear accident.The Operational Safety Review Team (OSART) of the International Atomic Energy Agency will review programs and activities essential to operational safety at units 3 and 4 of the Rajasthan Atomic Power Station (RAPS) between tomorrow and November 15.\"Basically, it is a peer review of safety status and operating practices done by a team of experts for the IAEA,\" S S Bajaj, Chairman, Atomic Energy Regulatory Board (AERB) told here.He said all nuclear plants had undergone a peer review earlier by international experts of the World Association of Nuclear Operators (WANO), but it is for the first time any nuclear plant is being subject to the OSART process.Atomic Energy Commission Chairman Ratan Kumar Sinha said the OSART process would give the nuclear operator insight into its operational process.\"Both OSART and WANO are independent external reviews. It is more of a confidence-building exercise as experts of 10 different nations are involved in the review process,\" he said.Sinha said the outcome of the WANO review is confidential, but the findings of the OSART process are in the public domain.Bajaj said a decision on inviting OSART experts to other nuclear power plants would be taken after studying the outcome of the process carried out at RAPS.The OSART mission is not a regulatory inspection or a substitute for an exhaustive assessment of the plant's overall safety status, officials said.It is an in-depth review of those aspects, largely under the control of site management, which are essential to the safe operation of a nuclear power plant.The government is also planning to invite the IAEA's Integrated Regulatory Review Service (IRRS) for a peer review of India's nuclear regulatory system.The IRRS involves comparing national regulatory framework against regulatory safety standards and nuclear security guidance documents developed by the IAEA, as well as against international legal instruments.Prime Minister Manmohan Singh had directed the Department of Atomic Energy to subject nuclear plants in the country to the OSART process to assist in its own safety reviews and audits of nuclear power plants.This decision was taken at a meeting chaired by Singh in April last year to review safety concerns about nuclear plants across the country in the wake of the nuclear accident at Fukushima in Japan.Three atomic power plants experienced a full meltdown following loss of power due to a massive earthquake and a subsequent tsunami at Fukushima on March 11 last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16997455", "title": "NRI family gets gold back after 12-hr ordeal at RGI airport", "text": "HYDERABAD: Only after a non-resident Indian family, which included an eight-month-old infant, had endured a 12-hour long ordeal did customs officials at Rajiv Gandhi International Airport return the five tolas of gold which it had seized from them.On Friday morning, customs sleuths had seized five tola gold from 31-year-old Mohd Samiullah of Tolichowki whom they asked to pay Rs 6,000 as penalty to get it released. As he did not have any Indian currency on him, Samiullah, with permission of the customs sleuths, went to the airport lobby and borrowed money from his relatives who had come to receive him.He paid the penalty amount to customs officials for which he was issued a receipt. However, after giving him the receipt, the sleuths told Samiullah to leave the airport. When Samiullah asked them to release the gold, they replied that they had already handed it over to him. After arguing with them till late in the evening, Samiullah approached RGIA police. While he was writing the complaint, Samiullah received a phone call from his 'father' whereupon he left without lodging his complaint. Sources said it was at that time that customs sleuths returned the gold to Samiullah, which they claimed they had 'found lying around' at the customs check area. Not willing to go through legal procedures, the NRI decided to forget the trauma faced at the airport.\"Even the video footage from multiple surveillance cameras installed at the customs check area could provide no clues as to how the gold disappeared. So, things indeed happen in a mysterious way at the customs area,\" a police officer said. There have been several allegations about corrupt practices of customs sleuths posted at the airport. In May 2011, a 30-year-old woman had lodged a complaint with airport police alleging that two customs inspectors had taken Rs 3,000 from her for 50gm of gold in her luggage without giving her a receipt for the same.Like in Samiullah's case, there had been no CCTV footage of the 2011 incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16998695", "title": "Development issues dominate Curtorim meet", "text": "MARGAO: A mega construction project generated heat at the gram sabha of the Curtorim village panchayat on Sunday. Sources said that the builder of the project had moved the high court as the panchayat, bowing to opposition from the locals against the project, had refrained from granting approval to the project. The high court, the gram sabha was told on Sunday, has given 12 weeks to decide on the builders' application seeking approval of the panchayat for the project.Villagers demanded that the panchayat ensure that all the \"irregularities\" as pointed out by them be set right before any approval is granted to the project. Gram sabha members, pointing out to the \"huge\" arrears in house tax of an industrial firm in the village, demanded that the panchayat initiate recovery proceedings against the company.Several development issues were also discussed at the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "16998335", "title": "Force India ride on incredible Hulkenberg", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: A standing ovation from the crowd at the Buddh International Circuit (BIC) is a rare occasion.It's unlikely that Nico Hulkenberg will get another one next year, so he might as well savour the moment. The 'Hulk' didn't quite turn big and green but drove Sahara Force India to their best-ever finish at the Indian GP , bringing home four points in the process with an eighth-place finish.The Force India cars, which struggled all weekend to eke out peak performance, were naturally delighted with Hulkenberg's efforts.The German notched up his third successive top-10 finish and now rumours are getting stronger of a possible switch to Sauber.Hulkenberg, who was up to ninth after starting 12th on the grid, pulled off a number on Perez on lap 15 after tailing him for a few laps. \"I would say the DRS (drag reduction system) did most of the work in that move. I got a good exit to turn 3 and then DRS activated and it was easy to pass them,\" Hulkenberg said here on Sunday.The 25-year-old, who was racing on the BIC for the first time, felt the track evolved massively over the duration of the race. \"It evolved a hell of a lot. I have not seen so much improvement in track condition anywhere around the world,\" he said.\"My aim this weekend was to finish in the points first, which we managed to do. This is the maximum we could achieve today. The teams ahead of us were too far ahead in terms of pace. So I was pleased by the position that we got,\" Hulkenberg added.His teammate Paul Di Resta pretty much had an incident-free race and never looked like finishing in points. Di Resta improved on his 13th place in 2011 but couldn't utilise his experience of the track.Overheating brakes pose problems for NarainHRT's Narain Karthikeyan , who impressed everyone with his 17th place finish last year, was the last of the finishers, a good 40 seconds behind Marussia's Timo Glock. Narain blamed the overheating brakes for restricting his pace on Sunday.\"I got off to a good start but had an incident on the first corner and lost a chunk of my front wing ,\" Karthikeyan said. The Spanish team, who are struggling at last place in the Constructor's Championship, still haven't confirmed their entry for the 2013 season. But Narain wasn't concerned about his future, saying, \"It's only a matter of time before they sign. My future is pretty strong I would imagine, whether with this team or other teams. It's a shame that I can't show what I can do, because this is what I have.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17003978", "title": "Mr Bond, you may thank Bangalore for 'Skyfall'!", "text": "Daniel Craig may owe Bangalore something, with his third James Bond flick, Skyfall, scheduled for release in India on November 2. Skyfall is the third Bond film to star Daniel Craig , who was also in Casino Royale and Quantum of Solace .Skyfall is a CGI (computer-generated imagery) heavy movie by legendary director Sam Mendes . A major chunk of the special effects and graphics for the movie is done between two studious of MPC (The Moving Picture Company ) in Bangalore and London. Technicolor-owned MPC is a London-based post-production outfit that creates high-end visual effects, computer animation and integrated digital content for the Hollywood.A large team of 250 graphic artists, special effects experts, animators, lighting artists, atmosphere and volume metric experts, image rendering specialists, simulation specialists for waves, wind, water and air, particles specialists and animation experts for foliage, fur, fire, hair, hay and dust etc at MPC Bangalore has worked in tandem with their 600 counter parts at MPC London for last six to eight months on thousands of frames and graphic insertions to frame footage for Skyfall . Both the teams were well versed with the script and story of the before they started their work.Skyfall is packed with skydiving scenes (into a nose-diving plane), skiing off dangerously tall mountains, speed crashes in a London underground train, several underwater sequences, several other computer-generated natural looking, static fractal landscape etc. Reviewers have already hailed the movie as the best Bond film ever in the last 50 years.MPC has a comprehensive studio pipeline between Bangalore, vancouver, London, New York and Los Angeles for TV shows, short films, full-length feature films and ad films. There will be multiple projects happening simultaneously while for Skyfall , teams in Bangalore and London worked in tandem in a single pipeline. An intelligent technology tunnel helped team members to view, review and improvise each others work on a real-time basis, therefore considerably bringing down the time require for such high volume graphic generation.Biren Ghose, country head for Technicolor India told STOI that, ``India has truly emerged as an important destination for quality animation. It's a tribute to the artists and technicians at MPC Bangalore. They could work shoulder to shoulder with their global counterparts in London to bring out world standards graphics and special effects in remarkably short time.''Paris-based Technicolor houses dedicated studios for several production houses including DreamWorks . It's one of the world's largest film processors that offer animation and visual effects for movies and television, computer games, consoles and other media services. Technicolor India had contributed significantly to many Hollywood productions like Shrek and Madagascar and Pirates of the Caribbean, X-Men, Sherlock Holmes and Harry Potter series, Puss n Boots, Ridley Scott's Prometheus, Robin Hood etc.Listen to Skyfall songs on Gaana.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16998964", "title": "Jnaneswari victims' kin to move court", "text": "KOLKATA: Miffed over delay in issuing death certificates, members of 16 families, who lost their kin in the Jnaneswari Express accident on May 28, 2010, are planning to move the court. According to them, they can't even claim their jobs and succession documents in the absence of the death certificates.Of the 150 victims of the tragedy, about 40 bodies were heavily mutilated and later many were identified through DNA matching. Still 23 bodies are still of the train accident are lying in the morgues for identification. As several DNA profiles did not match, the state, in June, 2012, the state government's home (political) department issued a missive to the relatives of 11 victims of the Jnaneswari express advising them to take legal route. The state had said that under the provision of law it's not permissible to issue death certificates unless the bodies are identified.Juthika Atta, whose husband Prasenjit was in the S-3 compartment, is shattered. \"His body could not be traced. DNA test didn't help. I got Rs 10 lakh as compensation. But I need a job to take care of my daughter Poulami (7) and the ailing in-laws. So, I need the death certificate.\",the railways won't give me a job.\"The compensation package included Rs 5 lakh from the railways, Rs 2 lakh from the PM's Relief Fund and Rs 3 lakh from the CM's Relief Fund.For Rajesh Kumar Bathra, life came to a halt, as his wife Indu Devi, daughter Sneha (17) and son Saurav (13) were in the train on the fateful day. While Sneha could not be found, an injured Saurav died in a hospital on May 31,2010. He received his wife's body on December 26, 2010. \"I visit Midnapore and Kharagpur regularly to find out Sneha.\"Surendra Singh, who lost his wife Nilam (37) and sons Rahul (17) and Rohit (15), goes to Midnapore every month to find traces of missing Nilam and Rahul. Rohit was found dead on the spot. \"My younger son Raju gave samples thrice for the DNA test. But Nilam and Rahul are still untraced. Raju had applied for a job in the railways, but they turned it down stating that he was only eligible in his father's absence.\"would have if the father had died then he would have been eligible.\"Unnati Mondal lost her husband Swapan Mondal and with one-year old niece Latikais yet to get their death certificates.Hisabuddin Sheikh is lobbying with the railway officials for a job for his nephew Selim Sheikh (19), as his brother Ayajuddin died in the accident. on his way to the middle-east.But the death certificate is an impediment.65-year old Suresh Gajbhiy's son Amit (31) and daughter-in-law Sunita died in the accident. \"It is difficult for me to come from Nagpur for the death certificate.\" Similarly, Pankaj Upadhyay of Madhya Pradesh finds it difficult to come frequently to Kolkata for his brother Pradip's death certificate.For 73-year-old Sushil Kumar Sil and his 65-year-old wife Mallika, life is of little value as they lost their son Tapas (42), daughter-in-law Chaitali (31), daughter Sujata Das (35), son-in-law Shyamal Das (38) and grandsons Srijit (10), Srinjay (3) and Siddhartha (7). They shifted to Sodepur from their Dunlop residence as it was impossible for them to stay in the same house.Former chief justice of Calcutta high court Chittatosh Mookerjee said a petition before the court can help the kin get death certificates. He said that under the Evidence Act, a person, who had not been heard of for seven years, is presumed to be dead. \"But the court, through inference, can direct for providing a death certificate, if it is proved that they had died due to the accident.\"It is unending wait for 16 family members, who lost their dear ones in the Jnaneswari Express on May 28, 2010. They are yet to get death certificates of their relatives and so they are now moving high court for relief. Without it many are unable to claim jobs or get succession certificate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16999729", "title": "Woman gives birth on train", "text": "MUMBAI: A 25-year-old woman gave birth to a baby girl on a local train on Sunday night.The woman from Mumbra, who was accompanied by her mother-in-law, was on her way to a hospital for a check-up.She delivered the baby at 10pm as the train pulled into Kurla. She was helped by other women travelling in the compartment.The mother and child were then taken to Rajawadi Hospital by the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17004060", "title": "No intention to regulate media: Manish Tewari", "text": "NEW DELHI: Manish Tewari, who on Monday took charge as information and broadcasting minister, said his ministry's job was not to regulate the media, but to ensure a level-playing field for everyone and highlight the policies of the central government.\"I think at the end of the day, as I earlier pointed out, that this ministry or given the nature of the medium, we don't really have a regulatory remit. We have a remit which is essentially to see that the ground rules are properly laid out. Everybody has a level playing field to play on, so that there is no let or favour,\" Tewari said.\"And number two, to see that the policies and programmes of the UPA government get disseminated. So I think those are the essential two remits that we have,\" he said.He was asked if he had his hands full as a lot of media coverage was perceived as negative towards the government.Asked about reports that certain party leaders were not happy with the reshuffle, he said, \"In so far as the first question is concerned, that is above my pay grade because the contours of Cabinet reshuffle is something which falls squarely within the remit of the Congress president and the Prime Minister.\"The Congress president being the chairperson of the UPA, it is the process which is thought through. So I don't think it would be appropriate for me to really be commenting on that,\" he said.Tewari also refrained from taking on India Against Corruption's Arvind Kejriwal who had said that corrupt had been rewarded in the reshuffle.\"In so far as the gentleman in question that you referred to, I do not want to start my first day in office on a very very adversarial note but I think it will suffice to say my view on this particular subject and the approach that they adopt is very very well known to all of you,\" he said.Asked about the possibility of a shake up within the Congress organisational set up, Tewari said that question was only in the domain of Congress president Sonia Gandhi.On his plans on the digitisation of cable sector over which the I&B; ministry had launched a hi-pitched campaign, the minister said he was gaining information on the subject.\"I am in the process of getting a feedback. Therefore, that's something which the ministry has already put in place. A new minister doesn't essentially mean that you unsettle the complete landscape. Let me get a feedback. Once we have a holistic perspective, we'll take a call on that,\" he said.Tewari was also asked by reporters about his views on the issue of paid news.\"I have myself contested elections twice and Iam aware of the seriousness of the problem. But this is a kind of problem on which it is important that a consensus is build,\" he said.\"It has been our belief since the beginning that progress on such sensitive issues can only happen if a consensus is build and an agenda is created. So, the effort will be to reach a conclusion after talking to all and then move ahead,\" he said.Tewari also said that before taking charge of the ministry, he had gone on to meet his predecessor Ambika Soni.\"Yesterday, I went and called on her. I addition to being a former minister, she's a very senior colleague in the party. So I went and sought her guidance and blessings,\" he said.He said he had also met I&B; secretary Uday Kumar Varma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "behrampore/malda", "code": "16999254", "title": "Districts celebrate as MPs get Delhi job", "text": "Behrampore/Malda: Three districts of Bengal erupted in joy as Congress leaders Adhir Chowdhury, Abu Hasem Khan Chowdhury and Deepa Das Munshi were sworn in at the Centre on Sunday.Members of the Murshidabad Congress and Behrampore town Congress celebrated with firecrackers and took out rallies with life-size pictures of their favourite leader who took oath as the Union minister of state for railways. People danced on the streets, hugged each other and fed each other sweets as the news broke.Though Adhir's residence on Sahid Surya Sen Road in Behrampore was locked, his wife Arpita was seen enjoying the celebrations on the road from the terrace of her brother Arit Majumdar's house. Majumdar, who is also the district Youth Congress president, said he was happy \"not because Adhir is a relative\" but due to the fact that finally Adhir had got due recognition. \"This is in appreciation of his fight for development. All conspiracy against him has been defeated,\" he said.Malda was ecstatic, too, with the famous Kotwali House getting another Union minister after a 28-year gap. Abu Hasem took oath as the minister of state for health and family welfare. His elder brother ABA Ghani Khan Chowdhury was the railway minister for several years till the mid-Eighties.With the entire family away in Delhi, it was left to the domestic helps to celebrate. Mungli Bewa, the Kotwali House cook, could not hide the tears of joy: \"Had baro sahib (Ghani Khan Chowdhury) been alive today!\" she said. Mungli was already planning the dishes she will offer once Abu Hasem is back from Delhi. \"Sahib loves to have fish - delicacies like fish tikka, fish cutlet, fish pulao,\" she said.A little uneasiness prevailed, however, over the presence of Abu Hasem's niece Sehnaj Qadri, who is a Trinamool Congress leader and the vice-chairperson of the Women's Commission. \"Let's hope madam won't be offended by the celebrations,\" said Rajesh, another domestic help.But the uncertainty was soon over when Qadri offered them some money: \"Go and buy some abir (colours) and crackers.\" Within minutes, the celebration was on in full swing with Qadri herself joining in \"not as a Trinamool leader, but as the niece of Dalumama\". She gushed: \"This family has got a minister after 28 years. This is indeed a time to celebrate.\" However, she feared that \"Mama (uncle) would hardly get time to perform. \"It will be very difficult for him to deliver,\" she said.In North Dinajpur's Raiganj, too, processions were taken out with cutouts of Deepa Das Munshi and her husband, Congress leader Priya Ranjan Das Munshi.In Behrampore, district Congress general secretary Ashoke Das said most of the residents of Murshidabad were waiting for the good news. \"Common people joined in the Congress rally. We hope this (Adhir's swearing in) will revitalize the Congress organization in the state as all party workers respect him. He has formed booth-level organizations in Murshidabad.\"Asit Kumar Dey, the secretary of Murshidabad INTUC, said Chowdhury would complete \"all the unfinished railway jobs and Murshidabad would not be deprived\".The tones of Trinamool and CPM leaders sounded similar, quite predictably. \"It's good news for Murshidabad as an MP from our district has become minister, but a minister of state has limited powers,\" pointed out Sagir Hossein, the district Trinamool working president. \"Congress has chosen such MPs only to retain their party workers, but it won't work as the state is now seeing a Mamata wave.\"CPM district secretary Mriganka Bhattacharya said: \"What new can we expect? Half a dozen Trinamool ministers apart from Pranab Mukherjee did little for the district's development.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16998264", "title": "2 ex-MCD officials get 4-year jail", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two officials of the erstwhile MCD along with a motel owner have been sentenced to four years in jail by a court in a corruption case involving grant of completion certificate to the motel in 2008 despite unauthorized construction.While convicting MCD assistant engineer Kailash Kumar Meena and junior engineer Kamal Singh for abusing their official positions in granting the certificate, the court also held Virender Kumar Khosla (73), the owner of Airport Residency Motel guilty of procuring the certificate illegally.Special CBI judge Gurvinder Pal Singh also imposed a fine of Rs 15,000 each on convicts, saying corruption poses a \"major roadblock in India's journey from a developing to a developed economy\". The court said, \"Rigid bureaucracy, complex laws and long drawn processes of the legal system deter people from taking legal recourse against corrupt public servants.\"According to CBI, Singh and Meena had conspired with Khosla in September 2008 and had dishonestly issued completion certificate despite unauthorized construction of basement and permanent additional structures which were not part of the sanctioned plan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16999811", "title": "CBSE to teach students ways to tackle corruption", "text": "LUDHIANA: The Central Board of Secondary Education guides its schools to undertake various awareness programmes to promote awareness among students from the beginners' level. The coming week from October 29 will be observed as a 'vigilance awareness week' to make students aware about corruption throughout the CBSE schools.Director of academics and training, CBSE, Sadhana Parashar has directed the schools through a letter to organize activities on the theme 'Transparency in Public Procurement' for students from primary sections to the secondary. The awareness week has a very relevant theme this year, believes Paramjit Kaur, principal, BCM School, Shastri Nagar. \"Looking at the present political and bureaucratic scenario of the country, the theme is perfect for the present generation, as they need to be sensitized to these issues,\" she says.Students from classes VI to VIII will participate in various activities like debate, declamation, essay writing, poster and banner making competitions based on topics 'consumer awareness' and 'food adulteration'. Students from classes IX to XII will participate in seminars, lectures, debate and essay writing on topics 'consumer right and its importance', 'RTI and its transparency in public procurement', 'role of media in bringing public awareness' and 'is e-payment an effective tool in reducing corruption'.BVM School, Kitchlu Nagar, principal Santhosh Mehra said, \"Like every year, we will organize literary and cultural activities for all the students.\"CBSE is also set to officially launch an interactive website to promote heritage education among students. The website will enable students to share their experiences on Indian culture and heritage and teachers can share their research works to share it with students. Even parents will be able to share there views on Indian culture on this website.The website will also have games and puzzles based on the diverse cultural heritage of the country, which will boost help students learn as they have fun. Guru Nanak Public School, Sarabha Nagar, principal Mona Singh, said, this website is an appreciable attempt on behalf of CBSE as it would be a common learning platform for the students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16998619", "title": "Silver screen to pay homage to Neellohit", "text": "KOLKATA: The Kolkata International Film Festival, set to be inaugurated by megastars Amitabh Bachchan and Shah Rukh Khan, is likely to pay tribute to late author Sunil Gangopadhyay by screening films based on his stories. This will be the first occasion on which a tribute will be paid to an Indian author at the festival. Earlier, retrospectives of films on books by Gabriel Garcia Marquez , Dostoyevski and Kafka have been screened at the film fest.In keeping with the film festival's policy to flag off the event with a 'happy' inaugural film, the festival committee has zeroed in on Iranian film A Separation which may be screened at the Netaji Indoor Stadium on November 10. A poignant tale of an estranged couple who struggles to cope with separation, the film is a winner of the Golden Bear at the Berlin International Film Festival and the BBC Four World Cinema award besides a string of prizes around the globe. The festival, set to be inaugurated by megastars Amitabh Bachchan and Shah Rukh Khan, is also likely to screen films based on Sunil Gangopadhyay's stories.This will be the first occasion on which a tribute will be paid to an Indian author at the festival. Earlier, retrospectives of films on books by Gabriel Garcia Marquez, Dostoyevski and Kafka have been screened at the film fest.Last year, the organizers had changed the inaugural film at the last moment. Chief minister Mamata Banerjee had apparently wished the festival to begin on a cheerful note since the inaugural film was being screened to a much larger audience at the Netaji Indoor Stadium for the first time. The Magicians was hence chosen because of its happy theme. This year, too, the same logic has been applied, said sources.\"A Separation is a film with a positive message. The idea is to start off with a happy film, so it was chosen,\" said a member of the film festival committee. Questions are, however, being raised on whether the film is actually 'happy'.The film by noted Iranian director But the film by noted Iranian directorAsghar Farhadi is a rather grim account of a husband and a wife wanting desperately to go their own way. Even after the couple is denied a formal divorce by a court, their paths keep crossing even after they are denied a formal divorce by a court. Though they do stick together during trying times when the husband is accused of assaulting a woman, but eventually go for a legal separation yet again. It's being asked if the film is happy enough.While it has a serious theme and focuses on social and relationship issues, it leaves behind a happy message, feels the committee member.\"It's not a light film, but carries a very positive message which should go down well with the audience and not leave them feeling sad,\" the member added.The other reason behind the film's selection is that it's an Asian film that has been feted across the world. According to the film festival committee, it should pave the way for more Asian films that deal with local as well as international issues, according to the film festival committee. \"The inaugural film has not yet been formally decided but it's likely to be an Asian film,\" said Haranath Chakrabarty, a member of the festival committee.Besides, Sunil Gangopadhyay admirers will also be in for a treat at the film fest. Under its tribute section, the festival is likely to pay homage to the departed author with a bouquet of films based on his stories.\"We are indeed considering the idea and the films could be finalized shortly,\" said Chakrabarty. Films like Aranyer Din Ratri and Pratidwandi by Satyajit Ray and Moner Manush by Gautam Ghose could figure in the section. There could also be seminars on Gangopadhyay's works. While earlier festivals have witnessed screenings of films based on books by noted foreign authors, no Indian writer has made it to the tribute section so far.The decision to include Gangopadhyay was taken after the city went into a mourning following his death last week. \"Honestly, few had expected this massive upsurge of emotion. So, even though the government's initial response was tepid, it had to take note of the popular sentiment. Kolkata can't have a film festival with Gangopadhyay now,\" said a film analyst.Director Gautam Ghose lauded the idea. \"I would be happy if they screen Dekha which was jointly scripted by Gangopadhyay and myself. And, of course Moner Manush,\" he said.Another first at this festival will be the screening of films at Netaji Indoor. The arena is being spruced up for the shows and could host around half-a-dozen of them. Facilities are being augmented at the stadium to accommodate an audience of 10,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16998652", "title": "Plastic bags to be banned from Nov 23", "text": "NEW DELHI: Over a month after cabinet approval, the Delhi government has set November 22 as the deadline to stop manufacture, sale and storage of plastic bags in the capital.The notification issued on October 22 gave traders involved in production and sale of plastic bags one month's time to dismantle their manufacturing facilities. Nobody, including shopkeepers, vendors, wholesalers, retailers and hawkers, will be allowed to sell, store or use plastic carry bags.The decision to impose the ban was taken on September 11.The ban will include use of plastic cover, pouches, and even invitation and greeting cards.This is the second attempt to ban plastic bags in the city. Following a Delhi High Court order, the government had in January 2009 imposed a ban on the use of plastic bags in various markets, shopping malls, hotels and hospitals, but it was not successful. \"The attempt failed because manufacture of plastic bags was not banned,\" said an environment department official.The latest ban has been imposed in accordance with provisions of the Environment (Protection) Act, 1986, under which violators can face imprisonment up to five years or a fine of up to Rs 1 lakh, or both. The ban is not applicable to plastic bags used for purposes specified under the Biomedical Waste (Management and Handling) Rules, 1998.The member secretary of Delhi Pollution Control Committee will be tasked with overall monitoring and implementation of the decision. Experts say there are about 400 manufacturing units for plastic bags in the city with an annual turnover of Rs 800-1,000 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16998673", "title": "Pilerne land shown as Candolim for real estate permissions: Locals", "text": "PANAJI: Issues of illegal garbage dumping, village land being wrongly shown in Candolim panchayat's jurisdiction and illegal filling of a field came to the fore at the Pilerne gram sabha on Sunday morning.Gram sabha members questioned the panchayat why it was still dumping garbage without treating it near the Audit Bhavan. Members wanted the panchayat body to stop this practice as they considered it illegal.The panchayat members said that in the absence of an alternative site, they were compelled to dump the garbage near Audit Bhavan.Gram sabha members pointed out that Pilerne village is in Calangute constituency which has a BJP MLA and the state also has a BJP government. They queried as to why could the panchayat not sort out the matter expeditiously.The gram sabha members also raised the contentious issue of a huge chunk of land in the Marra ward of Pilerne village being shown in Candolim village in the Regional Plan, 2021.\"It was the contention of the gram sabha members that this land has been bought by builders for real estate development. But the people of Pilerne are agitating furiously against mega projects in the small village. In a devious move to circumvent the opposition, the builders have managed to manipulate the regional plan and thus the controversial plots of land are being shown in neighbouring Candolim village,\" a gram sabha member said.The Pilerne citizens have already approached the court and the matter is now sub-judice.The gram sabha members wanted to know on Sunday what the village panchayat was doing about the issue.They also wanted the panchayat to send letters to all authorities not to allow development in the land at Marra.Gram sabha members pointed out that if the land is to be developed, the necessary files will be sent to the village panchayat of Candolim, which is likely to give the required permissions. The gram sabha members also questioned the panchayat body on an illegal filling of a field where a private party is making mud bricks.The Pilerne Citizens Forum had approached the deputy collector and the mamlatdar and the matter is now subjudice. Though the mamlatdar had issued a stop-work order and directed the police to act, police have failed to take any action and suggested that the matter has to be dealt with by the town and country planning department, villagers said.The brick building business continues in the meanwhile.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16999113", "title": "CBI arrests two in Chennai for railways job racket", "text": "CHENNAI: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) arrested two more men, including a civil service aspirant, in a massive railway recruitment racket in which more than 300 job applicants from across the country were cheated of several hundreds of crores of rupees.Sources said the CBI arrested Naveen Kumar, 25, and Janma Jai Misra, 27, of Bihar, in Chennai. Naveen Kumar was preparing for the civil service examinations. Officials said he is one of the main accused in the scam. Kumar and Misra were arrested on a tip-off that they had reached Chennai from Kolkata, CBI sources said.The scamsters had created a fake website through which they enticed thousands of candidates to apply for jobs in the railways. The CBI had on October 26 arrested Ram Singh alias Ramnathuni Singh, 53, a native of Bihar, the mastermind of the racket in which the scamsters promised to get applicants employment in the railways.\"They promised applicants jobs in the Group 'C' category and collected 6 lakh to 8 lakh from each aspirant,\" an officer said. \"The cheats, who had bogus training centres in Kolkata, Bihar, Kerala and Tamil Nadu, sent fake appointment letters to applicants.\" When candidates went to join different offices of the railways, they realised that they had been conned and lodged complaints with police.Investigations revealed that Ram Singh was producing a Bollywood movie with the booty from the scam. The cheats had also invested in real estate and held shares in the names of relatives and friends. Ram Singh, who is based in New Delhi, was arrested by a special team of the CBI's anti-corruption branch.Ram Singh played a crucial role in designing and developing the fake railways recruitment website and appointed agents to lure youths with their scheme.\"Their modus operandi was to send 'selected candidates' to Kolkata where they would undergo a medical examination at the railway hospital,\" the officer said. \"They cheats gave them fake appointment orders.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16997732", "title": "MP Congress disappointed, Digvijaya Singh says", "text": "BHOPAL: The Jyotiraditya Scindia faction in Madhya Pradesh rejoiced with the elevation of the Gwalior royal scion to MoS energy (independent charge) portfolio. Scindia supporters said the energy portfolio had earlier been held by cabinet rank ministers, hence his responsibilities would be no less than that of a cabinet berth.Scindia thanked the party leadership for giving an opportunity to the youth. \"I am grateful for the opportunity and hope to work to the best of my abilities and serve the nation,\" he said.But with assembly elections coming up next year in the state, the state Congress was hopeful of getting more berths in the Union cabinet. Only other minister from the state in the cabinet, Kamal Nath, was given additional charge of parliamentary affairs. Apart from Meenakshi Natarajan, the first-time MP from Mandsaur, the Congress was expecting the return of Khandwa MP Arun Yadav, former MoS for heavy industries, who was dropped in the July 2011 reshuffle.AICC general secretary Digvijaya Singh, who was in Bhopal on Sunday, said: \"We are disappointed and had expected more berths for Madhya Pradesh but that should not be a deterrent. We will work very hard and with all our might for the upcoming assembly elections next year.\"MPCC president Kantilal Bhuria said: \"Our party workers should not feel dejected because we have two ministers in the Centre. Kamal Nath has been given one more portfolio and Jyotiraditya Scindia has been promoted to handle a prominent ministry independently.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16998155", "title": "4-crore plan to provide better facilities at Rajgad", "text": "PUNE: The treacherous route to Rajgad will soon be more peaceful and safe for trekkers. The Maharashtra Tourism and Development Corporation (MTDC) has submitted a Rs 4-crore proposal to the state government to repair the walkways and trekking routes to the fort. The corporation will also install fences along the routes, shelters at strategic points and tents for people to rest at the foothills.The MTDC also plans to put up information boards on the fort's history, which will highlight the importance of the various historical spots. A cafeteria will also be set up at the fort, said Naina Bondarde, head of MTDC's Pune division.Rajgad, which is approximately 60 km from Pune in the Sahyadri ranges, has been included in the tourism authority's 'fort circuit' development project. It is one of the six forts that will be restored and developed as part of the plan.Bondarde said, \"The plan aims to make the young generation aware of the state's history and its warriors. These forts have been witness to the bravery of our warriors and the youth should learn about it by visiting the forts. Apart from Rajgad, Sinhagad, Shivneri, Lohagad, Rajmachi and Torna are also part of the development project. These forts are frequently visited by tourists and the routes need to be repaired to make the journey safe. Refreshment stalls will be installed at the shelters along the routes, which will provide employment to local villagers. We will install better lighting on the walkways and also build toilets along the route,\" she said.The proposal also includes an amphitheatre and an exhibition hall on the fort. Bondarde said the proposal was forwarded to the government in September. The work will begin once the proposal is approved Bondarde said.Rajgad was built on a mountain known as 'Murumb Devacha Dongar'. As a result, it also used to be known as 'Murumdev'. The fort has witnessed several historic events such as the birth of Rajaram Chattrapati \u2014 the younger son of Shivaji \u2014 the death of Shivaji's queen Saibai, the burial of Afzal Khan's head in the Mahadarwaja walls of the 'balekilla', Shivaji's return from Agra, and Tanaji's funeral march.Rajgad is one of the toughest forts for trekkers near Pune. The steep and craggy terrain of the fort makes it a challenging climb. Many trekking groups from Pune and Mumbai often choose this fort for their annual treks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16997539", "title": "Land alienation threatens University of Hyderabad\u2019s flora and fauna", "text": "HYDERABAD: University of Hyderabad (UoH) is a botanical garden unto itself and encroachments and land alienation are affecting this ecosystem space, says a study conducted by plant science researchers on campus. As per a study conducted by Prof Kotapalli Seshagiri Rao, from the department of plant sciences, the number of plant species found on the campus is higher than the numbers recorded in the whole of AP.The study, which ranged over three decades (1990-2010), mapped the existence of 734 flowering plants on campus. Among them, 315 are used in traditional Indian medicines. About 39 species of plants are those under threat of extinction. According to the researchers, 80 bird species, 10 mammal species and 15 reptile species are also found on campus. These listings were the result of field studies done on campus by students and faculty members. One can find spotted deer, wild boars, peacocks and bats among other varieties of birds in the campus's shrub jungles, the findings said.The study was discussed at a recent biodiversity meet on campus organised by University of Hyderabad Teachers' Association. It was pointed out that the ecosystem needed to be preserved from land alienation. The land allotments which took place in the recent past have shrunk the campus by over 400 acres. \"The encroachments have affected the campus ecosystem. Till a decade ago we could see foxes on campus. Even the rare star turtles were found aplenty on campus but over two decades most of them were captured and sold in illegal black markets,\" said Seshagiri Rao. Talking to TOI he said that there is a need to preserve the biodiversity on campus and newer studies need to be taken up to list out the shortcomings in the preservation aspects.Based on the findings of Rao, the teachers' association is asking for setting up a biodiversity conservation park on UoH campus. \"A proposal for setting up a biodiversity conservation park on the UoH campus which was proposed in 1984 is still pending with the university administration. The proposal submitted by Prof Sudhakar Marathe, former dean, school of humanities and convener of nature club in the university was even approved by the university executive committee,\" said E Satya Prakash, vice president of UHTA said.Once developed into a conservation park, the campus itself could become a field of study for plant science researchers.\"At the backdrop of the CoP-11 biodiversity meet held in the city, the proposal to set up a conservation park attains importance,\" said a faculty member. Several environment conservation activists are interested in developing the park and are holding negotiations with the campus community.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16998665", "title": "Munda to discuss pension deadlock at all-party meet", "text": "RANCHI: Chief Minister Arjun Munda has convened an all-party meeting on November 3 to discuss the deadlock with Bihar over payment of Rs 5,334 crore towards retirement benefits and pension to employees who retired before Jharkhand became a separate state.\"I have convened a meeting of all political parties to share their views and even suggest ways by which the state can be saved from such a huge financial burden,\" said Munda.The Supreme Court, earlier this month, had turned down the state's interim relief plea over payments of reimbursement of pension funds and retirement benefits of Rs 5334.84 crore. But the state government is in no mood to shell it out from its own pocket.Officials in the chief minister's secretariat said for a state like Jharkhand, which is still struggling to develop basic infrastructure, it will be a huge financial pressure. \"The chief minister's efforts will be to form a committee and send a delegation to the Prime Minister seeking his intervention,\" said the official.Jharkhand had earlier filed a petition in the apex court seeking division of pension on the basis of population instead of number of employees. It had also sought injunction on the Centre, restraining it from deducting any amount from central grants for reimbursing it to Bihar.Sources in the state finance department said Bihar had earlier requested the Supreme Court to direct the Union home ministry and the Union finance ministry to deduct the amount from Jharkhand's central grants through the Reserve Bank of India and clear the pension liabilities. The home ministry has been designated, under the Bihar Reorganization Act, 2000, to arbitrate in case of any dispute between the two states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16999334", "title": "Class 10 student arrested for murdering 37-year-old woman", "text": "COIMBATORE: A class X student was arrested on Saturday, at Rajiv Nagar near Samundipuram in Tirupur district, for murdering a 37-year-old woman who had an extra marital affair with the boy's father. Police said, the boy strangulated her by using a towel. He told the police that his mother's life was affected because of the woman's affair with his father. So, he decided to kill her.The deceased has been identified as A Vasuki, 37, of Samundipuram in Tirupur. Police said, she hailed from Thiruvannamalai and was working at a textile unit in Tirupur. She lived in a rented house at Rajiv Nagar in Samundipuram. Vasuki had separated from her husband few years ago and had settled in Tirupur for work.Nine years ago, Annadurai, a native of Kangayanur near Thirukovilur in Vilupuram came to Tirupur along with his wife, A Valli and two sons for working in a textile unit. The family lived in a rented house at Samundipuram. A relation developed between Vasuki and Annadurai during that time. When Valli came to know about the relationship, she returned to her maternal home. Soon Annadurai married Vasuki and started living in a rented house at Rajiv Nagar in Samundipuram.Annadurai's elder son, 15, a class X student at Manalur Pettai government school came to know about his father's extra marital affair and decided to bring him back home from Tirupur. Recently, the boy came to Tirupur and approached his father and requested him to come to Kangayanur and run the family. But Annadurai refused. However, Annadurai went with his son later but did not meet Valli and returned to Tirupur immediately.This angered his elder son, who then came to Tirupur on October 25 and went to Vasuki's home, when his father was not there. The boy stayed at Vasuki's home whole night and walked out of the house in the morning.Meanwhile, P Sasikala , their neighbour knocked at Vasuki's house. But there was no response. Later, the neighbours broke open the house and saw Vasuki lying dead. They alerted the Tirupur North police. Vasuki's body was sent to Tirupur government hospital for post mortem.The post mortem report revealed that Vasuki was strangulated. Police altered the case to 302 ( murder) from 174 CrPC (unnatural death) on Saturday. After a detailed investigation, Annadurai's son was arrested for murdering Vasuki.\"As the boy cared a lot for his mother, Valli. He could not see her unhappy and that his father was living with another woman. He thought that Vasuki was the reason behind the family problem and therefore decided to kill her,\" said J Nagarajan, inspector, Tirupur North Police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16995801", "title": "He's not so Gambhir yaar: Mrs Gambhir", "text": "Gautam Gambhir's been true to his name all through the ups and downs of his career, playing with the strictest focus -- and keeping his private life completely private. He also talks only cricket, usually, and so the world had heard very little from the pretty Delhi girl he married in the capital a year ago.But on their first anniversary (October 28), Natasha Gambhir and her husband sat down for a candid chat with DT, telling us what they like most about each other, and what they don't.So who is Natasha Gambhir?\"I was born in Amritsar, and was only a year old when I came here, so yes, I've been born and brought up in Delhi. I studied in GD Goenka, then did my BBA, and then I did short courses in gemology, and advertising and PR. I have an interest in diamonds and diamond cutting. I wanted to learn about solitaries, actually, and am quite interested in jewellery.\"On Gautam: We'd known each other, been friends for 2-3 years, and then we decided to get married. Our families had also known each other for the last 30 years -- our fathers knew each other -- and then we became friends. We both decided (to get married) first, and then took our parents' consent. We'd been engaged for about a year before marriage.I'm not really into cricket, but then we met, and I got to know a lot more about him... It wasn't because he's a cricketer. I'm more like girls are - interested in fashion, clothes makeup, jewellery... When we took it to marriage, it was more like thinking from that point of view, not like he's a celebrity or a star or something. Marriage doesn't run like that.Apprehensions about life with someone famous: Yes, I did think about it. When I met him, I realised he was a star -- when we used to go out for dinners, I realised he was really popular and stuff, but when we were thinking marriage, then the whole celebrity status... I did think about how life is going to be with a celebrity. When you're friends and you're talking, you don't really think of such things, but when you're talking about marriage then it's a little different, you think about things from a different angle.After one year, I realised it's going to be really big (the attention). But when I met him met him, it was just about getting to know him as a person. His simplicity really attracted me. He's a very simple guy.On Gautam not being demonstrative: He is, but only with people he's close to. But those are very few people -- I can count them on my fingers. He's very expressive, though -- for close and loved ones, only for them.On his fixed tastes: He's very organised, pretty systematic when it comes to cricket -- his things are in place and proper. But when he's at home, he's the laziest person I've ever come across! He's very laidback, very lazy; he doesn't want to move his butt. But when he's playing, he's just full of energy. Then even I find it difficult to keep up with him at times. I travel with him almost all the time.On herself: I'm not very outgoing, but I'm more outgoing than him. I'm a Leo, he's a Libran. I'm the more excited one, I suppose, but so is he -- with people he's close to, he'll open up, he'll be his own self.Right now, I'm just travelling -- non-stop, every month. I like going out, travelling, I like painting, shopping, and I'm very fond of jewellery. Fashion is one thing that excites me. Tarun Tahiliani is one of my favourites in Indian wear, and Nikhil-Shantanu. My wedding outfit was by Tarun and the mehendi outfit was by Nikhil-Shantanu. I didn't go to fashion week this time but I have been in the past. I also like Louis Vuitton, Hermes, Chanel, Prada -- these are some of my favourites.I'm into desserts and baking. I can cook Chinese, Italian and Thai. In fact, in Colombo, at the hotel, I used to go to the kitchen and learn baking and garnishing from the chief executive chef there -- I've done that twice, I'm actually pretty fond of cooking. I can cook exotic things, but not regular Indian food at all -- only fancy things (laughs).On Gautam's simple tastes: Simple tastes? No, he likes pizzas! Those are his favourite, and Chinese also. He's crazy about wood-fired thin crust pizzas!\"Once we got to know Natasha better (some revelations there about the gambhir Gautam), he joined the conversation, for some serious perspectives (from him) and some more unwitting revelations (from her)!Natasha, Gautam's philosophy in life and about cricket is also why he wanted to be a cricketer -- he's fairly serious about that. How do you engage with that side of him?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16998827", "title": "Power shutdown on Tuesday", "text": "Power supply will be suspended in the following areas on Tuesday between 9am and 5pm for maintenance work. Electricity supply will be restored before 5pm if the work is completed.Kovilambakkam area: Kovilambakkam, Nanmagalam, S Kolathur, Eachangadu, Self Help Indl. Estate, Keelkattlai, Medavakkam Main Road, Vadakkupattu, Vellakkal.Royapuram area: East &amp; West Kalmandapam Road, S N Chetty Road, Mosque Pudumanai Kuppam, New Kamaraj Nagar, CG Colony, Vinayagapuram, Tondiar Nagar, Kasipuram A &amp; B Blocks, Singaravelar Nagar, Indra Nagar, GM Pettai, Periya Thambi St, Flag Staff St, Lotus Ramasamy St, AJ Colony, Kasima Nagar, Kasigarden, Sheikh Mistry St, Hussian Maistry St, Fakir St, part of Grace Garden, Madha Church Road, East Madha Church, NRT Road, Railway Press, Ramar St, Mariya Doss St, Lingu Chetty St, Ibrahim St, Mettu St, Adhiyapatham St, Angappanayakan St, Marakayar Shahib St, Sultan St, Meerali St, Velayutham St, part Of Kummalamman Koil Street, Nagorar Thottam.Nandanam area: Jogi Thottam, Anbu Colony, Power Finance Corporation Building, S M Nagar, Ceebros Hotel, Karumuthu Centre, JVL Plaza, IOC Voltas Structure, Defence Accounts, Mambalam Telephone Exchange, V N Road, entire South Boag Road, Melony St, Hindi Pracharashaba area, Amudam Colony, Thomas Road, Guna Complex, Fathima Akthar Complex, Cape Gemini, K B Dasan Salai, part Of Teynampet, Apollo Speciality Hospital, Rathna Nagar, Turnbulls Road, Poultry, L R Swami Building, Areva, part of North Boag Road, Giriappa Road, Thyagaraya Road.Kaladipet area: Ennore Express Road (Tollgate to Pattinathar Koil), T H Road, (Tollgate to Thiruvottiyur Market), Sathankadu High Road to Thiruvottiyur Railway Station.SAF Games Village area: Saf Games Village, Jai Nagar, Pancali Amman Koil St, Jagannathan Nagar, J N Salai, Harihant, Triump, Sams Court Apartments, Amaravathi Nagar, SVP Nagar, PH Road, Valluvar Salai, Vinayagapuram, Thirukumarapuram, Chinmaya Nagar, Sakthi Nagar, Arumbakkam, Thiruveethi Amman Koil St, Ambethkar St, Alagiri Nagar.Madipakkam area: Madipakkam, Moovarasampet, Medavakkam Main Road, Iyappa Nagar, Swamy Nagar, Balaiah Garden, Keelkattalai, Karthikeyapuram, Puzhudivakkam, West Velachery.Guindy area: Guindy Industrial Estate, Tiny Sector, Labour Colony Guindy, Arulayampet, Reddy St, Parthasarathy Koil St, Ambal Nagar, North Phase, Poonamallee Road, Electronic Complex, Inner Ring Road, Ekkattuthangal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16999957", "title": "Bihar BJP men on way to Gujarat", "text": "PATNA: Accepting Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi's invitation, Bihar unit of BJP sent over 24 party workers on Sunday to the western state for assistance in the polls there.\"Nearly two dozen BJP workers from Bihar have left for Gujarat today,\" state BJP president C P Thakur told reporters. More workers and leaders would go there in future too for the election purposes, he said.Bihar deputy chief minister and BJP leader Sushil Kumar Modi said, \"I have not received any invitation so far for campaigning in Gujarat. When I get an invitation I'll definitely try to render my services to the party there depending on the engagements back home at that time.\"Modi, however, said that in state assembly elections normally local leaders in addition to a few national level leaders were more effective to convey party's poll issues to the voters.While Modi would decide his programme for Gujarat when time comes, his BJP colleagues Ashwani Choubey and Giriraj Singh said they would definitely go there.\"I had gone to Surat early this year in connection with Bihar centenary celebration which was also attended by Narendra Modi. The function had received tremendous support from the people of Bihar,\" Choubey, who is state's health minister, said.Narendra Modi had on October 21 telephoned state BJP president C P Thakur, inviting him and other leaders to his state to campaign for the party.There is a sizeable section of Bihari population in Surat and Ahmedabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16998768", "title": "It's playtime for teachers here", "text": "BANGALORE: Children tend to emulate their teachers. What happens when it's the other way round? At Carmel High School, teachers can now relive their student days - out on the sports field. They can take part in all sporting activities, after school hours.The move came after teachers recently showcased their skills at a sports day held for them, where they enthusiastically participated in events like badminton , throw ball, table tennis, walking race, shot put and so on. Vinoda Rao, a teacher at Carmel, says it is a welcome outlet for them and it will \"not just keep us fit, but will also be a good source of recreation\".The idea came as a bit of a surprise for the teachers, who have so far seen their students excel in games. But once initiated, they were all excited. Administrator Roshan Menezes says, \"Every teacher has been a student and is always a student. So love for art, music, sports is now a suppressed interest because of age, time and the role they play. My wish is to revive that interest.\"Interest it has revived and how! Science teacher Lakshmi Bhatt got on to the field after a full 10 years. An avid sportsperson in her student days, it was but natural that she swept quite a few prizes. She captained the winning throwball team, and picked up more honours in shot put and walking, besides participating in other games. \"I couldn't lift my hand for the next couple of days, but the whole experience was really exciting. Getting back to games after so long was really enjoyable.\"Flexibility, relaxation, excitement. These are just the fringe benefits. Bhatt says while playing, their whole attitude towards life changes. They begin to see how important it is for children to play outdoors and the need to balance academics and sports. Says Williams, the sports teacher, \"When teachers play, they become mentally free. They tend to get involved with children's sporting achievements and this is a big boost for the students.\"While there are still some teachers who have not been able to cross the line, it won't be long before they do so with yoga, carrom board, TT and other indoor games too are in the pipeline.It won't be surprising if this school soon boasts of a far fitter bunch of teachers, and consequently, more agile and sport-inclined students too!GOOD PRACITCEWe have to understand the importance of basic fitness whatever our age, before we preach it to our students{+-}{+-}{+ }Roshan Menezes, school administrator", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "16999626", "title": "Project on anvil to use hyacinth for handicrafts", "text": "AMRITSAR: The forest department, in collaboration with World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF) and Punjab State Council of Science and Technology, has undertaken a project to manually clear hyacinth from Harike wildlife sanctuary and make handicraft items out of it with the help of local villagers.Presently, more than 50% area of the water body is covered by hyacinth, which has shrunk the surface area of water for migratory birds for feeding and mating, which may even even divert them to other water bodies, sources said.Divisional forest officer (wildlife) M Sudhagar told TOI on Sunday that the three departments have set up a self-help group of 35 women living in Churian and Sudhian villages, situated near the sanctuary. \"These women are being imparted training to make handicraft items, including pen-stands and bowls, from hyacinth in their villages by trained persons of the department,\" said he, adding that an employee of the forest department has undergone training in manufacture of handicraft items from Kerala.\"Officials of various departments would hold a meeting later this week to chalk out marketing plans for these handicraft items. There was no special machinery required for manufacturing these items,\" he added.A researcher with WWF, Geetajali, said they were at the initial stages of the project, which will gradually help end dependency of local people on the sanctuary. With abundant raw material in Harike, the local populace, especially womenfolk, would get a godsend opportunity to make some extra money for their families, said vice-president of Harike-based Nature Care Society, Malkiat Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "mandur", "code": "16998720", "title": "Mega-confusion over mega-projects at Azossim-Mandur gram sabha", "text": "MANDUR: A discussion over a construction licence granted by the panchayat to a proposed hotel project in Azossim and problems caused by the permanent flooding of fertile khazan lands in the area sparked off noisy scenes at a gram sabha on Sunday.The meeting of the Azossim-Mandur panchayat, which also comprises Dongorim, was chaired by sarpanch Shaila Gaunekar. The members expressed their opposition to any mega-housing projects, hotels and other major projects, which would adversely impact the ecologically sensitive zone of the village. A major part of the three villages comprises khazan land and hilly area with green cover and slopes.The members raised concerns over water and power supply, sewage and garbage and demographic character of the small villages if large-scale development is permitted.A member, Henrique D'Souza, said that the gram sabha should be consulted over any major development. Three members who were aggrieved over the project objected to the panchayat's move to issue a construction licence, stating that they are tenants in the property and the matter is sub judice.The secretary, Keshav Phadte, and another panch, Premanth Naik, stated that the approval had been issued based on documents produced by the party and could be revoked if the members were asked to show the court papers.A panch, Francis Po, informed the members that the same project had been proposed as a real estate venture in 2006. \"The panchayat had granted a provisional NOC, subject to the condition that the promoter should ensure 80% of the plots to locals,\" he said. A panel was formed to take up the issue of flooding of khazan lands. Panganini Fernandes and Gregory Vales spoke about the damage to health and environment. Phadte said the matter had been referred to the Tiswadi mamlatdar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "manjari makijani (25), daughter of (late) mac mohan (sambha from sholay) and cousin of raveena tandon , has worked as an assistant director on a posse of projects including wake up sid, 7 khoon maaf, hexe lilli", "code": "17001800", "title": "Mac Mohan's daughter wishes to fulfill her dad\u2019s dream", "text": "Manjari Makijani (25), daughter of (late) Mac Mohan (Sambha from Sholay) and cousin of Raveena Tandon , has worked as an Assistant Director on a posse of projects including Wake Up Sid, 7 Khoon Maaf, Hexe Lilli: Die Reise nach Mandolan, MI4: Ghost Protocol and Batman: The Dark Knight Rises to name some.What's more, her first independent directorial titled The Last Marble about a nine-year-old street kid who makes things from metal crap and junk, has been showcased in 15 film festivals, the latest being the Seven Islands International Film Festival (SIIFF) with the theme of empowering strong, resilient and inspirational women. Makijani in conversation with TOI...Did you start making films to support your family? No. The Last Marble happened simply because I wanted to take a break from being an Assistant Director. I had an opinion on every film I saw. That's when I realised I should be a part of the entertainment business. I was very active in drama in school and college.Isn't it true your dad set up a production house? I operate under the name of the same production house- MAC Productions. My father had a dream when he set it up. He could not fulfill his plans as his health was failing. I would like to fulfill his dream.Which of his films is your favourite? I rate Kaala Patthar as my dad's best. I don't know why but his character always makes me cry whenever I see it.Have you shown The Last Marble to Vishal Bhardwaj and Karan Johar ? Not yet, though I did go to meet Vishal sir on the sets. He is very happy for me. While talking to me, he told his son he too should send his short film to festivals. His son has made a lovely short film with Kalki Koechlin.How is the road ahead for newcomers? Today, many big filmmakers encourage good cinema from the younger crop. In fact, Dharma Productions has given my friend Sonam Nair her first break. Another friend of mine Karan Butani has a film under his belt which is going to be produced by Tigmanshu Dhulia.Is a feature film in the offing? Yes. I am planning to make a romantic comedy. Lekin uske pehle I might still make a short film or two.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16998596", "title": "Daylong revelry at Khatri mela", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Members of the community gathered to participate in 'Khatri Mela' organised with fanfare at Mini Chowdhry Garden on Sunday. Women , youth and children participated in large numbers at the fair. Children enjoyed every moment at the fair.President of Khatri Sabha Ajay Mehrotra inaugurated the mela. Various stalls displayed and sold clothes, utility items and handicraft. Visitors, especially women, evinced keen interest in the various kinds of apparels on sale at the fair.Children displayed their artistic talent at the mela participating in folk song and dance competitions in the event.During the programme, there was also a session in which 74 eligible boys and 116 girls introduced themselves and their families on stage. Spokesperson of the mela Rajesh Mehrotra informed \"We are organising the mela mostly for recreation and meeting up fellow members of the community but it is also a platform for the young to showcase their talents and personality.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "16998022", "title": "Tripura police team in Delhi to probe hoax call to IndiGo", "text": "AGARTALA: Tripura Police sent a four-member team to Delhi on Sunday in connection with the investigation of a hoax call to IndiGo airlines on Friday from Tripura threatening to destroy the flights that fly at a low height.According to reports, a person identifying himself as the son of Osama Bin Laden called the Gurgaon office of IndiGo airlines and threatened to destroy flights that fly at low height on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16998726", "title": "Proposed hotel on green land irks Malar villagers", "text": "PANAJI: The issue of a hotel project again figured at the gram sabha of the St Mathias panchayat of Malar on Sunday, but the sarpanch promised that as no proposal had been received from any promoter, there was no question of granting any approval to it.In the meeting, chaired by sarpanch Gurudas Bhomkar, he said there was neither any proposal nor anything on record about the project in the panchayat files. Residents of the island, Margaret Silveira and Prisca Fernandes, raised queries about the project.The islanders had held meetings to oppose the hotel project on their island, which is largely covered by mangroves and cultivable land, during the last three years, with support from NGOs and activists from other parts of the state.The previous body had tried to put the issue of villagers support or opposition to the project to vote, at a gram sabha meeting on November 6, 2011, despite not receiving a proposal. It had been claimed that a majority supported it. But Bhomkar said there was nothing on record about the project.The villagers also resolved that as two gas agencies have asked for police protection to deliver LPG refills due to assaults on their staff, strict action should be taken against offenders in future. They expressed their annoyance at the cutting of supplies.A member, Agnelo Menezes, suggested that the panchayat takes up with the authorities the issue of drawing power from Corlim, which is already approved, as the supply from Bicholim was erratic.The renovation of a government primary school building and construction of toilet, dredging of the river near the ferry wharf, construction of water tank, widening of the main road, ferry service at 6.15am at Divar and Sao Pedro, and other such issues had been taken up by the panchayat with the respective departments, he said. The site of 'Ganesh visarjan' would be inspected soon to renovate the platform, he then said.Prisca Fernandes said that if past resolutions remain unimplemented, members are only wasting their time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17004757", "title": "Now, a multilingual web app for patients", "text": "A new multilingual web application \" Nav Aayush\" provides multifaceted services to patients from the point of locating a store for specific medicines, to fixing appointments with doctors to creating an electronic medical record (EMR).With the help of the app, patients will not only be able to choose a chemist store closest to their home, but can also choose doctors who can converse in the same language as theirs. In addition, the app also provides services to doctors, chemists, retailers, distributors, and also pharmaceutical companies. The web app is free of cost and works nationally.Developed by Interactive System Technologies (Insystt) navayush.com helps in keep a track of information in real time availability of medicine at any given location within the country.Amit Mahimkar, chief executive officer and founder of Insystt said, \"The novelty of the web application is that it can be used by the complete chain of patients, chemists, doctors, medicine and drug distributors. While patients can check for their medicines in real time, fix appointments with doctors, create their medical records electronically and go paperless, in a similar manner distributors and pharmaceutical companies can track inventories and sale in terms of volume.\"As of now there are about 700 doctors and approximately 4,000 chemists registered with navayush.com. Though web-based, the company now plans to introduce the operational services expand stage-wise throughout the country.Though web-based, the company now plans to introduce the operational services expand stage-wise throughout the country.\"Right from the day of inception 15 years ago, I have worked painstakingly and earnestly in order to conceptualize and develop navayush.com. Since last three years, my partner and I believe in mutually generating solutions to facilitate people and envision navayush.com to accomplish its goal\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16998546", "title": "No Monday blues as colours of Russian folk arts to paint Delhi red", "text": "NEW DELHI: This week begins on a colourful note as folk and theatre artistes from Russia will perform in the city today, as part of the festival of Russian culture in India. This is the first performance of the festival, which will also travel to Chennai, Mumbai, and Bangalore, in the capital city.The show on Monday, 7pm onwards at FICCI auditorium, is a joint performance by two award-winning groups - folk dance ensemble Barynya, and the State Academic Youth Theatre. Artistes say they will incorporate select pieces by Russian and international composers, and highlight the spiritual heritage of the continent, its past and future. The artistic director of Barynya, Tatiana Timokhana, combines choreography, music, and vocal art to create a repertoire that shows the Cossacks' daring maneuvers, love lyrics of temperamental gypsy dances, and slow Russian round dance.The festival will also bring to the city dancers who will perform at a grand ballet gala at Siri Fort Auditorium on November 1. The performers are from Russian classical ballet companies that have achieved global acclaim - the Bolshoi Ballet in Moscow, Mariinsky Ballet in St Petersburg, and the Mikhailovsky Theatre, which is one of the oldest opera and ballet houses in Russia. Many award-winning soloists from the three companies like Anastasia Stashkevich of Bolshoi and Maxim Zyuzin of Mariinsky, as well as principal dancers like Bolshoi's Semyon Chudin will also take the stage.\"We are very excited as Indian and Russian culture are so distinct, yet have much in common. This is a fantastic opportunity for us, especially since we can perform in different cities, as we believe we have a lot to share with the Indian audience,\" said a participant of Monday's performance, echoing the views of the group. The artistes of the joint performance say the most marvelous one will be the ballet gala.Complimentary passes for both performances are available Indian Council for Cultural Relations office, which has organized the festival in collaboration with the ministry of culture of the RussianFederation, and Embassy of the Russian Federation. \"We will host 65 Russian artisets and delegates for the festival , in response to a similar one held in Russia last year. In 2013 Russia will host a festival of Indian culture as a reciprocal gesture,\" said Suresh Goel, director general, ICCR. The festival comes soon after the ICCR and Ministry of Russian Federation signed a protocol in the capital earlier this month on October 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17000997", "title": "Cabinet reshuffle: Know your new ministers", "text": "NEW DELHI: In the cabinet reshuffle which took place on Sunday, the Congress's \"younger set\", championed by Rahul Gandhi, has got a leg up and key positions in the reshuffle, in which as many as 17 new faces were inducted. Below is a list of the new ministers.Chandresh kumariChandresh Kumari Katoch didn't figure in the rumours that were rife ahead of the rejig. A surprise choice, because she's seen as being thrust on a relatively younger set. A look in for the Jodhpur MP married into an erstwhile Himachal royal family comes before polls in the hill state.Rahman KhanKhan may have appeared to have fallen off the radar after his term as RS deputy chairperson ended. He was consistently speculated as a possible choice for the minority affairs ministry held by Salman Khurshid. Ex-chairman of the Karnataka Legislative Council, he is known for his expertise on Waqf.Dinsha PatelDinsha is a politician of old standing. His elevation is seen as richly-deserved . The upcoming Gujarat polls and the controversy surrounding Vithala Radadiya, Porbandar MP, who was tipped for a ministerial berth before he brandished a gun at a toll plaza, may have helped.Kotla SuryaprakashKotla Suryaprakash Reddy's father, Rayalaseema strongman late Vijaybhaskara Reddy, served as AP CM twice. Suryaprakash's patience has finally paid off. He was first elected to the LS in 1994 from Kurnool when his father was CM. A Gandhi family loyalist, the Kotlas opposed YSR's clout.P Balram NaikNaik was a police constable. He's a first-time MP from Mahabubabad in Telangana. He was rewarded for loyalty to party line when the Telangana movement was taking a strong agitational path. One of the few MPs who didn't go against the high command on Telangana.Sarve SatyanarayanaSarve Satyanarayana's allegiance to Sonia has to be seen to be believed. Probably, this has paid the dividends for the 58-year-old trade union leader. He first won from Siddipet in 2004. Sarve was a 'rewardee' for his disciplined stand on Telangana. He was in the TDP before.Killi KruparaniKruparani is a doctor by profession. She trounced ex-Union minister K Yerran Naidu in the 2009 LS polls from Srikakulam and earned the giant killer tag. Probably, her book \"100 year saga of Nehru family\" helped her bag the coveted Union minister post.Ranee NarahRanee is ex-Assam women's cricket team captain and three-term MP. She becomes MoS tribal affairs. Narah represents Lakhimpur in LS. Married into a tribal family, Ranee is the wife of Bharat Narah, an Assam Congress leader. She has two sons and is a graduate of Gauhati University.Ninong EringNinong is an MP from Arunachal (East) Lok Sabha constituency. He makes his debut as MoS minority affairs. Replaces Congress MP from Shillong and former MoS water resources Vincent H Pala , who resigned on Saturday.Adhir ChowdhuryAdhir has come of age. This Murshidabad strongman has no formal education or degrees. His longtime mentor Prez Pranab Mukherjee swore him in. He's a three-term MP from Behrampore. He has several criminal charges. A Mamata-baiter, he never saw eye to eye with her.Abu Hasem Khan ChowdhuryHe was brought into politics by brother ABA Ghani Khan Choudhury. Abu Hasem became Malda South MP for the first time in 2006 after his elder brother died. In 2008, he became district Congress chief. For someone who has long wished to be a union minister, it's a dream come true.Deepa DasmunshiA day before one Laxmi Puja, her political mentor and husband P R Dasmunshi fell ill. A day before another Laxmi Puja, she took oath of office as MoS. Deepa is MP from Raigunj. She became MLA in 2006 winning from Goalpokhar. She married Dasmunsi in 1994. She is a Mamata-baiter.Bharatsinh SolankiAn MP from Anand and MoS for railways Bharatsinh Solanki, 59, has got independent charge of drinking water and sanitation. He takes over from rural development minister Jairam Ramesh, who courted controversy with his 'no toilets, no brides' comment recently. Solanki has been GPCC chief and handled ministries like power and railways.Ashwani Kumar RS member Ashwani Kumar's elevation to the Cabinet is attributed to his equation with the PM. As MoS planning and as a Congressman, he has relentlessly defended the government. An SC lawyer, he's expected to carry through judicial reforms. From Punjab, his father served as a Speaker of the state.Harish RawatRawat was a loyal party soldier until he was passed over for the Uttarakhand CM's post despite better credentials. His supporters backed Vijay Bahuguna for CM after extracting a promise that Rawat would be compensated. The leadership has redeemed the pledge elevating the Haridwar MP to the Cabinet.K ChiranjeeviA Telugu megastar who merged his Praja Rajyam with the Congress, is supposed to have a huge pull among Kapus. His entry into the government was on the cards. This is because Congress is trying to bolster its sagging political fortunes in the state.Jyotiraditya ScindiaEx-investment banker Jyotiraditya Scindia was too good to be wasted as MoS. During his tenure in the commerce ministry, he simplified export procedures. Independent charge of power for the Guna MP is part of the PM's infrastructure thrust and Rahul's desire to bring younger leaders to the forefront.Sachin PilotAjmer LS MP Sachin Pilot always seemed headed for a bigger government role. A Rahul club member, he worked hard on the ground for a reconciliation between Gujjars and Meenas fighting over quotas. He got noticed for his work in the communications ministry, though he was in charge of postal department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16997368", "title": "CM: State cabinet reshuffle before winter session", "text": "NAGPUR: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan has decided to undertake a cabinet reshuffle before the winter session of state legislature, which will start in the first week of December. Talking to mediapersons here, the CM said the reshuffle will be to improve the functioning of the government and to give representation to all regions of the state.Chavan had come here to attend the inauguration of Nagpur Improvement Trust's (NIT) three-day platinum jubilee celebrations at Kasturchand Park.When asked about decrease in number of ministers from Maharashtra in union cabinet after the recent reshuffle, he said that the party high command was likely to induct one or two ministers from the state later. On union social justice minister Mukul Wasnik's resignation, CM said that he had done it as he wanted to strengthen the party.From Kasturchand Park, CM went to Chitnis Park to attend a community function of Jain Kalar Samaj, where a large number of prominent community members were felicitated. Later, he attended 'Meet the Advocate' function organized by District Bar Association (DBA) at Gondwana Club.In the DBA function, Chavan admitted there were several flaws in the present legal system and told the lawyers about the planned improvements in the judicial infrastructure by the state government. He further said that central government too was aware of the problems in judicial system and was taking steps to rectify them.The CM, however, skirted the issue of National Law School, which has been hijacked from the city to Vasai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "16998115", "title": "Shillong pays tribute to writer Sunil Gangopadhyay", "text": "SHILLONG: People of the Pine City gathered together on Sunday to pay tributes to one of the greatest contemporary literary figures of the country, Sunil Gangopadhyay, who passed away last Tuesday.The Shillong Bangiya Shahitya Parishad (SBSP) had organized a seminar to pay homage to the writer. Presided over by eminent litterateur Uma Purkayastha along with cultural activist Afzal Hossain, the seminar, held at the Parishad premises, threw light on the exceptional literary works of Gangopadhyay, a doyen of modern Bangla literature.Paying tribute to the writer, the SBSP secretary Rita Ghosh expressed hope that the younger generation would try and emulate his rich literary legacy.Writer Pranab Kumar Sen delivered a talk on Gangopadhyay's style of writing and his influence on contemporary literature including poetry, prose, drama and novels.Delivering her keynote address, poet Swarnali Biswas highlighted how Ganguly had always provided encouragement to upcoming writers in the remote northeast. \"Gangopadhyay, who continued with the legacy of Sarat Chandra Chatterjee, provided us with the courage to associate ourselves with literary endeavours in the mainland,\" Biswas, who holds a doctorate on the writer's works, said.She cited several examples of how the writer, who had travelled to several parts of the northeast, had influenced young writers of the region. Biswas, a recipient of the famous Krittibash Award in literature, narrated how Gangopadhyay had introduced her to the audience in Kolkata as the \"lady from the city of 11 Bangla language martyrs.\"\"We had the privilege to invite him to the Parishad hall at a literary workshop in 2008 when he was president of the Sahitya Akademi,\" said Mohitosh Chakraborty, who was the-then general secretary of the SBSP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "ramanathapuram", "code": "16999492", "title": "Thevar Jayanthi commences, traffic diversions announced", "text": "RAMANATHAPURAM: The three-day Thevar Jayanthi commenced with traditional prayers at Pasumpon, the birthplace of U Muthuramalinga Thevar on Sunday. About one lakh people from neighbouring districts are expected to visit the village on October 30 and tight security arrangements have been made in this regard.The three-day event consists of yagnam and prayers on the first day while the second day will have spiritual discourses in the evenings. On the third day, Guru Pooja will be held and various political leaders are expected to pay their tributes.On Sunday morning, Kovai Kamatchipuri Aadheenam inaugurated the Latcharjanai, and the yagnam and recitation of prayers was held in the memorial hall of Thevar in the village. Women from neighbouring villages carried 'mulaipari' and milk pots to the venue. Later in the evening, special prayers were offered and a car procession of Thevar was carried around the village. Leaders from political parties and outfits are expected to visit the venue from Monday night onwards.The district administration and police department took various precautionary measures to conduct the event in a peaceful manner. Police security has been tightened en route to and around the village after the incident of a sub-inspector being killed on Saturday. Thirupachethi, SI, Alwin Sudhan was stabbed to death and two other police men were injured by few people who were visiting Kalayarkoil to pay tributes to Marudhu brothers.Tension prevailed in Kamudhi on Saturday after some stone pelting on vans carrying torch bearers for the festival was reported.Under these circumstances, DGP K Ramanujam who visited Madurai and Ramanathapuram on Sunday said that 12 companies of armed police from various districts have been deployed. He ruled out any tension arising during Thevar Jayanthi following this incident and termed the killing of policeman was very unfortunate and stray incident. Ramanujam paid homage to the deceased policeman, Alwin Sudhan at Government Rajaji Hospital.Later in the evening, he held a meeting with police officials in Ramanathapuram over security arrangements. IG Rajesh Das, DIG M Ramasubramani, SP Mayilvaganan and other top rung police officials attended the meeting. After the meeting, he told media that 5,000 police personnel were deployed for the event.Meanwhile, the district police have announced traffic diversions in view of the festival. With hundreds of vehicles expected to visit Pasumpon in Ramanathapuram on Tuesday for Thevar Jayanthi, Madurai police have announced traffic regulations for the day. Trucks and goods carriers will not be allowed inside the city from 4 am till the end of the event on Tuesday and except vehicles allowed to garland the Thevar statue in Goripalayam, no other vehicles will be allowed towards Thevar statue.All the vehicles from Natham Road and Alagarkoil Road will be diverted into Raja Muthiah Hall, K K Nagar, Aavin Junction, Anna Nagar Main Road, PTR Bridge and Kamarajar Salai.Vehicles from Mattuthavani and Aavin Junction towards Natham Road will be diverted towards Raja Muthiah Hall, Youth Hostel, Race Course, Thamarai Thotti and New Natham Road.Vehicles from North Veli Street to Yanaikal new bridge should go via Palam Station Road and vehicles going to MM Lodge to take Khansapuram Road, E2E2 Road and Arasan Sweets.Vehicles from Thathaneri should take Kulamangalam Road through Palam Station Road to reach other diversions.No vehicle is allowed to be parked in roads such as Anna Salai Junction, South Masi Street, Alagarkoil Main Raod and Palam Station Road, which have been set aside for vehicles plying to Pasumpon, the police warned in their official statement. Commissioner of police Sanjay Mathur appealed to public to avoid Thevar Statue area on Tuesday and take diversions given by the police.Meanwhile, the district police booked cases against 32 persons during the rally taken towards Kalayarkoil for Marudhu Pandiyar Jayanthi on Saturday. These 32 persons from different districts were booked on charges of obscene language, travelling on vehicle rooftops and other traffic violations. The cases were filed under the Tamil Nadu Motor Vehicles Act. Police notices were issued to police stations concerned for further action. Minor violations were slapped against 120 vehicles, police said. Stringent action will be taken on violators of regulations during the upcoming Thevar Jayanthi and action will be taken against vehicles and drivers violating norms, Madurai SP V Balakrishnan warned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17002596", "title": "Jewels of India exhibition kick starts in Bangalore", "text": "Here's a chance to buy that piece of jewllery that you've been yearning for this festive season. Large crowds and happy shoppers best describe the scene at the Jewels of India exhibition. \"The response has been beyond what we have seen at our exhibitions before,\" says Sandeep Bekal, convenor.This proves that gold and jewellery still hold topmost priority in the minds of Indian shoppers. With over 100 jewellers participating in this exhibition, Jewels of India makes for a must-visit do. The show, held right in the heart of the city at St Joseph's Indian High School, has also drawn a lot of celebrities along with other shoppers, who have enjoyed the wide range of jewellery on display.The high turnout at the exhibition is mainly credited to it being well-timed, as it is being held right before the festive and wedding season. And, of course, the showcasing of exotic and special jewellery from across the country is a big draw. There is a competitive atmosphere among the jewellers, who are offering the best designs and prices.Sumalatha Ambareesh , the brand ambassador for Jewels of India, says she has been a part of the exhibition since its inception in 1999 and has built an enviable collection of jewellery that her friends admire. \"Such a show, which is held only once a year, should not be missed by women who love jewellery,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16999330", "title": "Italian help for UP's leather clusters", "text": "KANPUR: This December, a delegation of Italian leather entrepreneurs will visit Kanpur and Hardoi to extend their help in setting up of mega leather clusters in the two districts.Ramaipur village under Bidhnoo development block in Kanpur and Sandeela in Hardoi districts have been identified for the establishment of the leather clusters.The Italian entrepreneurs would not only apprise their Indian counterparts of modern techniques but also know-how of the industry.An Indian delegation headed by Dr Anil Kumar Gupta, chairman UPSIDC and Commissioner Industrial Development recently returned a four-day tour of Italy.According to UPSIDC sources, the central government plans to set up the clusters for leather industry because it shows great potential for export, and will spend Rs1.5 billion on each mega cluster.The state government had also sanctioned the two leather clusters at Kanpur and Hardoi as identified by UPSIDC. An investment to the tune of Rs 2000 crore is proposed in those clusters.UPSIDC already had land in Sandeela which it has developed for the purpose. Only setting up of the industrial unit remains. In Kanpur, the corporation identified an area of around 600 acres near Ramaipur village and proceedings to acquire it are on.Sources revealed that the delegation which visited Italy had met Italian leather entrepreneurs and also held a meeting with Italian leather council.The delegation had assessed and visited treatment plants installed in the country and discussed the latest technology in use. The delegation had also visited a cluster of 300 leather units in Italy and studied the work culture and industrial products.Alok Kumar, secretary to chief minister, Manoj Kumar Singh, managing director UPSIDC and Mukul Singhal, principal secretary small scale industries were part of the delegation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17004200", "title": "Former Punjab MLA Malkit Singh Keetu shot at, dies on way to hospital", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Former Punjab MLA Malkit Singh Keetu on Monday died after he was shot at allegedly by his nephew in Moga district over a property dispute, a senior police official said.67-year-old Keetu died while being taken to hospital, Moga's senior superintendent of police, Surjit Singh told over phone.The incident occurred at Bilaspur village under Nihalsingh Wala in Moga on Monday morning, he said.The SSP said that Keetu, a former Shiromani Akali Dal MLA from Barnala, used to live in his house in Bilaspur and in Barnala.He said that Keetu's two nephews Harpreet and Jaspreet arrived at his Moga house on Monday morning.\"Keetu had just come out after taking a bath. He had a towel wrapped around him when his two nephews reached there and entered into altercation with him. The two were accompanied by three more accomplices.\"In the altercation over some property dispute, Harpreet pumped bullets from a .315 bore pistol. Keetu died while he was being taken to hospital,\" he said.A case has been registered and further investigations were under progress, the SSP added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16998366", "title": "University of Kerala modern lab to be opened today", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The University of Kerala is going to be equipped with centralized facilities for high power computing as well as analysis and spatial mapping of elements in trace and ultra trace quantities. A state-of-the-art laboratory, housing full-fledged ICP (Inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry) system coupled with laser ablation and gas chromatography will be inaugurated on Monday at the Kariavattom campus.The expensive augmentation is made possible by the PURSE programme of the Department of Science and Technology, Govt of India. The programme is being implemented by a committee chaired by the vice-chancellor and co-ordinated and carried out by Dr V Prasannakumar, director of research.The introduction of new facility is expected to invariably enhance the quality of theoretical as well as empirical studies. Apart from this, it can also promote the interactions among various theoretical/computational research groups and experimental scientists.The lab will also provide facilities for analysing the standard of soft drinks, marine products and for the study of medicines used in chemo therapy and dietary supplements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16997961", "title": "Rs 4.6 lakh stolen from car at Vimannagar", "text": "PUNE: Unidentified persons broke the windscreen of a sports utility vehicle (SUV) that was parked near a bank at Vimannagar on Saturday afternoon and decamped with a bag containing Rs 4.60 lakh.Chandrakant Kamble (38) of Vadgaonsheri has lodged a complaint with the Airport police.Assistant police inspector with the Airport police P B Kolte said the incident took place between 12pm and 12.30pm on Saturday, when the complainant Kamble was inside a bank.Kolte said that Kamble, a building contractor, and his friend went to a bank in Vimannagar around 11am on Saturday and withdrew Rs 3 lakh. They kept the money in a bag which already had Rs 1.60 lakh in it. As Kamble needed more money, he and his friend went to another bank in the same area, leaving the bag in the car.On returning, they found the windscreen of the SUV broken and the bag with the cash missing. The bag also contained Kamble's income tax returns, passbooks, cheque books and some bills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16997564", "title": "Drop in temperature expected soon", "text": "BHOPAL: Slight chill in air during morning and late hours is indication of onset of winters in the region. The state is expected to witness a drop in the temperature in coming days, according to weatherman.Officials of the Met department, Bhopal circle, said the drop in the minimum temperature and the changed wind direction would gradually intensify in winters.It would also result into reducing variation between the maximum and minimum temperatures leading to chill during the day time as well.Maximum and minimum temperatures among four major cities- Bhopal, Indore, Gwalior and Jabalpur ranged between 31.7 degrees Celsius and 13.9 degrees C on Sunday.The maximum temperature in Bhopal was recorded at 31.3 (00) degrees C and the minimum remained at 16.5 (00) degrees C.Indore recorded a maximum temperature of 31.0 (00) degrees C against a minimum of 15.4 (00) degrees C.The maximum temperature in Gwalior was recorded at 31.7 (-1) degrees C whereas the minimum stood at 13.9 (-3) degrees C.The maximum and minimum temperatures in Jabalpur were respectively recorded at 29.7 (-1) 15.2 (-1) degrees C.The weatherman said similar dry conditions are expected to prevail in the state on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17001738", "title": "'Aashiqui 2' gets postponed again", "text": "While the Bhatt camp is excited about the sequel to their 1990 romantic hit Aashiqui starring Rahul Roy and Anu Agarwal, we've learnt Aashiqui 2 has failed to keep its date with Valentine's Day.The sequel that went on floors this month will not release on February 14 as originally slated because Vishesh Films' Murder 3 will now hit theatres a day later i.e. February 15.Aashiqui 2 will open to audiences sometime in April next year. Reportedly, Murder 3 too was earlier scheduled to release by end of this year but got postponed.A source told us, \" Aashiqui 2 was delayed as casting of the leading lady took some time. Though it was announced the makers are planning to release the film on Feb 14, it doesn't seem that way. After shooting, they will also need some time for promotions.\"Aashiqui 2 is being directed by Mohit Suri and produced by Vishesh films and T-Series, while Murder 3 is Vishesh Bhatt's directorial debut. The date of release hasn't been decided yet however Bhushan Kumar and Mahesh Bhatt are expected to take a call soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16999823", "title": "Doctor attempts suicide", "text": "MUMBAI:A doctor, Faizan Khan (31), attempted suicide at a guest house in the Dongri area on Sunday by consuming a poisonous substance. Dr FaizanKhan was found lying unconscious at Zam Zam guest house. Dongri police were informed of the incident andKhan was rushed to JJ Hospital. While Khan is out of danger, his statement is yet to be recorded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16997988", "title": "Voters' registration process to continue", "text": "PUNE: The election office has set the target of registering 50,000 new voters during the special drive which is schedule to end this month. However, citizens who may miss the deadline can still register even after the drive is over.Pune district has approximately 60 lakh voters, and the election office is expecting an increase of at least one lakh voters by the end of this year, said Apurva Wankhede, district deputy election officer, here on Sunday.Speaking at the voters' awareness programme organized by city-based Bhoi Pratisthan and Seva Mitra Mandal, Wankhede said, \"The election commission of India has simplified the procedures for registering names in the voters' list. We have also conducted various training sessions for volunteers who can help citizens in the registration process.\"The commission has already declared presidents and secretaries of cooperative housing societies as booth level volunteers. It is expected that these volunteers will submit the registration forms in bulk with the election officers. The names will be registered in the voters' list after verification. People can register their names even after the drive, said Wankhede.As many as 148 representatives of various civic institutions participated in the awareness programme. These representatives will now help residents from various localities to get their names registered in the voters' list.Milind Bhoi of the Pratisthan said, \"Inclusion of a name as voter is a very important and crucial process. The process of verification of all the names, address and other supporting documents is time-consuming. Our volunteers will help citizens in submitting their applications and get their name enlisted in the voters list.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "perambalur", "code": "16999490", "title": "Fire breaks out in temple during mass marriage ceremony", "text": "PERAMBALUR: A fire broke out at the Perambalur Perumal temple on Kadai Veethi the district. As many as 13 couples, who assembled there to get married on the auspicious 'aipasai' ran for cover after smoke billowed from inside the temple compound wall,. However, no one was injured.About six couples had already formally registered to tie the nuptial knot and there were seven more couples who were getting readied to get married.An eyewitness said some of the couples had already tied the knot when the fire broke out at around 8am and some others, who were in the process of doing so, took to their heels as the smoke engulfed the entire vicinity of the open marriage hall in the temple. Joint commissioner of HR&CE; department Ilamparithi who was informed about the incident at around 11.15am rushed to the spot soon after. Ilamparithi told TOI that some repair works were being carried out in the arthamandapam and fire emanated from the corner where unwanted items had been dumped. Ilamparithi said that he had already ordered to raze down the compound wall of the temple and construct it anew. Moreover, the temple's executive officer, Annakodi, who was not present at the temple after the fire broke out was temporarily suspended.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16998336", "title": "Noida traders resist civic drive against encroachment", "text": "NOIDA: The team formed by Noida Authority to decongest Sector 18 and the adjoining Atta markets faced strict opposition of local traders against any anti-encroachment drive during the ongoing festive season. Traders and shopkeepers of the markets halted the anti-encroachment drive on Sunday evening and have threatened to escalate the matter to higher functionaries if it is not brought to an end immediately.Authority officials said that the matter will be taken up for discussion with senior officials before it embarks on the drive again from Monday.Noida Authority has formed a team of officials to ensure proper parking of vehicles and to remove encroachments in the busy commercial hub of Sector 18 and Atta market during the festive season. The team will also help streamline traffic movement in the otherwise congested roads of the market, other than keeping at bay encroachers and hawkers from creating mess on the roads.The team, working under the supervision of work circle 2 of the Authority, has been handed the task of keeping the main road and adjoining markets between Sector 15 and Sector 18 Metro stations free from rush in the festive season. Vehicular rush on this particular stretch gets multiplied every festive season due to large number of visitors to the markets nearby.\"To ensure smooth movement of traffic on this stretch, it is necessary to remove all hawkers and peddlers who squat on the roadside,\" said a senior official of Noida Authority. Officials added that irrespective of the drive against hawkers, it will go ahead with ensuring that vehicles are not parked on this stretch as it leads to traffic chaos. \"Cycle rickshaws, trolleys or any other vehicles found parked on this stretch will be impounded,\" said the official.Traders &amp; shopkeepers of the markets threatened to escalate the matter to higher functionaries if it is not brought to an end immediately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17002464", "title": "Soumen Das' unique initiative on World Obesity Day", "text": "World Obesity Day couldn't have been celebrated in a better way. Soumen Das, proprietor of Soumen's Workout, flagged off a unique initiative \u2014 a special workout session formulated with emphasis on the younger generation \u2014 on Friday to mark the occasion. The event witnessed active participation of not just students from city schools and NGOs, actor Nusrat Jahan also graced the occasion.  Besides a 10-minute workout regime, the event had participants promoting the cause of healthy living by walking the stretch from Esplanade to Dum Dum, via Salt Lake. The initiative was designed to encourage people to adopt healthier lifestyles so as to keep ailments at bay. Speaking about the event, Soumen says, \"We are touched with the kind of response we've received from students on World Obesity Day. The is a clear indication of the growing consciousness about obesity in the city. We are confident that our efforts will be beneficial for all.\" Politician Dr Nirmal Maji was also present at the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16997314", "title": "Probe Digvijaya\u2019s claims against kin of Vajpayee, Advani: Ex-CJI JS Verma", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former Chief Justice of India JS Verma on Sunday said he was completely \"disgusted\" with the lack of morality of Indian politicians and sought a probe into Congress general secretary Digvijaya Singh's claim of having evidence of graft against the kin of BJP leaders A B Vajpayee and L K Advani.\"Well, that is a very disturbing statement. It reveals, if true, a conspiracy at the top against the combating of corruption which people are talking all the time and it shows that political morality is at its lowest ebb,\" Justice Verma said in an interview to a news channel.He made the observation when asked what he thought of the Congress leader's statement that he had information about certain instances which were equivalent to corruption on the part of family members of BJP leaders, but would not reveal it.The former CJI wanted enforcement agencies to verify Singh's allegations. \"If true, it indicates something in the nature of a very serious criminal offence and it is the duty of the law enforcement agencies to ensure that the rule of law is maintained,\" he said.In both cases, he said, if it was untrue, it was unfair to the people who were named. \"If it is true, then it is a very serious matter and it is not a personal matter. It has got something to do with the nation as a whole and I am really very disturbed that, that should be the understanding at the top,\" he said referring to Singh's statement.On allegations against Robert Vadra, son-in-law of Congress chief Sonia Gandhi , Justice Verma said not only the person in the seat of power but also those in close proximity should be above suspicion because they could influence decisions.On Vadra, the former CJI said, \"Who believes that he is a totally private person. When we say that Caesar's wife should be above suspicion, it means everyone in close proximity.\"On hesitation of political parties to question people in high places, Justice Verma said, \"It would indicate or reveal a conspiracy of silence to tolerate corruption at the highest level. And if that is the conspiracy of silence to accept corruption at the highest level, where is the point of talking of combating corruption. Then it's mere hypocrisy, it has no meaning.\"He said if there was any prima facie evidence against BJP president Nitin Gadkari , he should offer to step down. \"If there is any prima facie evidence, which any reasonable person would accept as evidence, then there is a moral duty not to wait for the outcome in a court of law, one must step down,\" Justice Verma said.Speaking about corruption in the judiciary, he said some people show their true colours when they reach where they had aimed for. \"I have always advocated the need for an effective mechanism to enforce judicial accountability in the case of people who show their true colours later,\" he added.He said when he was the CJI, he had recommended action against several judges but no action was taken against them. \"I had enquiries conducted against a number of high court judges, written to the prime minister sending the papers. The papers may or may not be there, but nothing happened,\" he said.Comparing the situation in India with that abroad, Justice Verma said Rajat Gupta in the US and a former prime minister of Italy were convicted for much lesser charges.\"Rajat Gupta must be ruing the day when he decided to do all what he did elsewhere. If he was here, he would be safe. He would not have even been investigated,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17003156", "title": "Junior Maan presents Hasdi", "text": "The 1LuvMusic Label delivers a brand new artist for Bhangra lovers across the globe. Junior Maan has released his debut single 'Hasdi' recently.The Birmingham based artist began his life in the music industry as a lyricist. With numerous songs under his belt, this Punjabi poet has been supplying the words for some huge hits including DJ Sanj (Chugliyan) and Miss Pooja (Lak De Hullare) amongst others.Although he has been singing since the age of 16, it wasn't until very recently that he bowed under the pressure of family and friends and grabbed the microphone to record professionally. Employing the musical genius of Bee2 led to the birth of his debut single 'Hasdi'.Junior was raised on a varied musical diet. His influences stretch across a number of genres from folk to dance and some of his biggest influences were Master Saleem, Ustad Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan and Babbu Maan.The multi-talented Junior spends much of his time listening to and learning from different styles of music and as a professional Harmonium player, he attempts to use his instruments to delicately fuse together these new sounds with more traditional beats. Keep your ears open for more news on Junior Maan, he'll be coming to a venue near you soon!Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17004253", "title": "Why was Pawan Kalyan silent?", "text": "When entire media and insiders with in the film circles were buzzing one or the other news on controversies around 'Cameraman Ganga Tho Ram Babu,' it was only distributor Dil Raju and director Puri Jagannath responded now and then. When Telangana issue was pegged to 'CGR,' there were some legal police complaints filed on hero Pawan and director Puri. Even then one hasn't found any reaction from Power Star.Finally, we hear that Pawan left to Europe for a family trip immediately after the completion of all the post production works related to 'CGR.' He was out of country on the day of release of film. 'Pawan was in touch with producer and director but never encouraged any media statements from them against the sentiments of people. If some other heroes were in the place of Power Star, they could have lost their patience and cool temper. Pawan is always above these controversies and his silent attitude has been a special coloring in his personality,' says an insider.Source: www.haihoi.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16998945", "title": "Eight held for Tiljala gangwar", "text": "KOLKATA: Eight notorious rowdies, including dreaded criminal Lalbabu, have been arrested in connection with the gangwar at Tiljala on Friday that left four injured.Kolkata Police joint CP (crime) Pallav Kanti Ghosh said that all were arrested from their Basanti hideout on Saturday night. They were produced in the court on Sunday and remanded to police custody for 14 days.Police said the miscreants landed at Topsia Second Lane, commonly known as Mollapara, on Friday morning, and started looking for the members of a rival gang headed by Manowar and Sabbir. barged into the at Mollapara of Topsia second lane on Friday morning. In broad day light they brandished arms and dragged out members of their rival gang belong to Manowar and Sabbir.They shot at Sabbir, Iftikar, Kabil and hacked Asif after dragging them on to the open road.Locals said that Manowar's mentor and local Satta don Sayeed had an old enmity with Lalbabu. The rivalry is centred around gaining control over illegal construction, drug peddling and power theft. Members of both the groups often engage themselves in fights, which resulted in the murder of one of the members a year ago. nearly a year ago one was murdered over the rivalry.Police said that on Thursday, Manowar and his men raided Lalbabu's hideout. They opened fire and hurled bombs, but Lalbabu and his gang members managed to escape unhurt.Next morning, they launched a counter-attack, shot at three and hacked one from Manowar's group.Locals alleged that after the change in state politics,members of both the gangs are close to a minister. \"And his son is the main man behind Lalbabu's gang,\" alleged some locals.Officers of the anti-rowdy squad also admitted political connections behind the warring groups. Police said that similar gang rivalry is common in other parts of east Kolkata. Several gangs, with political backing, are active and often get involved in gang wars.Police said that no fire arms were found from the possession of the accused. \"We are interrogating them for the arms used in the attack,\" said an ARS officer. Local Trinamool MLA and minister Javed Khan, however, blamed Chunnu Miya, who was involved in several criminal activities in the past, for the criminal activities. When ToI contacted Chunnu, he dismissed the allegation and said most criminals are now loyal to the ruling party. Chunnu even alleged that his life is in danger so he stays out of the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16997939", "title": "Sourav Ganguly calls stumps, won't play in next IPL", "text": "KOLKATA: He had called time on his international career after the Test series against Australia in 2008. Sourav Ganguly confirmed on Sunday that the IPL match between Pune Warriors and Kolkata Knight Riders on May 19, 2012, was his last competitive match in domestic cricket.He has informed Sahara bosses, owners of the Pune franchise, that he does not wish to play in IPL 6 even though he is contracted to play one more season for them.\"I had a wondeful time playing in the IPL for five seasons. It gave me a chance to keep playing top-class cricket even after quitting international cricket. But I can't go on forever, and I have requested the franchise owners not to consider me for IPL 6,\" Sourav told TOI on Sunday.It effectively means the end of Sourav's gittering 21-year career that began way back in 1989-90 in the Ranji Trophy final against Delhi.Sourav, who had requested Bengal selectors not to consider him for the season's first Ranji Trophy match against Rajasthan, also confirmed that he would not be playing first-class cricket either.\"It is tough to play a whole season of first-class cricket when you know that you are not going to play for India. I kept playing first-class cricket because you cannot just turn up for IPL without any sort of preparation,\" said Sourav, who featured in the bulk of Bengal's matches last season.\"Bengal cricket is in good hands. It is good to see the likes of Manoj, Wriddhiman, Dinda, Sami and Anustup knocking hard on the selectors' door. I wish them all the best,\" he added.The former India captain said he had made up his mind during IPL 5 itself, but refused to acknowledge that it had anything to do with Pune Warriors' poor show.\"Twenty20 is a very demanding format. I will be almost 41 by the time IPL 6 ends. It would have been very tough for the body,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16998832", "title": "Protest against caning ofVisvesvaraya Technological University students", "text": "BANGALORE: Over 50 students from city colleges affiliated to Visvesvaraya Technological University (VTU) protested at Mysore Bank Circle on Sunday against the alleged caning of their fellow students in front of the varsity headquarters in Belgaum.VTU students were lathi-charged on Friday. They were protesting the varsity's 'critical system', which required students to clear all their first-year subjects by the end of second year, failing which they would not be promoted to third year.\"Sunday's protest was against the lathi-charge and VTU's critical system,\" said Yuvraj MP, vice-president, Bangalore District Committee, Students Federation of India (SFI).SFI also plans to hold a 'Raj Bhavan Chalo' on November 2 and submit a memorandum to higher education minister CT Ravi. About 1,000 students from different engineering colleges under VTU in Bangalore are expected to participate in the protest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16997512", "title": "GHMC axe to fall on ancient fish market", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Begum Bazaar fish market, one of the lesser known buildings constructed by the erstwhile City Improvement Board (CIB) in the 1930s, has housed generations of vendors. Its historic value and heritage are clearly lost on the GHMC which has drawn up proposals to demolish it for constructing a contrasting modern facility.The fish market was constructed by the CIB which also constructed notable buildings like the Osmania Hospital, the high court and the City College. It comprises five sections, one each for selling fish, dry fish, goat, sheep, meat and poultry. The beef section was closed three decades ago and as of now fish and mutton sections operate on both wholesale and retail basis. However, both these sections and the rest of the complex that stands on a land measuring one acre, has been left to the vagaries of time with very little attention given to its maintenance. For instance, consider the mutton section that has its entrance on the southern side. Twenty six stalls line the walkway where provisions were made for sellers to sell meat. Of these stalls, 10 are unusable as the roof above has caved in. Of the remaining stalls, only five are in use and the rest are left unused as they too are considered unsafe.With high occupancy rates at the fish market section, the existing space and facilities have become woefully inadequate. Close to a 100 sellers conduct business on a daily basis at the market while there are 42 stalls. Owing to shortage of space, the sellers have occupied chunks of corridors. Also, the water drainage system and waste disposal mechanism have not improved commensurately with the growth in business.\"We have been urging the government to improve the market for the past two decades. The building is unsafe and is currently bereft of any facility, including power supply,\" said Parvath Singh, president, Begum Bazaar Fish Market Association.The GHMC drew up a proposal for modernization of the fish section to the tune of Rs 5.5 crore last year. Part of this funding is to come from the national Fisheries Development Board. The municipal body wrote to the government for administrative sanction of the amount ten days ago. According to the proposal plan, the sanctioned amount is meant only for modernization of the fish market. The old building is set for demolition and in its place a new cellar plus G+1 structure will be built.The idea of demolition of the market has evoked strong reactions from heritage activists. \"If the character of existing markets is tinkered with, not only will it change its feel, it will also change the nature of business by bringing in traders with different trade practices which are alien to the market. If a market becomes inadequate, new ones can be developed in other areas,\" said one activist.Anuradha Naik, a city-based conservation architect who presented the GHMC with an initial assessment of the market, told TOI that the building can be salvaged. \"The complex is in a poor state but it can be restored. Contemporary intervention and restoration can allow for development of basic amenities like water supply and waste disposal while allowing for retention of the original character of the market,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16998615", "title": "Teachers continue protest against 'faulty' posting", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Continuing their agitation on Sunday, hundreds of women primary school teachers staged a dharna at Chandrashekhar Azad Park here protesting against officials of basic education department posting them allegedly to places they had not filled up as their choice during the recently concluded counselling.The teachers raised slogans against the basic education department for its failure to adjust them in schools despite seeking three places of their choice during the re-location of teachers in the district.The teachers alleged that officials had asked them to fill up three places as positions of their choice while conducting counselling on September 21 and 22 which would be kept in mind while re-locating them from their existing place of posting. But the list issued by the department is contrary to the above mentioned guidelines and postings have been done in a \"whimsical manner\" posting teachers to areas never mentioned as choices by the candidates. The teachers pledged to continue the agitation until the issue is not resolved by the department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17003934", "title": "England start Indian tour with warm-up game against Test hopefuls", "text": "MUMBAI: England's cricketers start their preparations for what promises to be a gruelling Test series against India by taking on India 'A' in a three-day warm-up game from Tuesday.Led by opener Alastair Cook , who made a fine debut in India with a half-century and an unbeaten century to boot at Nagpur in March 2006, the Englishmen have arrived with a mission - to become the first team from their shores to defeat India in a Test rubber since David Gower's 1984-85 tourists.England have won a few Tests on the Indian soil, notably in Cook's debut series when Indian batsmen crumbled against the spin of long-forgotten Shaun Udal and the pace of James Anderson and Andrew Flintoff , but have never clutched the Test rubber in hand while departing.England are coming off a 0-2 series loss to South Africa that also took away their top ranking in Tests. Now they face a determined-looking India, who are waiting to avenge the humiliating 4-0 whitewash sustained last year in England.That the visitors had practiced extensively for three days in Dubai against their own spin bowlers Graeme Swann , Monty Panesar and Samit Patel at the ICC Global Cricket Academy is a clear sign of what they expect would be the biggest hurdle here.However, the home team, in the warm-up game led by Test middle order aspirant Suresh Raina, does not have any spin bowlers to boast of, viewed as a deliberate ploy to deprive the visiting batsmen any practice against slow bowling.The return of Kevin Pietersen as the 17th additional member after his recent patch-up with teammates would be another interesting piece of the puzzle.The patch-up came after weeks of peace talks that followed his unceremonious ouster for off-field happenings despite scoring a hundred midway through the Test rubber against South Africa at home.How quickly and well the lanky batsman, who had scored a classy hundred on his last Test visit to India in 2008, gels with his teammates in alien conditions would be watched with a lot of interest by the host country's Test team members, some of who are in India 'A' squad.While the rest of the squad had come from England via Dubai, Pietersen arrived separately last night from South Africa where he was playing for IPL franchise Delhi Daredevils in the Champions League T20.Pietersen will need to quickly get into the Test mode from the slam-bang of T20s.The retirement of former skipper Andrew Strauss has also come as a headache for England as they are still searching for a suitable opening partner for Cook in the short time they have got ahead of the opening Test at Ahmedabad from November 15.Rookie opener Nick Compton , grandson of former England great Dennis who had played in the Ranji Trophy championship in India but never came on a Test tour, is one option for the visiting team.The match would also be the first chance for the much-touted England pace attack to get used to the slow pace and low bounce of Indian pitches. The spin trio of Swann, Panesar and Patel, on the other hand, would be licking their lips in anticipation.From the home side's point of view, the match is a very important one to sort out one or two batting slots in the Test team, if not immediately but in the near future.There are three players vying for the reserve opener's slot -- Murali Vijay, Abhinav Mukund and Ajinkya Rahane -- the last-named being part of the Test squad as the third opener behind regulars Virender Sehwag and Gautam Gambhir .On Sunday, India A coach Lalchand Rajput hinted after the team's practice that Rahane could bat at no. 3.\"I think Rahane likes to bat at number 3. Normally team management and the coach take a call but it's a new selection committee. We will wait and see,\" said Rajput, a clear hint that India Test discards Mukund and Vijay could open.The match could also be a direct contest for the vacant no. 6 slot between incumbent Raina and comeback man Yuvraj Singh , who is coming into the game on the back of a double hundred for North Zone in the Duleep Trophy.Also in the running for middle order slots are Manoj Tiwary, Ambati Rayudu, a late replacement for Shikhar Dhawan who sat out of the match as it clashed with his wedding, Ashok Meneria and Robin Bist , from Rajasthan.With no regular spinners in the India A ranks, the medium pacers will have a long work haul which would be to their benefit, according to Rajput, on a wicket which may assist the pacers in the initial stages of the game.\"It's a good wicket. At CCI, always the first session helps the bowlers. It's one of those wickets which will have some carry in the first session. It's a typical Mumbai wicket, there will be a little bit of bounce,\" said Rajput\"I don't know what the selectors have in mind. I would look at it from the point of view of the medium pacers. It's a good opportunity for them. Normally, if you have two spinners, medium pacers don't take much part in the game because after the new ball, they are dead because of the turning wickets.\"Teams (from):India 'A': Suresh Raina (Capt.), Murali Vijay, Ambati Rayudu, Ajinkya Rahane, Yuvraj Singh, Manoj Tiwary, Wriddhiman Saha, Irfan Pathan , R Vinay Kumar, Parvinder Awana, Ashok Dinda , Robin Bist, Ashok Menaria and Abhinav Mukund.England: Alastair Cook, James Anderson, Jonny Bairstow , Ian Bell , Tim Bresnan , Stuart Broad , Nick Compton, Steven Finn , Graham Onions , Eoin Morgan, Monty Panesar, Samit Patel, Kevin Pietersen, Matt Prior , Joe Root, Graeme Swann, Jonathan Trott .Hours of Play: 09:30-11:30am; 12:10-02:10 pm; 02:30-04:30pm (Minimum 90 overs a day).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16999549", "title": "England team arrives for Test, T20 rubbers against India", "text": "MUMBAI: The England team led by Alastair Cook, along with the support staff, arrived early Monday morning from Dubai for a series of four Test matches and two T20 Internationals against hosts India.Key middle-order batsman Kevin Pietersen , added to the team as the 17th member following a patch-up with his teammates after being dropped midway through the home Test rubber against South Africa, had arrived a few hours earlier.Pietersen, who played for Delhi Daredevils in the Champions T20 League before the team got knocked out in the semifinal, arrived late last night from South Africa while the other team members came from the UAE where they had practiced for a few days at the ICC's Global Cricket Academy.Pietersen was readmitted into the team on October 18. He was ousted from the team in August after sending mobile text messages with unflattering comments about the then captain Andrew Strauss and teammates to two rival players - Dale Steyn and AB de Villiers - during the second Test of the last home series against South Africa at Headingley, Leeds.England are to play three warm-up games, prior to the opening Test of the series starting at Ahmedabad on November 15.They are to open the tour with a three-day warm-up game against India 'A' side, led by Suresh Raina, at the Cricket Club of India here on October 30.The second warm-up game for the tourists, against Mumbai 'A', is scheduled at the D Y Patil Stadium in Navi Mumbai from November 3-5.The third and last practice game, to be played over four days, is to be held at Ahmedabad from November 8-11 prior to the start of the Test series in that city.The remaining Tests are to be played at Mumbai (November 23-27), Kolkata (December 5-9) and Nagpur (December 13-17) followed by the two T20 Internationals at Pune (December 20) and Mumbai (December 22).England would return home after the conclusion of the T20 series for the Christmas and New Year break before returning to India on January 3 for a five-match ODI series to be held from January 11 to 27 at Rajkot, Kochi, Ranchi, Mohali and Dharamsala.England squad: Alastair Cook (Captain), James Anderson , Jonny Bairstow , Ian Bell , Tim Bresnan , Stuart Broad , Nick Compton , Steven Finn , Graham Onions , Eoin Morgan , Monty Panesar , Samit Patel, Kevin Pietersen, Matt Prior , Joe Root, Graeme Swann and Jonathan Trott .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16999145", "title": "Five killed in road accident in Maal", "text": "LUCKNOW: Five persons, mostly labourers from villages, were killed in a road accident at 7.30 a.m. on the Gahado Road near Tiwarikheda village on Sunday morning. The road on which the accident took place leads to Malihabad via Rahimabad and witnesses significant vehicular movement.The accident took place when the ill-fated tempo ferrying the daily-wage labourers collided with a truck.According to reports, the driver of the tempo was talking on phone, while driving and could not manoeuvre the vehicle away from the truck from the opposite direction. The stretch is dotted with mango trees and is slightly curved.\"Long distance view gets blocked due to overgrown trees along the stretch,\" said Jagdish Yadav, Maal police in-charge.The tempo was carrying eight passengers out of which five died on way to the trauma centre. Most of the passengers on the vehicle were daily wage labourers commuting for work from their villages and towns nearby. The tempo driver died on the spot, while the truck driver fled the scene. \"We have impounded the truck (UP-78 T 8317) and are trying to trace the driver,\" said the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16999942", "title": "Four-month-old found from railway coach", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In the second similar case this year, a girl child has been found abandoned in a train coach by the Western Railway officials at Kankaria railway yard on Sunday. Police have started search for the girl's parents with the help of passenger list.According to Government Railway Police (GRP) officials, cleaning staff of Ahmedabad-Puri Express at the yard heard crying of a child and found the girl of around four months from the coach number S9 where she was kept on seat number 30. The train had arrived at the Kalupur railway station at 7.30 am and was then sent to the yard for maintenance and cleaning.P P Pirojiya, inspector of GRP, told TOI that the girl was sent to the Civil Hospital. \"We suspect that the girl might have been put aboard the train in the yard. The child was not reported or found abandoned when the train got emptied at the station,\" he said.Investigators said that the girl is wearing a green T-shirt and white shorts and is in a healthy condition. \"The girl's photograph has been circulated in various police stations in the state to ascertain whether she has been declared missing,\" said an official.In March this year, a newly born girl was found aboard Janmabhoomi Express, running between Udhampur and Ahmedabad, when the train was sent at the Kankaria railway yard. The police officials investigating the case had named the girl Bhoomi from the name of the train. She is growing up at Mahipatram Roopram Ashram for the past seven months. A woman from Mumbai had claimed her to be her abducted daughter but the DNA test revealed that she was not the girl's biological mother.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16998181", "title": "Expert appraisal committee for study on impact of hydel projects on Pare", "text": "GUWAHATI: The expert appraisal committee (EAC) of the ministry of environment and forest has recommended that the cumulative impact of the Pare, Turu and Dardu hydropower projects on the Pare river in Papumpare district of Arunachal Pradesh should be studied.The EAC members, in its 60th meeting for river valley and hydroelectric projects held in New Delhi last month, said the effect on aquatic ecology along the stretch of 50 km affected area should be studied. It said that the study of the effect on aquatic ecology should be carried out in any condition, that is, with and without dams. These recommendations came as additional terms of references.The three hydroelectric projects - Par (60MW), Turu (66MW) and Dardu (60MW) - are planned as run-of-the-river schemes on the 149-km Pare river, a tributary of the Brahmaputra. The Pare river meets the Brahmaputra at the confluence of Subansiri river. The three projects, along with Pare Dam on the downstream of Dardu project, will utilize 40.5 km of the river, while leaving 109 km as free river flow.EAC has also pointed out that sediments generated from the barrages of the three projects may lead to silting at the mouth of water channels such as Langban nallah and Nimte nadi, affecting the migration of fishes during breeding season. The EAC has suggested the construction of a well-designed fish pass in all the three projects for facilitating the migration of fishes.It also said that baseline studies on the biological environment in the submergence area of the projects should also be carried out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "16998133", "title": "Irom Sharmila Chanu refuses to accept awards until repeal of Afspa", "text": "IMPHAL: Taking into account Irom Sharmila Chanu's decision not to accept any award unless the controversial Armed Forces (Special Powers) Act (Afspa) is repealed from Manipur, the Just Peace Foundation, a trust set up for her cause, has returned a prestigious award conferred on her.On October 9 last on the premises of a local court here, Sharmila had said she would not accept any award from any individual or organization until and unless the military act is scrapped.\"Before October 9, the Kerala-based Kovilan Trust had already intimated us about conferring the Kolivan Smaraka Activist India National Award on my sister,\" said Irom Singhajit, Sharmila's elder brother and a trustee of the JPF.\"To honour the Kovilan Trust as well as Sharmila's decision, we accepted the award handed by the globally-renowned writer and activist Mahasweta Devi at a ceremony held on Saturday in Kolkata and promptly returned the same,\" Singhajit added.While returning the award, he requested the Kolivan trustees to keep the award and hand it over to Shamila after the Army act is repealed.Fondly called 'Memngou' by her family and locals, Sharmila (41) has been fasting since November 5, 2000, a couple of days after Assam Rifles soldiers mowed down 10 civilians, including a National Child Bravery Award winner, near a bus stand at Malom village in Imphal West.Sharmila, whose fast has earned her the epithet 'Iron lady of Manipur', is being forced fed through her nose at the state-run Jawaharlal Nehru Institute of Medical Science close to her Kongpal Kongkham Leikai residence in Imphal East.\"A series of programmes to observe the 12th year of her struggle against Afspa has been lined during the first week of November,\" said Kshetrimayum Onil, a JPF trustee.The Congress-led Secular Progressive Front (SPF) government, nevertheless, lifted Afspa from Imphal municipal areas covering seven assembly constituencies in 2004 in the aftermath of the massive public protest against the rape and brutal killing of Thangjam Manoram Devi by Assam Rifles soldiers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16998130", "title": "Kevin Pietersen to check into Mumbai before England team", "text": "MUMBAI: Talismanic and controversial England batsman Kevin Pietersen , who was seemingly taking all the right steps to complete the 'reintegration process' that the England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) has programmed for him, will check into the city, before the rest of the team.South African-born Pietersen had a rather ugly fall out with the team management after he sent what were alleged to be 'provocative' text messages to the South African team during the second of the three-match Test series against South Africa, in August. The messages contained unflattering remarks about Andrew Strauss and other teammates. He was subsequently axed from England's World T20 squad to Sri Lanka .Soon, the ECB even omitted him from the touring party to India before doing an about turn. Pietersen, who was in South Africa, playing for the Delhi Daredevils in the CLT20, will be flying to Mumbai from Johannesburg and arriving in the city at 11 am. The rest of the England team though would be arriving only at 2.30 pm from Dubai , where they had a three-day training camp, said a BCCI official.It is learnt that the 87-Test veteran was supposed to wait for the rest of his team members at the airport for three and a half hours, but later changed his mind. He will be escorted by a BCCI official to the team hotel.KP, as he is famously known, though would have loved to have a hit in the middle but England cancelled a scheduled practice at the Cricket Club of India (Brabourne Stadium) on Monday afternoon, ahead of their three-day match against the Suresh Raina-led India A outfit.Raina seeks Amre's help: India star Suresh Raina and former India batsman and Mumbai coach Pravin Amre go back a long way. Amre was selector of the Under-19 team when Raina burst onto the scene in the early noughties and he even played a big role to get him in the Air India team. Hence, it was no surprise to see the talented southpaw engage in a long and animated conversation about the art of batting as soon as the players completed nets on Sunday.Amre was called to the CCI by Raina himself and the former Mumbai coach had no hesitation in obliging him despite living far away from the stadium and despite it being a Sunday.\"I know Suresh from 2002 onwards and I had asked him to join the Under-19 Air India team then. We share a good relationship and whenever he is in Mumbai for a decent length of time, he always makes it a point to come to the Air India nets in Kalina or the MIG ground in Bandra to work with me.\"He was having a net before a first-class game after a lengthy period of T20 cricket and he wanted me to observe him. I don't want to discuss in public what I told him, but I feel his desire to learn is immense and he has it in him to be a good Test player.The CCI is a challenging track especially in the first session and I just told him what shots he can play and what shots to avoid if he is batting in the first session,\" Amre said.Ajinkya Rahane , another talented Mumbai batsman, who succeeded under the stewardship of Amre, also joined in the conversation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16999290", "title": "Vir Das steals the show on last day of Laughathon", "text": "COIMBATORE: On the concluding day of Laughathon's sixth edition, jointly organised by the Coimbatore Humour Society and The Times of India in association with Kirthilal Jewellers, stand-up comedian Vir Das evoked peals of laughter from the crowds with his funny take on several issues. He was able to convey the funny side of normally serious subjects like India's freedom struggle and the Big Bang Theory. \"History can be funny, you just have to read it right,\" he said.Performing for the first time in Coimbatore, Das started his performance with a promise to de-stress the Coimbatore audience. Not many in the limelight were spared his sarcasm, especially the politicians. He spent about 15 minutes on the very humorous situations that Mayawati and Mulayam Singh Yadav were caught in. Bollywood and cricket, the two most favourite subjects of Indians also featured in his show.Describing his group as India's one and only comedy, he authenticated the claim by saying the title was achieved by 'personally assassinating everyone else.'Woman comedian Aditi Mittal, also preformed on the occasion saying humour was the best medicine for minds weakened by greed and selfishness. She said that earlier, humour shows were just part of gala events. But today, there are many shows that focus exclusively on comedy, she said. The event concluded with a skit by eminent satirist and the city's leading physician, G Lakshmipathy. He was accompanied by humourist, Hiren Desai.The Humour Society established in 2005 has over 300 members and conducts monthly meetings for its members. The office-bearers claimed that their main objective was to take a break from the busy daily schedule and relax over a round of jokes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17000037", "title": "With no bus shelters on Old Mahabalipuram Road commuters face sun, rain", "text": "CHENNAI: Bus commuters along the Old Mahabalipuram Road (OMR), between Madhya Kailash and Siruseri, could be called as nature's children. They are left to face nature's elements throughout the year, be it sun or rain, without shelters.The 20.1-km Madhya Kailash-Siruseri stretch has 15 bus stops but only two shelters at near Tidel Park and National Institute of Fashion Technology (NIFT). Even the bus shelters at these two bus stops at Tidel Park and NIFT are damaged and leaky. The bus shelter in front of NIFT has been designed by the institute as as a 'model' bus shelter. But commuters on OMR have been waiting in vain to get at least a normal bus shelter.\"Every monsoon, commuters take shelter in front of shops near bus stops to avoid getting themselves drenched if they don't have an umbrella. We are taxpayers' and we deserve better facilities at bus stops,\" said G Satish of Chemmenchery.Considered to be the IT hub of the state, the stretch is home to nearly 300 software companies with a workforce of around 1.5 lakh people. The IT Corridor where a 396-crore road development project, executed by the Tamil Nadu Road Development Corporation (TNRDC), is currently underway. As per plan, the stretch is set to have a six-lane road, footpaths, storm water drains, and bus shelters. The six-lane project was inaugurated in October 2008 by former chief minister M Karunanidhi, but none of the work here is close to being completed.Except for the bitumen topped four-lane stretch, none of the other components have been completed. The bus shelters along the stretch were removed to lay storm water drains in 2004. But since then, commuters have been left without a shelter from the sun or rain. There is no space for pedestrians and cyclists. They have to walk in the centre of the road risking their lives.Many petitions have been sent to TNRDC officials over the years but the condition has not improved, residents said. According to MTC officials, over 460 buses operate along the stretch every day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "16998425", "title": "Horner conducts Red Bull's orchestra of success", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: A look at the Formula One paddock shows team principals running the show in their 40s, 50s and even in their 70s, like Peter Sauber. But one man stands apart. At merely 38 years of age, Red Bull Racing team boss Christian Horner has been leading F1's dominant unit for the last three years.For Horner, running the most successful F1 team is like creating music. At the moment, he's the conductor of an orchestra playing a beautiful symphony on the track, led by the likes of Sebastian Vettel and Mark Webber .\"You need great people in place to play good music. Red Bull prides itself on the fact that we work as a team. Teamwork is a very vital aspect in F1, that will be really crucial in the last four races of this season,\" Horner told TOI during an exclusive chat.Compared to 2010 and 2011, this season has been a lot of hard work for the team based in Milton Keynes in England.The change in regulations which banned the use of 'blown diffusers' at the start of the season have hit Red Bull hard.\"Regulation changes affected us more than others. We have had to work really hard to overcome that situation. There is still a long way to go in the season, with big races coming up. We have got ourselves in good positions in both championships but are taking nothing for granted. We are set for a real spectacle in the last four races,\" Horner, who became owner of an F3000 team aged just 25, said.All the talk has been centred around his number one driver and two-time world champion Vettel picking the Prancing Horses over the Bulls for the 2014 season. Horner, though, is not concerned. \"We are very happy with the lineup that we have and I think our drivers feel the same about the team. There is always a lot of speculation but Sebastian is very happy where he is at the moment,\" the Red Bull boss said.There is a general feeling that success in Formula One comes around in cycles. With the Red Bulls enjoying tremendous success for the fourth year in a row, Horner is not a concerned man.\"This is the fourth year we have won six races in a season. There is still a lot of desire and motivation to achieve great things and big results. The stability and continuation that exists in the team will help us in doing that,\" said Horner, who incidentally has his own dedicated fan club called The Hornettes.The one thing over which the Red Bulls stand apart in the F1 world is over the Resource Restriction Agreement that exists in the sport. In a meeting earlier this week in Paris , the matter cropped up again.\"Red Bull Racing supports the concept of resource restriction in Formula One. But we can't accept RRA in its current draft. I am sure there'll be more constructive discussions in time to come,\" he said.Know Christian Horner* Born in Leamington Spa, United Kingdom * Started off as a racing driver, winning Formula Renault championship in 1991 * Became owner of F3000 team Arden aged just 25 in 1999 * Red Bull Racing brought him to F1, making him one of the youngest team principals in 2005 * Jumped into a swimming pool wearing nothing apart from a Superman cape after the team's first podium in 2006 Monaco GP . * Has an unofficial fan club called 'The Christian Horner Fan Club', collectively known as 'The Hornettes'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17000027", "title": "Cops bungled SoBo lounge action, admits additional CP", "text": "MUMBAI: A senior Mumbai police officer has admitted that the MRA Marg police mismanaged the action against a SoBo lounge bar for operating beyond the permissible deadline. He also acknowledged that the establishment's patrons should not have been dragged to the cop station early on Saturday morning.Additional commissioner of police (south region) Krushna Prasad, under whose jurisdiction MRA Marg police station falls, said on Sunday that the raiding party should have first briefed the owners and patrons of LIV lounge bar before initiating action. Their failure to doing so led to anxiety among patrons that caused the ensuing drama.\"The patrons were not indulging in illegal activities. There was no need to haul them off to the police station,\" said Prasad. \"They were unaware about the stipulated deadline. It is the pub owners who should be solely held responsible.\"Cops stick to guns: Patrons misbehavedLathi-wielding personnel of MRA Marg police station swooped down on LIV lounge bar at Kala Ghoda around 2am on Saturday after finding that it had violated the 1.30am deadline. According to cops, some of the 100 patrons at the establishment misbehaved with the raiding party; following this, all patrons were ferried away in police vans to the MRA Marg police station.In the end, the owner of the lounge bar, Ritik Bhasin, and advocate Archit Jaykar were booked under Indian Penal Code's sections 332 (causing hurt to deter a public servant from his duty), 353 (assault to deter a public servant from discharge of his duty) and 506-II (criminal intimidation). The lounge owner was also fined Rs 12,500 under the Bombay Police Act for violating the closing-hour deadline.The patrons had, however, asserted that they were kept in the dark about the reason for the raid.Additional CP Krushna Prasad too said the patrons \"were innocent and had nothing to do with the matter\". He added the police did not handle the situation properly: \"Had the raiding personnel explained the cause of the action, the chaos could have been avoided.\"Prasad said he will receive a report from MRA Marg police on Monday. Based on the report, he will decide \"what steps to take\". Nevertheless, \"I will see to it that in the future raiding cops study the situation and brief everyone before contemplating action.\"For their part, MRA Marg police insisted they were in the right. Senior inspector Padmakar Juikar said orders were received to take action against those found breaching rules. \"LIV violated law by running beyond the deadline. We were not harsh on the patrons. But they misbehaved with the senior officers and other personnel,\" said Juikar.\"Around 100 patrons were brought to the police station. We were releasing each patron after noting down his or her details. It was at that point that Jaykar and Bhasin charged into the police station and provoked the patrons,\" Juikar concluded. The patrons then reportedly pushed at the gates that were barricaded by cops and stormed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16998421", "title": "Young achiever Maken gets another promotion", "text": "NEW DELHI: At 48, Ajay Maken is the youngest minister with Cabinet rank in the UPA government.The new minister for housing and urban poverty alleviation, who represents New Delhi Lok Sabha constituency, has being promoted for his performance in the sports and youth affairs ministry while many also see it as a balancing act in local Delhi politics.Maken, who was moved to sports and youth affairs replacing M S Gill in a Cabinet reshuffle after the Commonwealth Games fiasco, ensured India's highest-ever medal haul in the Olympic Games and prepared the sports bill aiming to bring in transparency and reforms in sports federations.Along with framing a new national youth policy, Maken introduced a national physical fitness programme in schools which proposes to award marks for performance in sports.Maken has been a young achiever all his life. At the age of 21, he was elected president of Delhi University Students Union (DUSU) in 1985.He became an MLA at the age of 29 and parliamentary secretary to chief minister Sheila Dikshit when he was 34. He also held several ministerial portfolios, including power and transport, in the state government. Though the shift to CNG for public transport was implemented on Supreme Court orders, Maken got credit for the environment-friendly initiative.In 2004, he fought and won his first Lok Sabha election from New Delhi constituency.Once considered a close confidant of Delhi CM Sheila Dikshit, Maken was shifted to national politics after his relationship with her got strained. Young, dynamic and efficient, and also shrewd, Maken had emerged as the biggest challenge to Dikshit in Delhi politics.After UPA came to power in 2004, Maken was made minister of state for urban development. He was the youngest minister in the Congress-led government and played a critical role in finalizing the Master Plan for Delhi along with his senior minister Jaipal Reddy.In 2007, he was made a member of the party's highest policy making body \u2014 Congress Working Committee -- and was made in-charge of Jharkhand and Orissa.After UPA returned to power in 2009, Maken was appointed minister of state for home affairs.On his latest elevation, Maken said, \"It's an opportunity for us. I am not so young but still comparatively young. We should show our countrymen that comparatively younger people can perform when given an opportunity.\"He tweeted, \"Besides my leaders, I owe my elevation to sportspersons, their coaches and sports journalists! Thanks! It was a great experience!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16998777", "title": "Gurgaon's safety issue means more money in realtors' coffers", "text": "GURGAON: While the cops are under fire for the rising crime graph in Gurgaon, the real estate industry is reaping the benefits accruing from the negative aspects of the city. In the name of safe and secure residential accommodation on rent to the house hunters, these property dealers force them to rent houses within society where the rents are high, so is their commission.A property dealer in Sector 55, on condition of anonymity, says \"It is a tactic to fetch good commission from the house hunters. If a customer takes a house on rent in regular colonies, the commission is half the month's house rent, in societies the commission is equivalent to one month's rent\".Another property dealer, Ramesh Kumar , in MG Road area said though the final decision is to be taken by the family or person who is looking for the rented home, the dealer advises them about safety and security features to save them from any legal issues in the future. \"We do not force them to take the house in high-rent societies,\" he added.On the issue of different rates of commission charged by the dealers, he said there was no fixed commission chart as such, any dealer is free to charge any commission. \"The best way is to check with a few other brokers and do your own research and enquire about rent and commission before finalizing the property,\" he said.Kumar agreed that there were a few black sheep in the industry who do not care for your interests and try to make a fast buck by quoting a higher price.Also the customers, mostly working in MNCs, have to undergo police verification while getting rented accommodation. It is another hurdle which house seekers have to cross by paying bribe to police or coughing up extra bucks to the dealer.Rohit Singh, a private firm employee, said, \"It is shocking that the property dealers force us to pay bribe to police or demand extra cash to get the police stamp work done on the tenant verification application.\"He also said the tenant verification exercise was in the interest of police so that they can check the entry of anti-social people in residential colonies or zero in on the suspected persons in case of any untoward incidents. \"But the cops need their palms to be greased for getting it done,\" Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16997447", "title": "Reshuffle gives AP Cong 11 reasons to be happy", "text": "HYDERABAD: Newly appointed Union minister Chiranjeevi on Sunday expressed hope that Congress would come back to power in the 2014 elections and announced that he would strive hard to ensure victory for the party.He said that the latest reshuffle designed by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Congress president Sonia Gandhi would help United Progressive Alliance win the 2014 general elections hands down. Expressing full faith in the Manmohan Singh government, the former actor said that the inclusion and promotion of young leaders like Manish Tewari, Jyotiraditya Scindia and Sachin Pilot in the cabinet would definitely give the government a much-needed edge.Earlier, all 22 ministers duly took their oath of office. But it appeared to be a battle of nerves for Porika Balram Naik who in his rush to greet President Pranab Mukherjee and other dignitaries after he had been sworn in, almost forgot to sign his name following oath-taking. Naik and Sarve Satyanarayana touched the President's feet after being sworn in as ministers of state. Notwithstanding the disappointment and heartburn among some Andhra Pradesh MPs who have missed the bus in the current reshuffle, AP Congress is jubilant that leaders from the state have landed as many as 11 berths in the Union cabinet following Sunday's rejig. Congress leaders in AP have termed the development historic as the state has never before had so many central ministers.\"We are happy that AP got its due share in the Union cabinet with 11 berths including that of Jairam Ramesh who has been elected from the state. I would like extend my sincerest thanks to party president Sonia Gandhi and prime minister Manmohan Singh,\" said Botsa Satyanarayana, PCC president and transport minister. A Kapu strongman, Botsa sought to dismiss speculation that Pallam Raju had been elevated to cabinet rank to restrict fellow Kapu Chiranjeevi to a state-rank berth. \"Pallam Raju is a senior politician whose father and grandfather were ministers. While a senior leader thus received his due, a first-time MP (Chiranjeevi) was also given a fair deal,\" he said.Pallam Raju is understood to have been rewarded for his staunch loyalty to the party and handpicked by Rahul Gandhi. Ponnala Lakshmaiah, another Kapu leader and AP minister for IT, was happy for him. While pointing at the fine social balance struck in the combination of the Union ministers from the state, Ponnala said, \"Imparting social justice is the combination of ministers from the state. BCs, tribal, and dalits have all got their due.\"Among the 11 ministers from AP, three are from the BC community \u2014 Chiranjeevi, Killi Kruparani and Pallam Raju; one from the Madiga community, Sarve Satyanarayana; one from the Malas, Panabaka Lakshmi; two from the tribal communities, Kishore Chandra Deo and Balram Naik; two from Reddy community, S Jaipal Reddy, Kotla Jaya Surya Prakash Reddy; one from the Kammas, Daggubati Purandeswari and one from the Brahmins, Jairam Ramesh.Although he was a bit disappointed over Telangana region having got a raw deal, Danam Nagender, AP labour minister, said he was happy that the state now had the highest number of ministers in the Union cabinet. \"When PV Narasimha Rao had been Prime Minister, AP had eight ministers, and now it is 11. We must be thankful to the Congress high command for this,\" Nagender said.While many MPs are sulking over the Union cabinet snub, Kavuri Sambasiva Rao has already submitted his resignation. Rayapati Sambasiva Rao, Renuka Chowdary, Manda Jagannath, Anjan Kumar Yadav and Madhu Yashki Goud are among the lot who were feeling 'hurt' over having been denied a Union cabinet berth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16989674", "title": "Nandita Das makes stage directorial debut", "text": "Actress Nandita Das is all set to make her debut as a stage director with play 'Between the Lines' that explores the intricacies of gender inequality.\"What is intriguing is that the educated and affluent class assumes that 'we are all sorted'. In our class it's more subtle and deceptive ... Finely woven into the fabric of our relationships,\" told Nandita in Kolkata.So, she says, it has been interesting to explore the idea of relationship between couples that are supposed to be equals.Her work with the less privileged has made her even more sensitive to the issue, says Nandita, who has also co-authored the play, besides acting in one of the two central roles.Playing double roles, she has also acted the role of another women in the play drawing from her experience in street theatre with Safdar Hashmi.Between the Lines is a contemporary play set in urban India where well-educated, affluent couples enacted by Nandita and Subodh find themselves caught between modernity and tradition.Maya and Shekhar are a lawyer couple married for 10 years. Shekhar is a high profile criminal lawyer, while Maya balances work and life drafting routine contracts for a law firm.They end up argiung on opposite sides of a criminal trial resulting in the blurring of their personal and professional lives.English has been chosen as the language of the play. Asked about it, Nandita said she was only being true to the characters and the milieu. \"Nothing is forced in the play ... English has become the language of the class that this play is set in.\"There are firsts to the play - the only other actor is debutant Subodh Maskara, her husband. It is also the first production of their new company Chhoti Production Company Pvt Ltd that intends to explore various creative media to tell compelling stories in the country and beyond.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17007543", "title": "Celebrity galore on Star Plus' 'Star Diwali'", "text": "Star Plus is sure to add excitement to Diwali celebrations this year with an extensive line-up of television's favourite artists gathering at one place for a special treat for their viewers.India's much-loved entertainment channel will celebrate an extended Diwali from Novermber 5th to November 9th at 7:30 PM that will see scintillating performances from Star Parivar's popular members.The celebrations will feature exciting song and dance performances, colourful sets, costumes, engaging narrative and hilarious battles of wits between Star Parivar's members.Star Plus has always ensured to brighten up the festival by revisiting stories of the past year and setting an appropriate tone for the year ahead. These celebrations are always a perfect blend of loving gestures, blissful moments, heartfelt blessings, rolled together in engaging acts and performances.The entire Parivaar will celebrate the grandeur of Diwali for one special week, 'Star Diwali - Har Chehre Par Muskaan' , where the legend of Diwali will be revisited to revive the true spirit of the festival.The actors will present engaging mythological stories associated with Diwali with the message of 'Good always triumphs over Evil'. The week will be split into various episodes - Katha Lakshmi Ki, Katha Ganesha Ki, Katha Krishna Ki, Katha Ram Ki, and the final culmination of these episodes will take place with a gala episode of 'Shubh Deepavali'.Television's most celebrated characters Suraj( Anas Rashid), Sandhya (Deepika Singh) and Jigar ( Vishal Singh) will be cast as Ram, Sita and Laxman. Actor Shaleen Bhanot will play Ravan while Khushi ( Sanaya Irani) will play Lakshmi.The first episode will be based on the legendary story of 'Samudra Manthan' in which Lord Vishnu transformed into a tortoise to carry a mighty mountain on his back to churn the ocean.The second episode will tell the tale of a race between Ganesha and his brother Kartik to circle the universe. The love between Radha and Krishna will be enacted by one of Star Plus' favourite couples, Jeevika ( Krystle Dsouza) and Viren ( Karan Tacker) in the third episode, while the fourth episode will be based on Lord Rama's return from exile after slaying demon Ravan in a bitter battle.The final episode 'Shubh Deepavali' will mark a fitting conclusion to a week of unlimited entertainment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "16998363", "title": "It's hello Perez and goodbye Hamilton for McLaren", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Lewis Hamilton's relation with McLaren goes a long way back, to when a 10-year-old Lewis approached Ron Denis and told him he would drive for the F1 team one day. Hamilton has done so since 2007, and was even crowned world champion in his second year in Formula One.This long relationship, though, is set to come to an end this year with Hamilton all set for a move to Mercedes. But it's no time for tears just yet though it's inevitable, says McLaren team principal Martin Whitmarsh , who is looking forward to working with replacement Sergio Perez.\"At the moment we are working hard with Lewis. There will be a moment when we have a degree of emotion, which I presume will come after Brazil. I have known him since he was 11 but then you have to move on,\" Whitmarsh told TOI about Hamilton, who finished a strong fourth here at the Buddh International Circuit.Replacing Hamilton in the team is F1's rising star Sergio Perez of Sauber, who disappointingly failed to finish the race on Sunday. Whitmarsh is now looking forward to some Latin flavour in McLaren's British garage. \"We have an exciting young talent in Perez. It'll be good to have a bit of Latin passion and excitement in the team,\" the McLaren boss said.\"Since 1966 we have won more than 25% of GPs. We'll work hard throughout the winter to go to Australia to be competing to win in the first race,\" he added. Perez is currently 10th in the driver's standings this season and has already notched up three podium finishes for Sauber in Malaysia, Canada and Italy.\"There will be enormous pressure for someone who is very young like Perez. But Sergio is a charming, intelligent and humble man. He has had some stunning drives and giant-killing podiums,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16998444", "title": "Criminal wanted in several cases held", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Nedumangad police on Sunday arrested a notorious criminal who was wanted in several cases. The police identified the accused as Shaji alias Pothu Shaji (29) of Malayadi near Tholikkode near Vithura.The police said that Shaji was arrested in connection with a chain snatching-case that occurred two months ago at Pathinonnamkallu near here. Though the police had identified him as the accused, he had managed to evade arrest all the while.However, he landed in the custody of the police, who acted on the basis of a tip off on Sunday morning. He was held by a team led by Nedumangad circle inspector Suresh Kumar, sub inspector Rakesh and Aruvikkara SI Honey at Kacheri Junction by around 8.30am. He was produced before the magistrate and remanded in judicial custody.The police also said that notorious criminal, who has several cases, including robbery, chain snatching, assault and attempt to murder pending at various police stations in Thiruvananthapuram and Kollam. In Nedumangad sub division alone, there are about 12 cases against him, with six at Nedumangad police station and six at Vithura station.He is also accused for the death of his former wife, who had committed suicide a year ago. The case in this regard is going on before the court. Presently, he is living in with a 21-year-old woman, hailing from Malappuram.The police said that Shaji was arrested in connection with a chain snatching-case that occurred two months ago at Pathinonnamkallu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16999979", "title": "Illegal woman migrant deported from US", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 45-year-old woman was deported from the US on Saturday. She was handed over to the Sardarnagar police by the immigration department at the Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel International Airport for further investigation.According to Sardarnagar police officials, the immigration department handed over Rekha Patel, a native of Mehsana, to police after she was deported from the United States due to lack of proper papers.\"Patel had been to the US with her husband in 2004. With the help of a local immigration agent, they had procured the passports and visa papers of their lookalikes for Canada and went there in 2002. After spending two years there, they used the local agent channel and entered the US. They then assimilated with the local population and started working at a motel,\" said a Sardarnagar police official.Patel was identified as an illegal immigrant by the US homeland security department and was sent back to India. Investigators said that Patel's husband is still in the US. \"Investigation is on to get the details of the local agents who procured the passports and visa for the couple,\" said the police official.Investigators said that on an average two to three deportation cases are reported every month at the city airport. Most of the immigrants travel on fake documents and procure another set of fake documents after reaching destination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16999737", "title": "Woman leaves toddler3-month-old with CST commuter", "text": "MUMBAI: A woman abandoned a three-month-old boy at CST on Saturday, leaving him with a passenger on the pretext of making a phone call.The passenger, Manoj Vishwakarma, later handed the baby over to the Government Railway Police (GRP).According to the police, Vishwakarma (40) was waiting on platforms 12-13 when a 30-year-old woman dressed in a green salwar-kurta approached him. \"The woman requested Vishwakarma to look after the baby till she made a phone call. She assured him that she would be back in 10 minutes,\" said a police official.\"When she did not return for half an hour, he got worried and started looking for her. He then brought the baby to the CST GRP post,\" he added.The police are examining the station's CCTV footage to get clues about the woman's identity. \"The child has been sent to the children's home at Dongri,\" said a senior GRP officer. A case has been registered under Section 317 of the IPC (exposure and abandonment of child under twelve years, by parent or person having care of it). The CST GRP has alerted railway police stations and officials are checking if a missing complaint has been lodged.On October 3, ten-month-old Sagar Mahat was abducted from CST by a woman, while he was sleeping with his grandmother. He is yet to be traced. On June 10, three-year-old Sangeeta Pawar had been abducted while she was asleep with her parents at the main concourse of CST. The kidnapper, Raju Gaud, was later nabbed in Haridwar by the local police and Sangeeta was rescued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16998302", "title": "President arrives today, strict traffic regulations in Thiruvananthapuram for 2 days", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Vehicular traffic will be restricted on city roads on Monday and Tuesday in view of the President's visit.Vehicles between from MC Road to Thampanoor and East Fort will be redirected via Mannanthala for two hours between 6.30pm and 8.30pm on Monday.Those coming from the NH will have to go via Ulloor - Kesavadasapuram - Pattom - Kowdiar route. The vehicles coming to the city from Nedumangad will be redirected via Vazhayila-Vettikonam- Mukkola. Vehicles going to Vattiyoorkavu direction have to go via Thampanoor Fly Over.On Tuesday, traffic be restricted in three sessions: from 9.30am to 12.30pm, from 3pm to 4.30pm and from 4.30pm to 7.30pm.In the first session, vehicles from Sreekaryam to Thampanoor and East Fort and vice versa must go via Ulloor-Kesavadasapuram, Pattom-Kowdiar-Ambalamukku route. Those going to and from Thampanoor and MC Road will be redirected via Mannanthala- Mukkola-Peroorkada-Pipinmoodu route. Those going from East Fort to Vattiyoorkavu will have to go via Thampanoor Fly Over-Thycaud-Vazhuthacaud route.In the second session the same regulations will be effective in the Sreekaryam - Thampanoor/East Fort, Nedumangad - Thampanoor/East Fort and East Fort - Vattiyoorkavu routes.In the final session vehicles to and fro in the Sreekaryam - Thampanoor/East Fort direction will be diverted via Ulloor, Kesavadasapuram route.Those going from Thampanoor and East Fort to Sreekaryam and National Highway will be diverted via Thampanoor- Bakery junction-Vazhuthacaud route.No special dish for MukherjeeTHIRUVANANTHAPURAM: On his first visit to the state as the President of India, Pranab Mukherjee is most likely to give Kerala dishes a miss. The president will stay at the Raj Bhavan for a night and the officials have been asked to prepare a vegetarian menu. Although Raj Bhavan has three cooks, the President would be served by a special team of chefs who would arrive in the capital on Monday morning.\"Due to security reasons, the President's food will be prepared by his special team of cooks. The food will be strictly vegetarian and it is very unlikely that he will be served any traditional dish. He hasn't expressed any special interest in our dishes,\" said a Raj Bhavan official.The entourage of the president that comprises 37 people will, however, get to taste some of the state's traditional food. They will be served a mix of North Indian and Kerala dishes.The President might still get a taste of some of the indigenous delicacies courtesy governor H R Bharadwaj who has arranged a banquet at the Mascot Hotel on Monday night. A set of four menus with an elaborate spread of food, mostly of North Indian variety, have been prepared by the staff of the hotel. Of these, the governor's office will select one.The menu will be finalized only on Monday morning. \"We have added appam and vegetable stew to the menu. For dessert, the President will be served palada payasam and tender coconut souffle made using coconut extract, sugar and milk. But we are not sure which menu will be selected. However we would really like our President to taste some of the special dishes of Kerala,\" an official with the hotel said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16998782", "title": "Flamingo flock makes pit stop in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: These are special guests in times of destruction and degradation. The arrival of a flock of flamingos in Chennai has excited birdwatchers, photographers and environmentalists. Around seven Greater Flamingos, including six adolescent birds, were spotted at the Pallikaranai marsh on Sunday morning. Ornithologists said the birds are probably on their way from Rann of Kutch in Gujurat to Kodiakkarai (Point Calimere) in Nagapattinam. Rann of Kutch, close to the Pakistan border, is one of the largest flamingo breeding grounds.\"During winter, they travel south to feed. Chennai, however, is not a feeding ground so they are probably making a stopover here,\" said K V Sudhakar, president of Madras Naturalist Society. Flamingos are more common at Pulicat Lake, around 60km north of Chennai.\"It is very unlikely that they will stay here for more than a few days,\" said Sudhakar. The next time one will have a chance to spot them in the city is in March, when they start their return journey back to their breeding grounds.But birdwatchers in the city say spotting these elegant birds has become rare over the past decade. \"We spotted around 40 the year before last. There have been very few sightings and it is a privilege to see them,\" Sudhakar said.Flamingos were sighted in the Adyar estuary till two decades ago. \"But now they do not come to the mouth of the river any more because of encroachments in the area,\" said T Murugavel, a city-based environmentalist. \"One or two birds still stop there sometimes during migration and also in the backwaters in Sholinganallur.\"There are five species of flamingos in the world. Two of them are found in India, the Greater and Lesser Flamingo. These birds can grow up to 145cm in height and have a wingspan of up to 165cm. They are known for a distinctive pink hue and their peculiar way of feeding. \"The pink hue comes from aqueous bacteria and beta carotene in their diet,\" said Sudhakar.They have long necks and they are their beaks sieve the algae, plankton, shrimp and small fish they eat,\" said Sudhakar.There are about two lakh flamingos left in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16999335", "title": "Plans to sell cardamom directly to stores: Infam", "text": "KOCHI: Indian Farmers' Movement (Infam), an organisation of farmers in the state, is planning to bypass the current multi-layered distribution system of cardamom and sell it directly to major retailers in the country.\"We had a preliminary discussion with a representative of Lulu Mall, which is coming up in Kochi,\" said M C George, national trustee of Infam. \"We expect a positive outcome from the meeting, and we have plans to talk to major retailers like More and Reliance Retail soon,\" he noted.Infam is also planning to approach Anoop Jacob, state minister for civil supplies, to find ways to sell cardamom through government-owned stores in the state. The Spices Board chairman had a discussion on Thursday with the representatives of the organisation on alternative methods to bypass the current auction system prevailing in the country. \"Traders and auctioneers are manipulating the system, which is against the interests of farmers,\" George said.Further, Infam is planning to conduct auction at Muvattupuzha through its arm Infam Ela Karshaka Samithi. The group has approached the Spices Board for an auction licence. Currently, only five associations or private companies have the licence to conduct auctions.\"Ninety per cent of the cardamom business in Kerala is now controlled by traders from Tamil Nadu ,\" George observed. Infam has also demanded the free trade of cardamom.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17000718", "title": "Kind-hearted constable takes care of squirrils", "text": "Don't' be surprised on seeing water bottles tied to trees at the Mysore Palace, for they are planted by a police constable to feed the squirrels everyday.Aslam Pasha has been feeding squirrels in the Palace premises for the past five years. In fact, his \"duty\" starts with this every morning. This 35-year-old now works at information centre ( Mahiti Kendra) near Jayamarthanda gate of the Palace.Speaking about his service, Pasha said: \"It has become a part of my routine. Also, I don't lose anything by feeding them.\" It started when he was working as a guard at Palace's Karikal Thotti gate (opposite to MCC).The lack of fruit-bearing trees in the surroundings prompted Pasha to feed the squirrels by keeping food under the trees. \"But the food was eaten away by either dogs or cats. Also, the animals would try to catch the squirrels.\"To avoid all these, I tied pet bottles to trees at a height,\" he said, adding that he keeps food in one half of the cut bottle, while the other is used to keep water.Pasha feeds only vegetarian fare - upma, idli, dose, lemon rice and chapati - brought in his lunch box. About 12-15 squirrels are being benefitted from his service.\"I serve two chapattis or equivalents of other food items. I know it won't suffice, but that's all what I can offer,\" he added. He also makes sure that none catches the squirrels when they come to eat.The father of two considers squirrels as part of his family, and so does his wife Mahboob Unissa, a teacher. \"She prepares extra food for our extended family without any qualms,\" he said.Pasha completed his studies - II PU and ITI -- in KR Nagar. When he is on leave, his friend and colleague Shivakumar does the needful.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16998887", "title": "Bihar man arrested for murder of two women", "text": "CHENNAI: Guduvancherry police have detained a 30-year-old man from Bihar for the rape and murder of two women in suburban Thailavaram village in Kancheepuram district last month.On September 22, police recovered the body of woman that was decomposing. Police, who later identified her as Mari of Madambakkam, said there was evidence of a struggle and strangulation marks on her neck.People from Thailavaram informed police that they had found the body of another woman on October 14. Police identified her as V Sakuntala, 55, a flower vendor and the wife of Vedapuri, a security guard with a private company. A post mortem report confirmed that she had been physically assaulted before being strangled.A special police team interrogated construction workers in the area. When they saw that Sikandar, a construction worker from Patna, was behaving shiftily, they interrogated him.\"He was moving suspiciously around Thailavaram village,\" an investigating officer said. \"Sikandar told us that he worked for a firm in Koyambedu before going to Guduvancherry to take up a construction job.\"The officer said Sikander was a drug addict and drunkard and had failed to find a job recently. \"He spent his time loitering around Thailavaram village,\" he said. \"He would misbehave with women he came across when he was drunk at night.\"Police suspect that he could also have been involved in robbing gold chains because he has no source of income. Investigators believe that he killed the women when they resisted his attempts to rape them.\"Both women had strangulation marks on the neck,\" the officer said. \"Sikander tried to assault a 30-year-old woman from Thailavaram a couple of weeks ago. She was returning home after purchasing kerosene when he grabbed hold of her. But the woman managed to escape from him.\"The woman identified Sikandar as the man who attempted to assault her, investigators said. They suspect that he could have attempted to attack other women too.\"Since the woman refused to lodge a complaint, we grilled Sikandar,\" the officer said. \"We have taken his fingerprints and will check if they match those of known offenders.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "faizabad", "code": "16999020", "title": "Eid-ul-Zuha passes off peacefully in curfew-bound Faizabad", "text": "FAIZABAD: Curfew continued in Kotwali and Cantonment police circles of Faizabad for the fourth day on Sunday. On Saturday, despite special prohibitory orders, Muslims in the curfew-bound localities of the district were allowed to offer Eid-ul-Zuha prayers at local mosques nearest to their house. The day passed of peacefully.District authorities are holding marathon meetings with the members of both the communities to ensure no further violence in the district. District magistrate Deepak Agrawal and SSP Ramit Sharma constituted peace committees at the locality levels headed by senior residents of the two communities and entrusted them with the task of ensuring peace in their areas.\"Twenty FIRs have been lodged in connection with the violence till Sunday evening and as many as 70 people have been arrested. We have gone through the video footage of the violence and managed to identify quite a few individuals, who were active in instigating violence in the region,\" Sharma said, adding, \"The curfew will continue till we are convinced that the situation has returned back to normal.\"Two people were killed in communal clashes on Wednesday following a dispute over members of two communities over the route of barat and point of emersion of idols of goddess Durga. The initial arson and brick-batting claimed two lives and property worth lakhs was gutted in sporadic violence that continued till Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "16998640", "title": "Officer suspended on bribery charges", "text": "BAHRAICH: District minority welfare officer Amarnath Pandey has been suspended allegedly for demanding bribe to release emoluments of madrasa teachers. Commissioner Gorakhpur had investigated the case against the officer and sent the report to the secretary of minority welfare directorate but no action was taken for a long time till labour and employment minister Vaqar Ahmad Shah made the government aware of the issue.The president of the teachers union of Islamic madarsa modernization met district magistrate Kinjal Singh a few days ago and alleged the district minority welfare officer was demanding bribe to release the emoluments of the madrasa teachers.The minority welfare directorate disbursed the salary of the teachers of all the 108 madrasas of the district on August 16 and instructed payments within 15 days but the district minority welfare officer did not follow the order and instead demanded bribe from madrasa teachers to release the money. When the teachers complained to the DM, the minority officer allegedly issued an order to all teachers to present the demand note of their salary along with the paper ad published in the newspaper for the job and other important documents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16998778", "title": "Seven booked for bank loan fraud", "text": "GURGAON: An FIR has been lodged by Civil Lines police against four persons, including a woman, who had allegedly taken a loan of Rs 15 lakh from Oriental Bank of Commerce after producing forged documents.Rajendra Mohan Sharma, branch manager of the bank in Sector 14, had lodged a complaint against Azad Kashyap alias Lalit Kashyap, a resident of Jahajgarh village. In his complaint, Sharma told police that at the time of taking the loan, Kashyap had produced his property papers. He was not depositing the EMIs in time.In another case, an FIR has been lodged against Vivek Goyal, Luxminarain Goyal and Saroj Goyal. A manager of Punjab National Bank lodged a complaint alleging three persons took a loan of Rs 4,89,000 after producing fake documents. \"We have registered both the FIRs on the recommendation of economic offence wing,\" said Naresh Kumar, SHO, Civil Lines police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16998915", "title": "P-JDS JD(S) promises schemes ahead of polls", "text": "BANGALORE: The JD(S) on Sunday made a slew of promises to the disabled and promised to implement them if the party is voted to power in the assembly elections due next year.As part of strengthening its base, JD(S) held a convention of physically disabled persons, 'Maanavatheya Mahaa Mela', and promised to set up a university for them. Former chief minister and JD(S) state president HD Kumaraswamy said the promises will be implemented within 90 days of coming to power.He said over 35 schemes will be launched for the physically challenged if JD(S) forms the government. He added that their monthly allowance will be enhanced from Rs 1,000 to Rs 2,500, health care services will be provided free of cost, four new hospitals one each at four revenue divisions in the state, and reserving houses in various state-sponsored housing schemes.Attacking BJP-ruled government, he said schemes for differently abled people are completely ignored by the state government.HN Girish, who won silver at the London Paralympics, was gifted a cheque of Rs 5 lakh by JD(S) supremo HD Deve Gowda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "kendrapara", "code": "16998416", "title": "Case filed against Rout for anti-dalit remark", "text": "KENDRAPARA: Police filed a case against health and family welfare minister Damodar Rout on Saturday for allegedly making anti-dalit remarks at a Ravana Podi function in Paradip on Wednesday, where Rout said no comparison could be drawn between King Ram and Ram Kandara. Kandara is a scheduled caste in the state.Manoj Patra, a Dalit leader and vice-president of Ambedkar Fule Vichar Manch, filed an FIR with Paradip police station on Friday, alleging that Rout made anti-dalit remarks. \"The minister's anti-dalit statement was an insult to the Constitution and Dr B R Ambedkar. Dr Rout has revealed his mindset towards Dalits,\" said Patra. The case against the senior BJD leader was filed under Section 3 of the Scheduled Castes and the Scheduled Tribes (Prevention of Atrocities) Act, 1989. The minister is yet to be arrested. \"To stop such transgressions, a new law with stiff penalty for offenders is required. Though the police filed a case against the minister... they have failed to arrest him,\" said Patra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16998547", "title": "Train manager found dead", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 60-year-old manager was found dead inside his cabin on the luxury train, Royal Rajasthan on Wheels, at Safdarjung station on Sunday.The deceased has been identified as Omprakash Aggarwal, who was to retire in three days.\"The train arrived at Safdarjung station after a week long visit to the country. Aggarwal was found unconscious by one of the employees. He was rushed to hospital where he was declared brought dead,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17004621", "title": "New railway minister Pawan Bansal hints at possible fare hike", "text": "NEW DELHI: New railway minister Pawan Kumar Bansal on Monday gave ample hint of a possible passenger fare hike to improve services in the railways.\"Fare will not be increased for the sake of increasing fare. If fare will be increased, then it will be for providing better services to the passengers,\" Bansal said when asked whether passenger fares will be hiked in the near future.\"The improvement in services will have to be commensurate with the increase in fare,\" he said after assuming charge at Rail Bhawan here.At present, the railways are facing financial crunch and funds earmarked for many of the ongoing projects are being curtailed.Justifying the need for a such step, the railway minister said, \"We have to ensure that the vast infrastructure of the railways does not collapse and stop functioning... So we have to increase fares and assure the public that if there will be any hike, the public will also appreciate it because we are going to improve the services.\"However, he did not go into the nitty-gritty of a possible passenger fare hike. \"I have just assumed charge...I will discuss the issue threadbare.\"The new minister of state for railways Adheer Kumar Choudhury, who also assumed charge, favoured a hike in passenger fares.\"Prices have increased in every area...so why not in the railways. Common people will not oppose it (fare hike) if services will be proper,\" said the West Bengal Congress leader and a known critic of TMC chief Mamata Banerjee .Choudhury said, \"Rail services have fallen in the last few years. There are increasing number of complaints with regard to the services. Safety and security is a big concern for the railways and I think these areas need attention.\"On the issue of dedicated freight corridor (DFC), Bansal said, \"We have to expeditiously work on DFC as it will benefit the people. All the regions of the country will get their due from the railways.\"He also promised to improve the ticket reservation system to ensure genuine passengers get confirmed tickets.\"We will try to improve the ticket reservation process with the help of technology so that there is less problem in getting tickets,\" he said.Emphasising on the need safety and security, Bansal said, \"We are aware of the fact that the primary concern is the safety of passengers. We have to do our best to ensure security of the passengers. Cleanliness is also important besides punctuality. We have to give a clean environment in the trains.\"Bansal said, \"It is our endeavour to strengthen the physical and financial position of the railways. We have to move with the times.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16999284", "title": "Human pressure plagues Sunderbans: Study", "text": "KOLKATA: A study on the status of tigers in the South-24 Parganas forest division in the Sunderbans has sounded an alert on human pressure on the forests, which could act as a deterrent against tiger conservation in the mangroves.While the study has pegged a presence of 21 tigers in the study area - Ramganga and Raidighi ranges - the human density in the 22 villages around has been found at an alarming 557 persons per square kilometre, which according to conservationists is exerting severe pressure on the forests. TOI had earlier reported about the presence of tigers in both the ranges.The study, done jointly by the WWF-India and Sunderbans Biosphere Reserve, also shows that though the forest department issues over 3000 fishing licences in the area, people often resort to illegal felling of pasur, dhudul and goran woods, apart from honey collection.This assumes significance after a section of activists raised an alarm on rising man-animal conflict in the Sunderbans after a tiger, which was captured from the mangroves and is now undergoing treatment at the Alipore Zoo, was diagnosed with osteoarthritis triggered by a prolonged wound on one of its left hind legs.WWF-India's Sunderbans chapter head Anurag Danda said the fringe villages in the study area, covering over 980 square kilometers in the Ramganga, Raidighi and Matla ranges, are plagued with scope for limited livelihood, over 60% unemployment rate and a low level of irrigation and cropping. \"All of these combine to exert pressure on the ecosystem due to high dependence on natural resources. In South-24 Parganas, over 3700 boat licences are issued for fishing. Often, the licensees overstay or extract other resources in addition to fish. Illegal extraction is in the form of honey and fuel wood extraction which has a significant bearing on the habitat,\" said Danda citing the study.It showed that during the fishing trips, the villagers resorted to honey collection on 25% occasions and felling of pasur wood on 35% occasions. They also extract fuel, dhudul and goran woods on 20%, 15% and 5% cases respectively.The study said anthropogenic pressure is difficult to tackle unless investments are made on infrastructure development, along with capacity and skill development at the villages. The 22 villages around the study area has a population of 1,03,768 with a density varying between 186 to 814 persons per square kilometre, with an average of 557 persons per square kilometre, going by the 2001 census.State wildlife advisory board member Biswajit Roy Chowdhury said while pasur and dhudul woods are used for fuel, goran poles come handy in building the basic structure of the huts and barriers around those. \"Awareness campaigns on family planning in the villages are the need of the hour.\"Sunderbans Biosphere Reserve director Pradeep Vyas said the department has undertaken efforts to generate alternate livelihood in the villages through initiatives like self-help groups. \"Besides, we are working on trust-building workshops, so that the villagers only venture into areas where fishing permits are granted,\" he added.The study also found that the mangrove tigers were more active during the morning and late evening hours, which are incidentally the peak activity hours of the spotted deer and wild pigs, the primary prey of the tigers.An official said that the water salinity is not uniform in the study areas. For instance, Ajmalmari forest compartments bordering Kultoli development areas are less saline compared to the forest blocks lying along river Matla.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17002330", "title": "Watching horror films could burn nearly 200 calories", "text": "Watching a scary movie for just 90 minutes could help burn as much as 113 calories, which is close to the amount burned during a half-hour walk and equivalent to a chocolate bar, a University of Westminster study has revealed.The 1980 psychological thriller 'The Shining' was on the top of the list of calorie-burners, with the average viewer using up a whopping 184 calories.'Jaws' took the runner-up spot, with viewers burning on average 161 calories, and 'The Exorcist' came third, with 158 calories, the Telegraph reported.The study measured the total energy expenditure of ten different people as they watched a selection of frightening movies.Scientists recorded their heart rate, oxygen intake and carbon dioxide output - and discovered the number of calories used increased by on average a third during the films.The research also revealed films featuring moments designed to make viewers jump in terror are the best calorie-burners, as they cause heart rates to soar.\"Each of the ten films tested set pulses racing, sparking an increase in the heart rate of the case studies,\" the paper quoted Dr Richard Mackenzie, senior lecturer and specialist in cell metabolism and physiology at the University of Westminster, as saying.\"As the pulse quickens and blood pumps around the body faster, the body experiences a surge in adrenaline.\"It is this release of fast acting adrenaline, produced during short bursts of intense stress (or in this case, brought on by fear), which is known to lower the appetite, increase the Basal Metabolic Rate and ultimately burn a higher level of calories,\" he explained.Helen Cowley, editor of the movie rental company LOVEFiLM - which commissioned the University of Westminster study - said: \"We all know the feeling of wanting to hide behind the sofa or grab a pillow when watching scary or hair raising scenes, but this research suggests that maybe those seeking to burn some calories should keep their eyes on the screen.\"The top 10 calorie-burning frightening films were:1. The Shining: 184 calories2. Jaws: 161 calories3. The Exorcist: 158 calories4. Alien: 152 calories5. Saw: 133 calories6. A Nightmare on Elm Street: 118 calories7. Paranormal Activity: 111 calories8. The Blair Witch Project: 105 calories9. The Texas Chain Saw Massacre: 107 calories10. [Rec]: 101 calories", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16999381", "title": "Nashik, Pune, Mumbai cops to meet over crime control", "text": "NASHIK: Senior officials from several police commissionerates including Nashik, Pune, Thane, Mumbai and Navi Mumbai will be meeting on Monday over measures to curb crimes like chain snatching and house break-ins.The meeting has been called by the commissioner of Thane police, K P Raghuvanshi. Assistant commissioner of police Avinash Ambure from Nashik will be attending the meeting. The meeting was prompted by the observation that criminals are likely to move between neighbouring cities and towns and coordination between commissionerates could offer invaluable intelligence support when tracking law-breakers.Officials said that as per the police manual, officials on fringes of different police commissionerates must meet at regular intervals to share information on the number of criminals in their respective jurisdiction, criminals currerently in jail, information on those that are absconding, modus operandi of specific criminals . These issues likely to be discussed during Monday's meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16998715", "title": "Nagri activists to move court for Dayamani's bail", "text": "RANCHI: Social activists protesting against the alleged forceful acquisition of land at Nagri are moving bail petition on Monday for release of one of the key activists Dayamani Barla who was arrested by police on October 19. Father Stain Swami said that she was arrested by police in 2006.No sooner did she get the bail than she was arrested on charges of disrupting government officials from their duty in Nagri. \"We are moving a bail petition in the Nagri issue and are also applying for anticipatory bail in other cases that police might have lined up against her,\" Swami said.Calling it an effort to dismantle the Nagri movement, he said that false cases are being filed against key activists to shake the morale of villagers who have been fighting nail and tooth against the government.tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16999174", "title": "'World is in need of humanistic philosophy'", "text": "GURGAON: 'The world is in need of a humanistic philosophy.' This was how the introduction to the peace symposium, held on Sunday morning in village Bilaspur near IMT Manesar, read. And it was this very philosophy, various impressions and interpretations of which were presented at the event by the assorted speakers.Organized by the Buddhist association Soka Gakkai, Sunday's symposium was called 'Choose Life,' after the title of a book of dialogue held between the Soka Gakkai International president, Daisaku Ikeda and the British historian Arnold Toynbee . \"This event was held to celebrate the 40th anniversary of the publication of that book,\" said one of the organizers.Veteran journalist, Mark Tully, was among the speakers at the symposium, and he talked about the need for a religious revival of some sort. \"Scientism, or a belief in science, has now taken over the West. Science and technology no doubt take mankind forward, but they also drive us a step back. And this step back is what we tend to overlook,\" he said.Other speakers included the director of India International Centre, Kavita A Sharma, and the director general of the National Archives of India, Mushirul Hasan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16999950", "title": "Trader duped of Rs 55.51L", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A trader has filed a complaint against another trader for not paying his dues of Rs 55.51 lakh. Shankar Sultaniya, a resident of Bopal, has filed a complaint for cheating and breach of trust with Navrangpura police.According to investigators, Sultaniya owns Narmada Irons and Associates at Nirman Complex on Stadium Road. According to his complaint, Rupkishor Purohit, a resident of Shahibaug and owner of Vijay Steel, was his firm's regular customer purchasing steel and iron in bulk and supplying it to other firms. Sultaniya has mentioned that Purohit procured iron goods worth Rs 55.51 lakh during September and October.\"Purohit sold off the purchased goods but did not pay Sultaniya's dues. Sultaniya has mentioned that he is not alone as other suppliers to Purohit's two firms did not get their money. We have clubbed the cases and have asked the complainants to furnish the papers of deals. Purohit will be called upon to record his statement in the case,\" said a Navrangpura police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17003124", "title": "Lack of access to education denies dalits right to gainful employment: Study", "text": "MANGALORE: Access to education is an important indicator that helps one to understand Dalit development experience in Karnataka.Illiterates among rural Dalit population is 45%, literates without formal schooling 1.2% and the literates who have acquired ability to read and write through adult education programme is very small, a study by Centre for Study of Social Exclusion and Inclusive Policy (CSEIP), Mangalore University states.As far as Dalits having attended lower primary schooling is concerned, it is 12.6%, higher primary 12.2% and that having attended up to high school is 10.4%. Dalits to have successfully completed high school and passed 10th and 12th standard is 12.6% respectively. Access to other professional and higher education is very low as far as rural Dalits are concerned in Karnataka, the study carried out in select districts points.Those have done diploma, ITI and other professional certificate courses which are job oriented and crucial from the point of view of jobs or gainful employment in industry or related sectors is only 1.2%. General graduates such as BA, BCom, BSC is around 2.8% and general post graduates 0.4%. The technical and professional graduates such as engineering (BE) and medical (MBBS) is abysmal compared to their total population.Access to employment opportunities is also very important to understand the dalit development in India. The occupational mobility is highly rigid in Indian society as the institution of caste and untouchability is influencing the employment opportunities and restricting the dalits to access the employment in most of the sectors. The percentage of dalits depending on agriculture sector for wage labour is almost 63 in the state.Only 18.1% of the dalits are engaged in their own land for farm activities, the dalits engaged in livestock and dairying and nonfarm employment is only 1.9 and 2.6% respectively in the state. The private sector employment for Dalits is around 5.6% and around 2.7% dalits are engaged in government/related sectors for employment. The casual workers in rural non- agricultural activities are also around 5.7 percent the study points out.The percentage of people working in agriculture and related activities are 78.9% to total Dalit working population and their mobility to other occupations is very less and it is also insignificant. Further, results reveal that nearly 60% of Dalit workers do not have subsidiary occupations and 17.6% of them also depend on their own land to find additional occupation. CSEIP carried out this study under a three-year programme sponsored by ICSSR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16998391", "title": "Speed post centres to accept passport applications", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Passport seekers can now file their application at speed post centres in the city and 53 other locations in Odisha. The receipt of applications at speed post centres was stalled after introduction of certain changes in the registration of online passport applications by the ministry of external affairs in June.\"We have again given official codes to speed post centres by which they can accept applications. Applications for fresh passport will only be entertained at these centres,\" regional passport officer Padma Mahanti said.Recently, the Regional Passport Office (RPO) organized an orientation programme for postal officials in Bhubaneswar to acquaint them with the updated version of receiving online applications.Unlike Passport Seva Kendra (PSK) in Bhubaneswar, the speed post centres will not capture the biometric fingerprints of applicants. \"Fingerprint collection is not mandatory at the speed post centres. Applicants need to furnish matriculation certificate, birth certificate and address proof only,\" Mahanti said.The RPO used to receive around 500 passport applications from all the 54 speed post centres every month. Out of the 54 centers, only 10 or 12 speed post centres in Rourkela, Berhampur, Bhubaneswar, Balasore and Puri among few others were active. The rest were almost inactive as the RPO did not receive a single passport application from these centres. So the RPO has decided to start awareness programmes on passport service available at speed post centres as many people do not know about it.It has also decided to give a fresh lease of life to the district passport cells (DPC) in 30 districts where applicants can submit their passport forms, akin to speed post centres and PSK. Though these were established five years ago, the cells are virtually non-functional for lack of awareness among the people. The RPO receives only 70 or 75 passport applications from all the 32 DPCs every month, even though a number of applicants from several districts throng the PSK here to apply for passports everyday. As many as 16 DPCs functioning at Balangir, Boudh, Bargarh, Dhenkanal, Deogarh, Ganjam, Gajapati, Jharsuguda, Khurda, Mayurbhanj, Nayagarh, Rayagada, Rourkela, Sambalpur, Sonepur and Malkangiri have earned the dubious distinction of not receiving a single passport application in the last six months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16999984", "title": "Poll show to decide Gujarat MPs' fate", "text": "AHMEDABAD: By not inducting any new minister from among Gujarat's members of parliament, the Congress high command has given a clear message to the party to perform in the assembly elections in December before expecting rewards.Promotions for Dinsha Patel and Bharatsinh Solanki in the reshuffle effected on Sunday can be linked to next month's polls.Party sources said the idea of inducting a couple of new faces from Gujarat into the Union council of ministers was shot down by the party leadership, even though there were many claimants.Congress president Sonia Gandhi reportedly communicated through her political secretary Ahmed Patel that at least two ministerial berths will be reserved for MPs from Gujarat.These two berths will be given to Lok Sabha MPs who work for the success of the party in the assembly elections.Each MP has an average of six assembly segments in a Lok Sabha seat.Apart from Dinsha Patel who got elevated on Sunday, Gujarat has two other ministers of state, Bharat Solanki and Tushar Choudhary.The other eight MPs are Soma Patel, Kunwarji Bawalia, Vithhal Radadia, Vikram Madam, Jagdish Thakore, Mukesh Gadhvi, Dr Prabha Taviad and Kishan Patel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17000046", "title": "Homework weighs down Class 1 students", "text": "CHENNAI: Four-year-old Vasanth steps away from his Ben10-themed work desk for the third time in 15 minutes - this time to have a drink of water. His grandfather has been trying to get him to finish four pages of tracing capital and small letters in cursive writing and Vasanth cannot sit still for five minutes at a stretch.\"I rarely get the time to look at what he's done at school. The only update I get about what he does at school is when I get him ready in the morning,\" said his mother Sindhu Vasan. When she finds that he hasn't done his homework in the morning, she says she scribbles them out herself, sometimes so his pre-school teacher doesn't give him a sad smiley. \"He's too young to write so much,\" Sindhu says in defence.Parents of children who attend nursery or primary school in the city often say that there are far too many writing assignments than they can cope with at such a young age. This is especially so in the case of many matriculation schools as well as the more storied institutions affiliated to the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE). The rigour in their approach to education begins to manifest itself even in the early classes.The parent of a Class 1 student in a leading CBSE school said her daughter writes an average of six pages (in a four-lined notebook) everyday - at least four in class and another two at home. Radha Narayan recalls the day her daughter complained of a stomach ache while at school, and when she landed up to take her home, her daughter confessed that what she really wanted was to get away from school. \"She told me that her hands were aching and she just couldn't write any more,\" Radha said. \"I'm afraid she will get an aversion to school,\" Radha added.But schools say people like Radha Narayan are in a minority. \"Many parents want homework as evidence that their child is learning. And writing, more than any other homework, gives concrete proof that their child is getting his or her fee's worth of education,\" said the correspondent of a private matriculation school. Parents anxious about academic scores often want to expose their children early to pedagogic methods that use repeated reading and writing exercises to improve rote-based learning.However, some experts say kindergarten children are just too young to start writing. \"It's equivalent to making an adult trace the alphabets with a pencil between his or her toes. That's how difficult it is for young children to hold a pencil between their tiny fingers,\" said educational consultant Prema Daniel.Academics accuse teachers of using writing as a shortcut to teaching a language. Sometimes it's just ignorance and lack of imagination although lack of space and time are also often cited as reasons. \"It's a ridiculous way of teaching the alphabet. Semantics is the way to teach a language,\" said educationist S Anandalakshmy.But, not all homework is bad, say experts. Learning at home is an essential part of good education and gives parents the opportunity to engage with their children's education. Educational consultant K R Maalathi said, \"Some work needs to be carried back home to recapitulate on what has been done in school. But this does not include meaningless writing or copying from the blackboard.\" She suggests that teachers give parents specific instructions on how they should help children with their learning.Some say the new age schools take a less formal approach which suits students better in the early years of schooling. The emphasis there is on experiential learning through audio and video aids as well as activities that enhance social and interpretational skills as well as physical development.(Some names have been changed on request)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17001405", "title": "Sanjay Dutt and Dharam Oberoi cross swords again", "text": "Raj Sippy's 1977 thriller Inkaar, best remembered for the lavni number Mungda is now a disputed property. Both Dharam Oberoi and Sanjay Dutt, who are now on talking terms again (TOI, October 24, 2012 ), are keen on remaking the film.While Oberoi claims to have the remake rights of Inkaar, Sanjay Dutt who has been on the look-out for a good script to carry forward Sanjay Dutt Productions after Rascals, has reportedly approached Raj Sippy for the remake rights of the film.When contacted, Raj Sippy said, \"I cannot deny that Sanjay Dutt is interested in remaking Inkaar . However it is Dharam Oberoi who has bought the rights of the film.\"Said a source, \"Dharam paid an initial amount of Rs 7-8 lakh to Raj Sippy. This was during the time when he was Sanjay Dutt's business manager. So technically Dutt feels the remake rights of Inkaar were sold to him. However all the papers pertaining to the rights are with Dharam and he is adamant on starting his production house with Inkaar. But Raj Sippy has only got the initial amount from Dharam . The total amount agreed for the remake rights is Rs 75 lakhs.\"Added the source, \"Dutt and Daddu (Raj Sippy) go back a long way. They've worked together in many films in the past, like Thanedaar and Shiva. Dutt has offered to pay Raj the entire amount of Rs 75 lakhs for the remake rights.\"Interestingly, Dharam Oberoi has approached Anurag Basu to direct the Inkaar remake. The producer also wants the Mungda song to be re-modelled. We've learnt that the producer is planning to get Sunny Leone to perform the number.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16999487", "title": "Accused in granite scam surrenders", "text": "MADURAI: P Rajasekaran of P R Granites surrendered before the district police here on Sunday after evading arrest for over two months. Keezhavalavu police have filed cases against many granite owners on illegal granite quarrying charges after the scam came out in August.As many as 60 people including Palanisamy of PRP granites were arrested. The district police are looking out for nearly 50 persons including Union minister M K Alagiri's son Durai Dhayanidhi. Durai's wife, relatives and friends were questioned by the police to know his whereabouts. Vehicles including buses operated by PRP and other granite owners were seized in regard to these cases. A case has been registered against Rajasekaran, who was known for promoting Jallikattu in the region, based on a complaint from Malampatti VAO on charges of trespassing into government land, destroying water sources and excessive quarrying.Rajasekaran was arrested and remanded in custody. Madurai SP V Balakrishnan said Rajasekaran had been remanded on the usual charges slapped against the granite owners. The police have also announced a special grievance redress day on November 3 for persons affected by the illegal granite quarrying in the district. The public can approach the SP with complaints against irregularities by granite owners, officials from the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16999816", "title": "Ensure 'Basel' norms in bank audits, CAs told", "text": "PATNA: More than 40 chartered accountants (CA) of Bihar and Jharkhand discussed how effectively to meet the 'Basel' norms, accepted by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) in May 2012, in bank audits.Speaking on the second day of the six-day certificate course on Concurrent Audit of Banks, organized by the Patna branch of Central India Regional Council (CIRC) of The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) on Sunday, resource person Arijit Chakraborty gave them guidelines for effective reporting during bank audits so that the main issues could be brought to the management's notice.\"The crux of the audits can be efficiently brought out using certain standard procedure by following a risk-based approach, understanding RBI norms and the banks head office norms,\" he said. \"Basically, banks want to know that 'All is well' in their banks like if the core banking is linked properly, security of ATMs etc. But, it is for the auditors to check a bank's 'capital adequacy ratio', that how much minimum capital is required by the bank, whether loans are granted against forged documents and major transactions are accurate or not. The CAs have to develop the bank's operations and reduce its costs,\" he added.Chakraborty said the Basel norms are international standards to ensure that financial institutions have enough capital to meet obligations and absorb unexpected losses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16998594", "title": "Loutolim woman succumbs to injuries", "text": "MARGAO: A 64-year old woman from Loutolim, Alvorinha Gomes, on Sunday, succumbed to injuries she sustained in an accident that took place near the Loutolim church on Saturday.Police sources informed that Gomes was attempting to cross the road on Saturday when she was hit by a motorcycle. She was rushed to the hospital, but died while undergoing treatment at the Goa medical college and hospital, Bambolim, on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17004601", "title": "Chris Brown with busty models at Playboy mansion", "text": "Chris Brown looked thrilled to be in the company of a couple of half naked models, as he attended the Playboy mansion's annual Halloween party on Saturday night.Chris, 23, donned a cheeky grin as he posed with two particular redheads, British glamour twins Melissa and Carla Howe, who are said to have hooked up with Russell Brand last month.The busty ladies were seen around Chris in barely-there costumes, but Brown was quite the gentleman and kept his eyes and hands to himself and eventually zoomed home alone in his 750,000-dollar Lambo, the Global Grind reported.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16999580", "title": "Union cabinet reshuffle is Cong's image-building exercise: Lalu Prasad", "text": "PATNA: RJD supremo Lalu Prasad on Sunday said the Union cabinet reshuffle was aimed at refurbishing the Congress image as some of the party leaders were allegedly involved in corruption cases. It was an image-building exercise by Congress leaders keeping in mind the 2014 parliamentary elections, he said.Lalu was disappointed over the poor representation from Bihar and Jharkhand in the cabinet reshuffle. \"We were expecting a berth for Ashrarul Haque, the lone Congress MP from the state representing Kishanganj parliamentary constituency, and Jharkhand Congress president Pradip Balmuchu,\" he said.Meanwhile, Lalu accused the Nitish-led government of institutionalizing rangdari tax and alleged that the district magistrates had been instructed to arrange sufficient number of buses to ferry people from each panchayat to the JD-U 'Adhikar Rally' in the state capital on November 4.JD-U leaders, who used to remind people about rangdari collection during RJD regime, were shamelessly doing the same thing, Lalu charged, alleging that the JD-U leaders had put up billboards all over the state capital without seeking permission for it or paying even a farthing to the Patna Municipal Corporation.Reacting to the Special Investigation Team (SIT) report in Khagaria violence during CM Nitish Kumar's Adhikar Yatra and involvement of some RJD leaders, Lalu wondered why RJD leaders were being dragged into it when a JD-U leader, Ranvir Yadav, snatched the carbine of his MLA wife's bodyguard and fired shots in full public view. \"What action has been initiated against Ranvir,\" he asked and said the whole exercise was aimed at diverting people's anger over the style of Nitish Kumar's functioning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "16998725", "title": "Nobody interested in solving the Kashmir problem: Ex-Armyman", "text": "DHANBAD: The interlocutors report on Jammu and Kashmir was simply an exercise in futility and emptying the coffers of the Union home ministry, felt Col M K Singh, a retired army official. He was speaking at a programme organized by the Kashmir Study Centre at the Central Mining and Fuel Research Institute hall here on Sunday.Col Singh, who has served different parts of the Valley, said there was nothing new in the report. \"I hope the members enjoyed the TA and DA from the home ministry\", said Singh, who is currently the registrar of Indian School of Mines.The ex-armyman said an active 'surgery' was the solution to the Kashmir problem. Citing the example of Bangladesh, he said that it was the creation of surgery carried out by Mrs India Gandhi. A similar surgery is needed for Kashmir too.\"Nobody is interested in solving the Kashmir problem. Neither the politicians nor the soldiers want an end to the problems. The people of Kashmir too do not want an end to the problem as this will rob them of the opportunity to avail of rice for Rs 6 per kg and sugar for Rs 14 a kg,\" Singh said.A blunder was committed by Pandit Nehru who referred the problem to the UN and disallowed the then Army Chief Gen Kariappa, a 24-hours timeframe to enable the Indian forces reach Muzaffarbad, felt Singh. \"This made Kashmir a permanent problem,\" he said.tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16998054", "title": "New team will meet all challenges: PM", "text": "NEW DELHI: PM Manmohan Singh on Sunday expressed confidence that his new team would be able to meet the challenges before the government.Speaking after the swearing-in ceremony at Rashtrapati Bhavan, Singh said the new team was a \"combination of youth, experience and relevance to the portfolios that have been entrusted to the ministers\". He was asked about the message he sought to give through the reshuffle.Asked about the road ahead for the government, the PM said, \"The road ahead is full of challenges. But this is a team which I hope will be able to meet those challenges.\"Singh said this would probably be the last reshuffle of the council of ministers before the 2014 general elections.The PM also ruled out early elections and said polls would be held on time.Asked about ministers who were dropped from the Cabinet, Singh said their services were required in the party. \"Well, the party also needs strengthening. Men and women of experience can be equally productive in strengthening the party,\" he said.To a question on Rahul Gandhi , he said, \"Well, I have already mentioned a number of times that I will be happy if he joins the Cabinet, but he has other pre-occupations. He wants to strengthen the party.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17001629", "title": "Two Air India flights delayed due to hurricane Sandy", "text": "NEW DELHI: Air India on Monday said its Mumbai-Newark and Delhi-New York flights have been \"indefinitely delayed\" due to Hurricane Sandy which is set to hit the East Coast of the United States.An Air India spokesperson said AI 191 Mumbai-Newark and AI 101 Delhi-New York have been indefinitely delayed due to the hurricane.Passengers have been informed and transit passengers have been provided hotel accommodation in Delhi, the spokesperson said.Expected to landfall tonight with a gusty wind and heavy rainfall, the hurricane is likely to create havoc in major parts of the United States in its East Coast \u2014 from North Carolina to New England as far west as the Great Lakes.US President Barack Obama has declared emergency in a number of states including New York, New Jersey, Virginia, District of Columbia and Massachusetts.Thousands of emergency staff have been put in alert; government offices and schools have been closed for today and tomorrow and hundreds and thousands of people from the low lying areas have been asked to evacuate, as the hurricane is expected to bring potentially life-threatening storm surges on the coast ranging from several feet to potentially as high as 11-feet in the coastal areas.The metro systems of several cities including that of Washington DC , the national capital, Philadelphia and New York, which has the world's largest rapid transit system.The United Nations headquarters in New York too have been shut down for two days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17002850", "title": "Party peeps groove to DJ Disfunktion's beat", "text": "Party peeps in the city dressed up for a night out with their pals.The evening couldn't have gotten better as DJ Disfunktion took over the console at Sutra at The Lalit Ashok and spun some popular commercial tunes that kept the crowd on their its till closing time.We spotted and Shruti having a blast, Anusha looking pretty in a short lacy number and Ragini channeling a summer look in a pretty floral dress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "leeds", "code": "16998622", "title": "Pankaj Advani wins World Billiards title", "text": "LEEDS: Ace Indian cueist Pankaj Advani proved his class once again as he notched up his seventh World Billiards Championship title after comprehensively beating defending champion and seasoned Englishman Mike Russell in the final.The celebrated cueist stamped his dominance with a 1895-1216 win over the local favourite.Fresh from his resounding 881-281 victory over compatriot Dhruv Sitwala in the semifinals, Pankaj raced into a lead with a century break of 147 and a double century break of 298 within the first hour of the five-hour long encounter.The experienced Mike then scored a break of 397 to equalise but Pankaj fought back strongly with breaks of 131 and 92 to take the lead in the first half of the match.Pankaj started the second half with another century break of 128 and followed this with breaks of 94 and 108 to cement his lead over Mike.With a final century break of 119, Pankaj beat the 11-time champion to clinch his fourth world title in the timed format. It was a case of history repeating itself for Pankaj who had beaten Mike 2030-1253 in the finals of the World Professional Billiards Championship in 2009 at the same venue.Dedicating the title to his mother, an elated Pankaj said, \"I am so pleased to have won my seventh world title. I took a gamble while choosing to play the World Championships here in Leeds and not the International Championship on the Professional Snooker tour and I am glad that paid off in my favour.\"I took a tough decision earlier this year to play both Billiards and Snooker at the highest level, and I am glad that I have been able to maintain top form in both the forms.\"\"This victory like every other shall be treasured yet has its own special meaning given the unique challenges I have faced this year. This win is a testament that if you follow your heart, nothing's impossible,\" Pankaj added.Pankaj has been in stupendous form through the tournament, remaining unbeaten in the earlier rounds to proceed to the knock outs as the top seed in both Points and Timed formats.Pankaj bounced back from his loss to Peter Gilchrist in the quarterfinals of the points format and showed great composure in his quarterfinal encounter against Rupesh Shah in the timed format which he won with a 940-point margin in 180 minutes to storm into the semi-finals where he beat fellow Indian Dhruv Sitwala.This is the eighth overall world title for Pankaj and his seventh in billiards.His first world title in billiards came in 2005 when he created history by becoming the first cueist ever to win the Timed and Points format of the IBSF World Billiards Championship in the same year, a feat he repeated in 2008.He also won the IBSF World Billiards Championship (Timed Format) in 2007 and won World Professional Billiards title 2009.The only active player to compete at the highest level in both Billiards and Snooker, Pankaj made the tough choice of picking the World Billiards Championship over International Snooker Championships due to a clash in the dates of the two tournaments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16999249", "title": "Popular support for Ganga's cause", "text": "KANPUR: Good Samaritans accompanied by police and army personnel cleaned the stairs and lanes of Massacre Ghat here on Sunday as part of a volunteer-driven effort to combat pollution in River Ganga.It is important to mention here that TOI had raised the matter of untidy Ghats after idol immersions during Ganesh Chaturthi and Durga Visarjan in its recent reports. While the initiative did not awaken the civic and administrative authorities, socially conscious residents of the city took initiative and decided to act for Ganga's cause. They were joined by the police and army personnel who took the opportunity to spread awareness of the fact that the ghats are polythene and garbage-free zones. Apart from picking polybags and other garbage thrown by the locals on the banks of the river, the volunteers also sprayed lime and bleaching powder at the site.The volunteers also motivated local residents and visitors to the temple to join the mission to save the ghats from pollution.\"Ganga would be free-flowing when people who clean the ghats will outnumber those who make the river dirty,\" said a volunteer. He said every individual should see it as a responsibility to keep the river clean.Another volunteer said had the municipal agencies helped, the drive could have been held at a much larger scale. \"We do not have any vehicle to carry this filth away,\" he rued.Several foreign tourists present on the spot also joined the volunteers in the cleanliness drive and praised the locals' efforts to preserve and conserve their heritage and inheritance.New Year deadline for Motijheel faceliftKanpur Nagar Nigam has decided to give Motijheel a facelift from the first week of November and develop it further as a tourist spot.A sum of Rs 1.35 crore has been earmarked for this scheme under chief minister's Samagra Vikas Yojna, said executive engineer, Nagar Nigam, RK Singh. He said contractors have already been identified for the renovation and repair work and they have been given a 45-day deadline to complete the job. The agency wants Motijheel's new avatar ready for the city's residents by New Year.As part of the facelift, the Jaldhara, Tulsi Upwan pond, Tulsidas platform and the park's boundary wall will see a major revamp. Repair of damaged pathways and groundwater harvesting at Tulsi Upwan, restoration of boundary wall behind Kargil park, proper drainage in Motijheel campus and construction of roads are other works which would be executed, Singh added.Meanwhile, the state government rejected Nagar Nigam's proposal for the identification of no-tempo zones in the city. According to Nagar Nigam sources, Sriprakash Singh, special secretary, urban development had asked PWD to send the proposal and estimate for the same. Development of no- tempo zones in Kanpur is included in the chief minister's Samagra Vikas Yojana and a sum of Rs 5 crore has been allocated for it. Nagar Nigam had sent a proposal for the development of the zone in eight parts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16999529", "title": "Festive, wedding rush clogs Zirakpur stretch", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Festival shopping, weekend outing and weddings saw thousands of vehicles moving into and out of Chandigarh, resulting in traffic bottlenecks on the Zirakpur entry point. The ordeal didn't end there for those headed for Ambala, as the flyover too was chock-a-block with vehicles.After the crackdown by Mohali police on roadside parking of vehicles in Zirakpur last week, vehicles again lined up the highway, as commuters thronged the area to shop at the outlets there. In the evening, commuters had to wait for up to 20 minutes, as traffic moved at a snail's pace at the Airport Chowk and the last barricade of the city. \"Traffic cops were trying to manage traffic but bumper-to-bumper traffic took time to clear up. There was heavy rush also because of a large number of marriages taking place in and around the city on Sunday,\" said Kamaldeep Sodhi of Sector 49.Sodhi pointed out, \"With the wedding season continuing till November 8, jams could soon become a regular feature.\"The slip road along the flyover too witnessed traffic jams with trucks and buses moving in the same lane. \"I was coming from Patiala and the traffic wouldn't move on in front of the market in Zirakpur. Had the trucks not been parked in a separate bay at the entry to Chandigarh, it would have added to the problem. The situation will worsen as Diwali nears,\" said Anita Bhanot, a manager with a private bank in Mohali.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17003193", "title": "'Petty' Facebook, Twitter squabbles overwhelm police", "text": "LONDON: Police forces across Britain are having a tough time dealing with petty squabbles on Facebook, Twitter and other social network sites every day. Officers have said they are wasting valuable time and resources tackling internet users directing abuse at each other.According to the Daily Mail, at least three arrests are being made every day for sending offensive messages via phones and computers, including people harassing ex-partners by text message and making hoax threats as well as comments on social media.A 'few dozen' more serious incidents have led to court, with the figure growing rapidly in recent months, police said.An officer from Essex cited the example of a young woman who had claimed to have received death threats on Facebook. But when officers investigated, they found she had actually threatened to spread malicious rumours about another woman, who had replied: \"I hope you die then.\"\"You will always have one or two serious incidents of harassment and bullying on Facebook and the like but for the most part it's petty stuff. It takes up a lot of time and the normal result is advice from us to all parties to grow up,\" said an officer from North Wales.Simon Reed, vice-chairman of the Police Federation of England and Wales, said: \"We have concerns that we don't have the resources to police everything that's said on the internet. We can't have people getting upset in a one-off situation and involving the police. If we show too much willingness and get involved in every squabble, we're setting ourselves up to keep doing this because it will be expected.\"He said it was right for police to investigate cases involving homophobia or racism, but said the police shouldn't be dealing with individual squabbles.The laws most commonly used to prosecute anyone who posts offensive material online, or 'trolls' who goad public figures and victims' relatives, make it illegal to send a grossly offensive or obscene message using an electronic network, and apply even if it is sent privately to only one person or just repeats what another has said.Statistics from 22 out of the 43 police forces in England and Wales show there were at least 4,098 arrests under the relevant laws between the start of 2009 and the middle of 2012, averaging three a day. More than 2,000 people were either charged or given an out-of-court fine or caution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17001359", "title": "Security lapse on 'Dabangg 2' set", "text": "On Thursday evening, six men suddenly appeared on the sets of Dabangg 2 in Mehboob Studios (Bandra) and even shook hands with Salman Khan , who initially thought they were members of the crew. It took the actor a while to realise something was amiss...Immediately, his personal bodyguards swung into action and threw the intruders out not only from the sets but also from the studios. But not before the actor's team had given an earful to the Mehboob Studios' officials, for this security lapse.In fact, the security has been beefed up from Friday to avoid such incidents in the future.Explaining what exactly transpired, an eyewitness told us, \"Six men suddenly came on the set as Salman was gearing up for a scene. They moved around Salman for a while. A few of them then went up to him and stretched out their hands for a handshake. Salman calmly shook hands thinking they were from the crew. Suddenly, his sixth sense told him something was fishy. He had this uncanny feeling that they were neither crewmembers nor invited guests.\"So what were Salman's 12 security guards doing when all of this happened? Wasn't it part of their duty to avert such an incident? Said the witness, \"Those twelve guards are Salman's personal guards. They don't stand like chowkidars at the door of his every set. They are mostly either around him or his parked vehicle. Mehboob Studios' security that was patrolling the set is to be blamed.\"A source from the Dabangg 2 set confirmed remedial measures have now been taken post the Thursday incident. \"Earlier, we had eight men manning the Dabangg 2 set, now we have sixteen,\" the source said.There has always been top security on the Dabangg 2 sets. In a first for the industry and Kamalistan Studio, the entire studio (Jogeshwari), comprising 12 units, had been exclusively booked for the opening schedule of the film, which kicked off in March this year. Looks like not booking the entire Mehboob Studios was a mistake.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16998646", "title": "Tech savvy", "text": "RANCHI: Poring over the computer is more inviting than indulging in a game of hide-and-seek. Dance or music classes after that and then a round of television watching and a child's day is complete. Experts say children are getting addicted to too many things around him to really concentrate on studies. Psychiatrist Usha Narsaria said, \"Being gadget friendly is good but being gadget dependent is not right. If the child depends too much on gadgets he will not only become weak academically but also physically. Spending too much time in front of a computer can lead to complaints of poor eyesight and migraine at a very young age.\"Astha Priya, a student of Class VII, said, \"I spend almost five hours on the internet everyday. Most of the time I either watch videos on youtube or use the Facebook but I do use the net for school projects, too.\"Gadgets like ipads, play stations and tablet PCs do make youngsters e-friendly but at the same time rob them of concentration. \"My eight-year-old son is always busy playing with mobile phones even when he sits down to study,\" said Shalini Singh, a mother.Since most school tasks are restricted to computers, children don't get an opportunity to explore the world of printed words where information does not flow out of the screen at the click of a mouse. \"There's nothing like reading good books,\" said a former principal.Samriddhi Sharma, a student of Class IX, said, \"I derive maximum information from Google and as we are permitted to submit printed assignments I work on MS Word document. I don't have to worry about spelling and grammar as the tool has an option of auto correct.\"Teachers strongly feel that using the computer for every small information is weakening a child's inherent curiosity to read, learn and remember. Neeta Sharma, a teacher in a private school, said, \"Many students are not able to do simple mathematics or spell simple words if they do not have access to the computer. This is clearly seen in report cards as those students who get grade A in class assignments sink to grade C in examinations.\"Narsaria added, \"Another tendency is for children to live in the virtual world. Their interactions in the real world get limited.\"After returning from school, all their activities centre around the internet or television. The reality shows grab their attention the most. Arpit Jain, a father of a five-year-old boy, said, \"I started sending my son to dance classes when he was four. I will send him to a reality show next year.\"Disha Soni, a 13-year-old girl, said, \"I get up at 5 in the morning and leave for school by 6.30 am. After returning from school by 2 pm I leave for tuitions at 2.30 pm and then directly go to dance classes by 5.30 pm from where I return home around 7 pm.\" Narsaria said reality shows are the main reason why children are losing their innocence and childhood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16997385", "title": "'Let gram sabhas protect forests under community forest rights'", "text": "NAGPUR: The supporters of the Scheduled Tribes and Other Traditional Forest Dwellers (Recognition of Forest Rights) Act, 2006, on Sunday appealed to the state government to hand over forests claimed under community forest rights (CFRs) to gram sabhas for their sustainable management.CFRs are rights granted under FRA to protect, regenerate, conserve or manage any community forest resources which they have been traditionally protecting and conserving for sustainable use.There has been conflict between states and communities on managing areas given under FRA. Studies at national and international level, and present trends, speak about the need to manage areas with community participation, otherwise a sense of responsibility to conserve and protect cannot be attained. To develop an opinion on the issue, the Vidarbha Nature Conservation Society (VNCS), which is promoting CFRs, had organized a workshop in the city on Sunday.At the workshop on 'Effective implementation of FRA for ecological security and forest-based livelihoods in Vidarbha', Dilip Gode, secretary, Vidarbha Nature Conservation Society (VNCS), said the poor bear the cost of conservation while benefits are enjoyed by larger society and hence there is a need to protect the rights of the poor.VNCS is in the forefront of implementation of FRA in Vidarbha. In Maharashtra, over 6.90 lakh acre of forest land has been recognized as belonging to 1,567 villages under CFR. This includes 805 (3.72 lakh acre land) claims in Gadchiroli, 142 (2.52 lakh acre) in Gondia and 7 (798 acre) in Melghat in Amravati.\"It is high time the management of forest areas claimed under CFRs is handed over to the gram sabhas. This will help increase forest cover, wildlife habitat development and also help increase forest produce. The forest department should undertake capacity building of these people,\" said Gode.He also cited examples of Naroti Chak and Murumbodi in Gadchiroli, where villagers came forward to protect forests and wildlife from so-called mafia while the department looked the other way.At a meeting called by the ministry of tribal affairs, Government of India, last month in Nagpur, the state government has been directed to prepare an action plan for integrated development of CFR villages. It includes development of institutional mechanisms to promote CFRs and non-timber forest produce (NTFP).Vidarbha has emerged as the potential region in India, other than areas in Odisha, to establish control over forest areas and water bodies including tenure rights, nistaar and biodiversity rights, with the need for sustainable management of biodiversity, clarity in tenure and rights, and incentivizing the traditional practices and institutions.\"Hence, decentralized governance systems, strengthening the institutional norms and regulations, and empowerment form the basic pillars for community-based conservation here,\" felt Gode. He allayed the fears in the media that FRA will weaken conservation regime.Successful implementation of FRA cannot be achieved unless large-scale awareness is created, said senior lawyer Anand Gode. He added media can do what agencies cannot do to promote FRA. \"The FRA will not make locals rich but at least make them self-sustaining,\" added Gode.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17005087", "title": "Keep your BP, diabetes and obesity in check to prevent stroke", "text": "BANGALORE: Beware of that deadly combination of hypertension, diabetes and obesity , as even if you contract one of these three you are most likely to get a 'brain attack' or 'stroke', which is has become one of the most common disorder and a component of sudden death worldwide.With high incidences of lifestyle diseases coupled with smoking and alcohol consumption, brain stroke is the third most life threatening disease globally after heart diseases, cancer and road traffic accidents, leaving a person crippled in a vegetative condition after a brain attack.Said Dr P Satishchandra, senior neurologist and Director, Nimhans: \"The most dangerous aspect of stroke is not only the mortality rate is high, but also the morbidity rate. It can affect a person in multiple ways by making him/her almost lifeless with giving weakness in limbs, speech difficulties and also visual disability.\"In Karnataka, the prevalence of stroke is said to be 150 per 1 lakh population. \"Among those who establish stroke 10-15% die during hospitalization, where as every year we see about 50 new cases of stroke per 1 lakh population,\" said Dr G Gururaj, Head of department of Epidemiology, Nimhans.\"Stroke is a major cause for loss of life, limbs and speech in India, with the Indian Council of Medical Research estimating that in 2004, there were 9.3 lakh cases of stroke and 6.4 lakh deaths due to stroke in India, most of the people being less than 45 years old. By 2015, India will report 1.6 million cases of stroke annually, at least one-third of whom will be disabled. WHO estimates suggest that by 2050, 80% stroke cases in the world would occur in low and middle income countries mainly India and China,\" said Dr Vikram Huded, Head of interventional neurology, Narayana Institute of Neurosciences.\"People above 60 have higher risk of developing a stroke. About 12% of attacks occur in people below 40 years, this is mainly because of sedentary lifestyle,\" said Dr Sreekanta Swamy, senior consultant neurologist, Apollo Hospital.Prevention and timely treatment\"One must know that stroke is a preventable disorder. If you can make alteration in your lifestyle and keep diabetes, hypertension, obesity, stress and cholesterol in check, it will help in preventing stroke. It is very important to engage in regular physical exercise, which helps in preventing lifestyle disorders,\" said Dr Satishchandra. He added: \"Second most important factor in stroke management is 'golden hour' treatment. Whenever a patient suffers from stroke (s)he must be rushed to a tertiary care hospital within 3 hours. Life can be saved with immediate treatment.Rehabilitation of patientsA patient of brain stroke must be rehabilitated after hospital treatment. Patient should be given physical as well as speech rehabilitation which includes speech therapy and physical exercise under the care of trained doctors and nurses. \"Also the family plays an important role in rehabilitation of stroke patient. They must understand that a patient needs lots of care and help to come out of after effects of stroke,\" said Dr Gururaj.Symptoms of stroke: Facial deviation or weakness, arm drift or weakness, speech affection/abnormality, loss of sensation/vision/ consciousness etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16997719", "title": "Jaipur to be 10th populated city by \u201925", "text": "JAIPUR: The state capital of Rajasthan will soon join the club of top ten most populated cities of urban agglomerations in the country. With an expected population of 4.2 million by 2025, Jaipur will rank 10th in the list, a jump of four positions from 1990. The other non-metros which will be more populated than Jaipur will be Ahmedabad, Bangalore, Hyderabad, Pune and Kanpur.Urban agglomeration is the population of main city added with the population of any suburbs. For Jaipur, it includes suburbs like Bassi, Sanganer, Shivdaspura, Ramgarh and Kanota.A recent report published by the UN-HABITAT on the \"State of The World's Cities 2012-13\" suggests that the average population increase of Jaipur urban agglomeration from 1990-95 to 2020-25 will be 26.3%. In 1990, Jaipur was the 13th populated city in the country with a population of 1.4 million. However, the report projected that the urban sprawl of Pink City will stand at 4.2 million in 2025, making it the 10th populated city in the country.Report also projected that Jaipur will have a population increase of 3.2 lakh between 2010-15, 3.5 lakh from 2015-2020 and 4 lakh from 2020 to 2025. Interestingly, despite becoming a major urban sprawl, the population growth rate has witnessed a dip from 2000 onwards. The report indicates that the maximum escalation in the population growth rate (4.26) was between 1995 and 2000.The spurt in population in Jaipur is largely attributed to the rapid industrialization. The city's proximity to the national capital and being a part of the proposed corridor of national investment zone have attracted people from far off places to settle down.Meanwhile, the state government claims that Jaipur will be fully prepared to deal with such spurt in population. \"Our whole planning is done keeping in mind the population growth by 2025. Our Master Plan contains detailed infrastructure development up to 2025. Projects like Metro, Ghat ki Ghuni underpass etc too are focused on the needs of the future,\" said Shanti Dhariwal, UDH minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16999654", "title": "Taxi unions to challenge April 30 e-meter deadline", "text": "MUMBAI: Taxi unions are planning to challenge the state government's decision to set the deadline for switching from mechanical meters to e-meters to April 30, 2013. The unions want the deadline to be extended to August 31, which was set by the one-member Hakim committee.Union leader A L Quadros said, \"When the panel has set an August deadline, why is the transport department in a hurry? We plan to consult our lawyers and seek legal recourse to challenge the government notification.\" Quadros is likely to meet senior transport department officials and submit a memorandum.The taxi union will protest against the deadline and may move the court if required, he threatened. \"The taxi drivers have meager income, they cannot switch to e-meters in a haste. Besides, we plan to phase out all the old Padmini taxis by 2013-end. So the government should be patient,\" he said.Another union leader D A Salian said that is was not \"feasible\" to instal e-meters in the old taxis. \"When our drivers went to meter mechanics, they found that there was a technical problem near the gearbox. This has been brought to the notice of RTO officials,\" he said. Officials have said they will consult meter manufacturers and auto mobile experts.Quadros said some of the old taxis were in still good condition. \"We are also opposing the plan to phase out taxis that are over 20 years old,\" he added.All taxi unions and the Mumbai Rickhshawmen's Union are encouraging its members to paste tariff cards behind the driver's seat or on the windscreen . State transport commissioner V N More has urged passengers to carry their own set of tariff cards.\"Else, the calculation is simple. Multiply distance with Rs 9.87 for autos and with Rs 12.35 for taxis. You should then add the waiting time and night charges, if applicable,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16980754", "title": "Yash Chopra always encouraged me: Kunal Kapoor", "text": "Kunal Kapoor couldn't visit the YRF studios after the sad demise of Yash Chopra as he was busy traveling to promote his upcoming film Luv Shuv Tey Chicken Khurana.The actor remembers the director and about the same, he said, \"I was traveling when I got the news about Yash ji. I haven't had a chance to visit YRF studios. Yash Chopra never directed me, but I remember him being a warm person. He would always encourage me. He was very kind and incredible man,\" said Kunal.Kunal is excited about his upcoming release Luv Shuv Tey Chicken Khurana and claims it to be an entertainer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16999564", "title": "Diwali: Delight loved ones with \u2018kaju baklava\u2019 tarts", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With Diwali just around the corner, sweet and gift shops have come up with a range of new \"mithais\" and presents, besides stuff that has been 'repackaged' to give it an all 'new' taste or look. On offer are honey-loaded sweets, sugar-free ones, besides sugar coated 'anjeer' delights with a dash of almonds.From rich handmade chocolates, baked crispy dry fruits to pillar candles and flower vases, there is a range of things available at a cost of around Rs 1,200. For the diabetic, one can pick up \"kaju baklava\" tart or sugar free \"anjeer barfi\" for Rs 1,000 a kg. Also on offer are cashew- coated sweets having a shelf life of 25-30 days.These delectable food items are sure to bring a sweet smile on the faces of your loved ones.Other than these goodies, one can gift cute presents that are sure to add a special charm to their Diwali celebrations. For kids, a chocolate hamper is an ideal Diwali gift. What's available in the market are popular cartoon characters shaped out of dark rich chocolates, packed in attractive cane baskets, available between Rs 350 to Rs 4,000 depending on the size of the basket.Other than these, Ganpati statues and 'pillar' candles can also be gifted to your friends and relatives.Snigdha Pandey, a resident of Sector 40-B said, \"I prefer to gift attractive chocolate packs to my loved ones on Diwali.\"Moni Chaudhary, a homemaker, who is a resident of Sector 37-C said, \"I usually give juice packs to my relatives as a token of love. Juice is not only healthy but is also available in a huge variety.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16999579", "title": "Patna Municipal Corporation levying tax for non-existent facilities", "text": "PATNA: Patnaites are left to drink unsafe water, live in unhygienic condition and pay tax to Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) for the facilities it does not have to offer. It is also delaying the new garbage collection agency's functioning.Interestingly, the PMC standing committee last month decided to double the holding tax which includes 2.5% property tax, 2% water tax, 2% sanitation tax, 2.25% health tax and 1.25% education tax. However, the PMC officials admitted there is neither any hospital nor any school under its jurisdiction.\"The PMC has decided to double the holding tax. But if it does not run any hospital or school, what for it is collecting the taxes under these heads,\" said Rajiv Ranjan, a Hajiganj resident.Sarita Kumari of MIG Colony, Kankarbagh, said, \"PMC is supposed to provide us all the civic services. But during and even after Dussehra, the heap of garbage has not been removed from the colony. We are already paying holding tax but the PMC is not providing us the minimum service. They should revise and reduce the tax slab.\"But the PMC commissioner, Pankaj Kumar Pal, has a different logic. \"There are several residential complexes being used for commercial purposes but paying holding tax applicable to residential ones. We cannot revise the tax payment slab just because the PMC is unable to provide the few services,\" he said, adding that the PMC was losing a handsome amount on this count every year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16999338", "title": "Two minors arrested in Cidco vehicle torching case", "text": "NASHIK: The Ambad police have arrested two minors in connection with the incident of torching two vehicles in the Cidco area of the city on Friday.The two 14-year olds held by the police said that they had torched the scooter of Kashinath Gosavi as the latter had passed on information to the Ambad police over suspicions that a stolen Activa scooter that had been parked in front of his house.In the wee hours of Saturday, two vehicles were found torched in the Uttam Nagar and Shivpuri Chowk areas of Cidco. The scooter of Kashinath Gosavi, resident of Shivpuri Chowk, was torched and rendered completely damaged while an autorickshaw at Uttamnagar was also torched at the same time.The Ambad police said that a few days ago, two 14-year-old kids from the Upendra Nagar area had stolen an Activa scooter from the Indiranagar area. Subsequently, they had parked the stolen scooter in front of the house of Kashinath Gosavi. Later , as Gosavi suspected that the scooter parked in front of his house could be a stolen one, he reported the matter at the Ambad police station which led cops to confiscate the two wheeler. They also launched a hunt for the culprits behind the theft.Meanwhile, in a bid to avenge the act of Gosavi of informing the police about the stolen bike, the minors torched Gosavi's scooter on Saturday. On their way back home, the two also torched a rickshaw and smashed the window pane of a car.Soon after the arson and vandalism was reported, the Ambad police began inves tigations to trace the culprits involved in the crime, but both the children had fled the city by then.On Friday evening, the Ambad police learned that the children were hiding in Niphad. Subsequently, a trap was laid and the minors were arrested. The police said that while one is a Std IX student, the other minor had quit his education. The parents of both the children are labourers and were not even aware that their wards had not come home for the past three days.Considering the involvement of school students in such crimes, DCP D S Swami held a meeting with social organizations, political leaders on Saturday where he appealed to schools to inform about the police about the students who may be regularly playing truant from school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17000317", "title": "'Star Trek' laser weapons to help shoot down drones", "text": "LONDON: US navy experts claimed to have come closer to developing 'Star Trek' inspired laser weapons capable of downing missiles, drones and aerial vehicles. They believe that within two years warships will be armed with weapons capable of firing deadly rays, capable of shooting down fighter jets and destroying missiles. Scientists at the office of naval research have developed a laser weapon that can down boats and drones at a fraction of the cost of conventional weapons.\"On directed energy, I'd say two years. We're well past physics,\" the Daily Express quoted Rear Admiral Matthew Klunder as saying. Last year the US navy staged a demonstration of a laser it had developed which was able to hit a dinghy from more than a mile away. A single beam fired at it caused the engine to burst into flames. A US air force laser weapon shot down five robotic planes in 2009. The following year, a Phalanx gun fitted with a laser beam \"successfully tracked, engaged, and destroyed\" a drone in flight over the sea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17003115", "title": "Nodal officer appointed for monitoring of misuse of SMS service", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The state police officials have appointed Manoj Agrawal, inspector general of police, State Crime Records Bureau (SCRB), as the nodal officer to prevent misuse of the short messaging service (SMS) during the period of code of conduct in the state. As per a notification by the state government, if the citizens find misuse of the SMSes by any political party that violates the code of conduct, they can contact the SCRB officials.Election Commission is conducting a series of meetings with state officials and representatives of political parties, a State Election Commission official said.Chief Election Commissioner (CEC) V S Sampath along with Election Commissioners H S Brahma and Nasim Zaidi, deputy commissioners Vinod Zutshi and P K Dash have arrived on Sunday.Assembly elections in Gujarat are scheduled to be held in two phases on December 13 and 17 and counting of votes will be held on December 20.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16998671", "title": "Car market speeds up ahead of Dhanteras", "text": "RANCHI: With Dhanteras and Diwali round the corner, car market in the state is zooming to a festive high as big carmakers leave no stone unturned to reap the most this season, considered an auspicious time for investments.Bookings for four-wheelers have increased 15 per cent to 20 per cent with discounts and festive offers acting as catalyst. \"Total bookings have reached to 52 and we expect to cross 100 by Dhanteras, which is on November 12. Usually, we sell 60 to 70 cars per month but due to the festive offers in the last 15 days, we have already booked 70 cars,\" said Rajesh Thakur, sales manager, Toyota.Toyota is giving discount of up to Rs 30,000 on the petrol version of Etios and Liva, and Rs 20,000 on Corolla Altis. \"As far as bookings are concerned, for Innova we have 22 bookings till now. For petrol version of Etios, we have eight bookings and for diesel four. For all the models of Fortuner, which come with no offer, 20 bookings have been made, especially for this diwali,\" said Thakur.Hyundai is offering discounts on many of its models. There is insurance offer of up to Rs 11,000 with Eon and Rs 10,000 with Santro. The carmaker is also giving exchange offer of up to Rs 20,000 with Eon and Rs 25,000 with Santro.\"Most of the bookings are for Eon and i10. Total number of bookings is 80 and we expect it to go up to 150 by dhanteras. Usually, we sell 90 to 100 cars. Apart from the general offers, we have discounts, like on Eon and Santro its is Rs 3,000,\" Modi added.Chevrolet has seen an increase in bookings for Spark LT and Beat. \"The new Spark was launched recently on which we are providing Rs 11,000 cash discount, and on the corporate (version) an additional discount of Rs 5,000 and non-corporate Rs 3,000. For Beat (petrol version), we are only offering discounts on accessories and an exchange offer of Rs 15,000,\" Ashok Kumar Bhagat, COO, Rahul Automobile that sells Chevrolet models.\"This diwali we thought of buying a car and the festive offers has it easier. The new Spark has been launched recently and we have planned to get a white Spark this dhanteras,\" said Dilip Kumar Mehta, a customer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17000799", "title": "Conserve &amp; Grow: The challenge is to think fresh", "text": "Environment and the idea of environmentalism \u2014 both face serious challenges in India today. The demands of a surging economy require natural resources to be used and exploited at an unprecedented rate. In a populous and poor country, these new demands on resources - land, water and what lies underneath - have aggravated the contests between different stakeholders. Villagers who want to hold on to their lands and water sources are pitted against industries that require raw material. Many of these contests are taking a violent turn. Expanding cities are eating into agrarian land. Industrial hubs are becoming public health nightmares.The forest and environmental clearances given by the Union government in recent decades are an indicator of the rate at which resources are being consumed. In the past 30 years, about 1.6 lakh hectare of forest land has been diverted for mining. Of this, about 48,537ha was diverted in the 11th fiveyear Plan alone \u2014 30% of the total forest land diverted for mining.While policymakers face the challenge of ensuring sustainable development , the idea of environmentalism itself is also in a state of flux. The era when the poor could be squashed between demands of industrial growth and imported ideas of conservation is over. A changed polity today has greater space for the most vulnerable communities to argue, fight if required, and demand their own collective and individual rights. The environment cannot be protected in the name of the poor anymore. The green movement today needs to find a way to ensure that the environment is not exploited in the name of the poor either.Then there is also the greater challenge that links nations and communities across the globe - climate change. The warming of the atmosphere threatens everybody and makes poorer people more vulnerable. Countries need to take collective action to reduce emissions from fossil fuel burning. But India and its environmental movement will have to ensure that these actions do not come at the cost of a better life for the poor.The strains and stresses of rising and highly varying consumption levels are now visible on natural habitats as well as on the poor. For them, more than anyone else, a healthy environment is a prerequisite for survival and livelihood. Clearly, people, communities and corporate houses need to abandon the fallacious debate of growth versus environment ; those who can find ways to marry the two for the benefit of the less privileged are the environmentalists this era requires.GREEN GO-AHEADIn the 11th five-year Plan period, 276 thermal power plants of 2.2 lakh MW capacity, 203 steel plants of 132mn tonnes per annum capacity and 112 cement plants with capacity to produce an additional 202mn tonnes cement every year, have got environment clearance8,734 projects have been granted forest clearance and 2 lakh hectares of forest land have been diverted119 coal mining projects have got forest clearance during this period, diverting 31,500ha of forest land \u2014 the highest number cleared in any five-year Plan since 1981", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16998781", "title": "Schools warned over display of wildlife trophies", "text": "BANGALORE: The Wildlife Crime Control Bureau (WCCB), a statutory body under the central government, has banned illegal use and display of wild animals and their trophies in laboratories or museums in schools and colleges.According to a directive issued by WCCB additional director Shyam Bhagat Negi, there were complaints of some schools and colleges illegally possessing trophies of wild animals in their laboratories and museums.The letter addressed to vice-chancellors of all universities, CBSE chairman, ICSE secretary and chief wildlife wardens of all states and union territories, pointed out that acquisition/possession of wild animals or their trophies without permission in writing from authorized officers is an offence.WCCB said the offence carried a punishment of up to seven years of imprisonment or fine or both. For any violation, the head of the institution concerned shall be held responsible and appropriate action will be taken against him.The letter also directed heads of all schools/colleges to surrender any illegal wild animals (including specimens) in their possession to the chief wildlife warden of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16999333", "title": "Beauty conscious: Beware of substandard cosmetics", "text": "VARANASI: Be aware while buying cosmetics. Cheap and spurious products are deceiving customers in the city. As wedding and winter season is around, the region might prove as a profitable and wide market. At the same time, the market is flooded with large sub-standard and misbranded cosmetics.Sharan, a cosmetic merchant in Vishwanath lane said that misbranded and cheap cosmetics are also attracting customers. These are available at lesser rates, which is hampering the sale of original products.District drug inspector Seraj Ahmed said there is no licensed cosmetic manufacturer in the district.\"The misbranded cosmetic products are mostly identified by original companies themselves. The packaging and printing on the product is done so meticulously that buyers cannot differentiate between the genuine and fake products.Last year, as per the complaint made by a company, a few shopkeepers were caught selling stuff imitating its products. Routine drives are carried out from time to time,\" Ahmed said.According to a staffer of food safety and drug administration (FDA), Varanasi is considered a profitable market for spurious cosmetics. Haraha Sarai and Dalmandi are the major areas where such products are sold. November to April is the peak season of business. A good number of people are engaged in the home industry and small-scale production of petroleum jelly, lipstick and fairness cream which do not abide the manufacturing norms.FDA facilitates customers to take a step against the inferior quality and adulterated food articles by collecting and depositing the suspected samples at the district food safety and drug department.But, there are no provision in the case of cosmetics even though the same department takes care of food and cosmetic products also.There is no deadline as in the case of the food articles for getting the reports of samples collected from suspected cosmetics.Ahmed said that reports of the drives, which were carried out last year, are still pending. Generally it takes around three to four months for the declaration of the reports.\"Most of the cheap cosmetics which were found responsible for skin troubles in patients are produced on small-scale by ungoverned, untested, profit making low budget industries. Although the side effects on the application of such cosmetics are not life threatening but it leads to severe skin troubles,\" Dr Arvind Singh, consultant dermatologist, Shiv Prasad Gupta (SPG) divisional hospital, said. application of substandard cosmetics may leave a permanent scar, pigmentation, inflammation, itching, dermatitis and even leucoderma.\"The side effects of many such lotions, base lotions, moisturizers, creams have been witnessed at divisional hospital.We have to tell the patients to check the company label and other details before buying the products. Poor quality of the raw products, especially animal fat, chemicals and colours can lead to severe skin problems. Fairness creams containing steroids are increasing the problem of acne, blackhead, pimples and other skin troubles among men and women,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16998404", "title": "Samaritan students", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: If you thought today's tech-savvy, gizmo crazy youth only spends its free time tweeting on social networking sites, chatting in swanky coffee shops or mall-crawling, a few youngsters found lending their hand to social causes will leave you pleasantly surprised. Be it showing solidarity with Anna Hazare or clearing up the mess from rivers after Durga Puja immersion, a few young men and women have been showing exemplary behaviour lately.Sameer Sahu, a student of Ravenshaw University, who along with his friends cleared a huge amount of garbage dumped in Kathojodi river during Durga Puja immersion, said, \"Initially the idea was not very appealing to me but when I saw the whole mess I did not think twice before rolling up my sleeves to clean it. I experienced a deep sense of self-satisfaction that will encourage me to do similar good work in the future.\"\"Students taking up social work is not new. But with changing lifestyle and advanced technology, students have no doubt become more glued to the virtual world than the real world around them. It is very important to motivate them to engage in constructive activities,\" said Sanjay Satpathy, lecturer of commerce in Ravenshaw University.S K Mohanty, senior teacher in Utkal University said, \"The NSS branch of educational institutes in the state has been doing remarkable work for the betterment of society. Students have been readily coming forward to help victims during natural calamities.\"Abinash Ray, a student of Xavier Institute of Management, Bhubaneswar, said social work is a part of their curriculum. \"We have to do a project on social work during which we take up various issues and problems of people living in slums or work with unprivileged children. The project is a learning process through which we can see a world very different from ours and in a small way try to bring some happiness in the lives of the unprivileged,\" he said.In KIIT University, students of various technical branches contribute their service at KISS, a free residential school for over 15,000 tribal children. \"Students teach these children and also help them in learning computers and various games,\" said a university official.According to Sujit Mahapatra, founder of Bakul Foundation, an organization promoting volunteer work, \"It has become almost fashionable to engage in social work. Many youngsters find it cool to be associated with a social cause while many do it for being appreciated by their peer groups.\"Puja Mishra, a post graduate in commerce, who has been working with Bakul since a couple of years, said, \"My life has changed after joining Bakul. Here I don't get any remuneration but working for some cause gives me a different kind of feeling. This is probably the only significant thing I have done in my life so far.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16998337", "title": "Probe 'extortion' charge, court tells Tihar chief", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has ordered the Director General of Prisons (Tihar) to look into an allegation of extortion by a senior medical officer of the jail from ailing undertrials while referring them to government hospitals.Chief metropolitan magistrate Vidya Parkash sought the DG's (Prison) \"indulgence\" into the matter on a complaint by jailed undertrial Harshad Alam, and after the jail superintendent had failed to respond to the court's notice dated October 8 on Alam's plea.In his plea, Alam had alleged that the senior medical officer of Jail 1 was adopting the method of extortion to provide him medical treatment and for referring him to a government hospital for better medical treatment of his heart and lung ailments.The CMM gave the direction to the DG (Prisons) noting that no reply had been filed on his notice to the jail superintendent for a proper inquiry into Alam's allegations and to furnish a report on it. \"Keeping in view the fact that no report/reply has been received from concerned superintendent of jail no. 1 despite specific directions issued by the court on October 8, court is of the view that the matter requires indulgence of DG, Prisons so that remedial measures, if any, may be taken in respect of providing proper medical treatment to undertrial prisoners in accordance with law,\" the CMM said.The CMM also directed the DG (Prisons) to \"personally look into the allegations made by Alam and to take appropriate action if any in accordance with law\" and also ensure \"proper medical treatment is provided to him as may be advised by the concerned doctor without any fail\".Alam, a cheating and forgery case accused lodged in Tihar jail, had in his plea said that he suffers from an enlarged heart and \"pleural thickening\" of left lung for which he was being treated at Govind Ballabh Pant Hospital and AIIMS but \"the same were stopped and the SMO demanded money from him to continue treatment at the hospitals.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16999438", "title": "Paramilitary scrounges for recruits", "text": "NEW DELHI: As if high attrition was not enough to dent the morale of forces fighting Naxalites , paramilitary forces are now facing a serious problem in recruitment \u2014 especially from Naxal-affected, tribal, northeast and border areas. Up to 90% of vacancies in these areas have remained unfilled.To tide over the problem, the government has now asked the forces not to carry forward troubled area or tribal quota vacancies but fill them the same year through recruitment rallies specifically targeting those areas.The government has been pushing for recruitment from troubled areas, as it not only aids operations through local knowledge but also helps wean away recruits for extremists. Local recruits also help build credibility of forces among people in the troubled areas. For this, the government has fixed quotas for these areas which can be filled only by local people.However, the objective has largely remained unfulfilled, specially in the case of Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF), the largest force engaged in anti-Naxal operations. Of the 2,075 such vacancies in CRPF from states such as Andhra Pradesh, Jharkhand, Chhattisgarh, Nagaland, Mizoram and Tripura, only 254 have been filled in 2011-2012.The situation is worst in AP with 1,080 of 1,180 vacancies from Naxal-affected areas going unfilled. Jharkhand follows closely with only 86 of 535 vacancies filled while Chhattisgarh does a tad better with 49 of 174 vacancies filled. Most northeast states have failed to reach double figures.The situation is no better for the BSF where such vacancies range between 25-50%. \"In areas such as Andhra Pradesh, we never get more than 50% vacancies filled. The problem is not just of people failing the test but even applying. The response is low. On the other hand, in states such as Bihar and Uttar Pradesh, there is a problem of plenty. Exam cut-offs go up to 80% in these areas,\" a BSF official involved with recruitments said.Sources said the government is aware of the problem and wants to solve it. For this, the government has introduced a third language (any local language) in the Staff Selection Commission (SSC) exams, through which paramilitary selects candidates, apart from Hindi and English and relaxed physical and medical norms.\"Even this has not helped much and so the government wants to target these areas through special recruitment rallies and stop the carry-forward of vacancies,\" the BSF official said.There are others, however, who believe that the recruitment system itself needs to change. A senior CRPF officer said, \"As long as selection is done through SSC, tribals and people from troubled areas will find it difficult to get into the force. The problem is of educational facilities in these areas. Where there is no road, no school, how do you find educated candidates? The problem is more social than related to the forces.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "faridkot", "code": "16999454", "title": "Faridkot minor girl taken for 'cladestine' medical test", "text": "FARIDKOT: Police produced the kidnapped minor girl, who has been lodged in Jalandhar Nari Niketan, in the court of special magistrate in Faridkot late on Sunday evening. Following court orders, she was cladestinely taken for medical examination in medical college without intimating the girl's parents. \"Police acted on the sly and we doubt if she is safe in police custody,\" the parents said.However, SSP Gurpreet Singh Tur told the media that the girl had herself asked them in writing to be taken for a medical examination as she was not feeling well.Sources said the girl was medically examined by doctors of gynaecology department in presence of deputy commissioner Faridkot Ravi Bhagat, the SSP and other senior official of the district administration.When the girl's family and members of Gundagardi Virodhi Saanjhi Action Committee (GVSAC) got a whiff of the medical test, they rushed to the medical college and demanded that the minor girl be handed over to her parents. Questioning the police action, they started a dharna in front of the hospital and raised slogans.\"She wrote an application to the court that she was unwell. Acting on it, she was produced before the special magistrate. The medical examination was conducted on court's order,\" Tur said.However, the parents alleged, \"Our daughter has been in illegal custody of police and she is not safe. If she was not feeling well then why was she not medically examined at Jalandhar. There are good doctors and hospitals there. And if she had to be brought in Faridkot, why weren't we informed. Police wants to keep us away from our daughter.\"\"The police and government are acting irresponsibly,\" alleged members of action committee.A heavy police force and quick reaction teams were deputed at the hospital in the night. Meanwhile, members of the action committee held a meeting at Bathinda on Sunday to decide the future course of action. The members announced that they would stage a dharna on November 9 in Bathinda. They also said that the parents would move the high court very soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16999383", "title": "Torchbearers of a vibrant culture", "text": "KOCHI: The nature of the Kannadigas to mingle with any community while retaining their own identity has been the sole reason why they connect with city despite the Malayali not being as forthcoming as he would be, when he resides outside the state. So, even though they feel lost in the city during festive occasions like Ganesh Chaturti or Nag Panchami that are major festive occasions in Karnataka, the Kannada Sangha Cochin organizes public programmes so that other people can join the festivities.\"Most of us, who settle here after marriage, experience a culture shock as there are no festive occasions that are in tune with the rest of the country. So we have formed a women's wing that ensures that we do not forget our culture and traditions,\" said Charulatha S, who came to Kochi over 20 years ago when her family settled here.The womenfolk meet every month at one home where they spend time together. \"Children are also part of this routine and this is where the transition of tradition and culture happens. Since most people, including women work, we try to organise our meet on holidays so that everybody can participate,\" she said.But Shivnath Kowdy, who has been here for a longer period, said: \"Kerala is unique in the sense that Onam and Vishu are not celebrated anywhere else in the country. We too celebrate Onam with pookkalam, thiruvathirakali and sadya. Every Kannadiga, who is a member, comes to our centre in Panampilly Nagar and joins the celebrations if he is in town. Our children perform thiruvathirakali and pookkalam competition is a big event. When rest of Kerala is having its Onasadya, we also enjoy a sumptuous feast.\"Kowdy, who is also an adviser to the Kannada Sangha, said that association hosts at least one programme every month - a talk, discussion or cultural event - so that members stay connected.\"We organize our Navratri programmes with the Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan and medical camps with Lions Club of Cochin. We also invite state ministers for our functions. We also celebrate common occasions with other organizations since we are also a part of this city and state,\" he said.Set up in 1965, the Sangha will complete its silver jubilee in 2015.With support from the information department of the government of Karnataka and Udayavahini, they organize three-day programmes on the occasion of the Kannada Rajyotsva that falls on November 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16999582", "title": "Takshila Utsav begins on Friday", "text": "PATNA: It would be a great experience for Patnaites to witness a 'jugalbandi' of two stalwarts of Indian classical Hindustani music and dance tradition - Girija Devi, the living legend of thumri, and legendary Kathak dancer Pundit Birju Maharaj - during the third three-day Takshila Utsav commencing here from November 2 on the premises of College of Arts and Crafts.The finale of Takshila Utsav will be cherished by music and dance lovers. Girija Devi is gifted with mellifluous voice and is proficient in different genres of Hindustani vocal music like khayal, thumri, dadra, chaiti, tappa and kajari. Among countless awards she has received are the prestigious Padma Bhushan and the Tansen awards. The living legend of kathak, Pundit Birju Maharaj, who is equally at ease in singing and playing tabla, would also be performing.The first day of Takshila Utsav 2012 will begin with the opening of an exhibition of imprints of MF Hussain's timeless works. The exhibition will continue throughout the Utsav at Takshila art gallery here at the College of Arts and Crafts.The first artist to perform will be vocalist Vidya Shah, known for her captivating voice. Shah has acquired a rich repertoire of Sufi and Bhakti music. She also enjoys composing on her own. She has performed at various national and international forums and has worked with international names.Born in a family of illustrious musicians, Wajahat Hussain Khan Badayuni and his troupe would be performing qawwali. The second day of the utsav will feature two great young classical vocalists. The first performance will be by Sandipan Samajpati, who has received extensive 'taleem' for about two decades from Pandit Manas Chakraborty. It will be followed by that of Manjiri Asnare Kelkar. Born in a traditional music family, Kelkar has inherited the rich tradition from Pt. Kanetkar, doyen of the Jaipur gharana. With numerous prizes under her belt, Kelkar has received wide acclaim for her performances at Sawai Gandharva music festival, Megh-Malhar and Tansen samaroh and at many other concerts.The festival is being organized under the aegis of Takshila Educational Society (TES), the promoter of Delhi Public School (Patna, Pune, Ludhiana and Coimbatore). \"We have been organizing 'Takshila Utsav', 'Takshila Bhakti Utsav', 'Ninad', 'Mushaira Jashn-e-Bahar' and other such events for several years,\" said Sanjiv Kumar, vice-chairman of the DPS Society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16997427", "title": "Historic Nagardhan fort in a shambles", "text": "NAGPUR: The wall of the historic Nagardhan fort near Ramtek caved in on October 7 due to negligence and substandard work material, archaeology experts have alleged.The fort is believed to have been built between 300 and 40BC by the Gond kings. But during the reign of Bhonsalas, it was renovated on a regular basis, till about 300 years ago. The Wakatak-era fort has become a picture of utter neglect even as it was being protected under the Maharashtra Ancient Monuments and Archaeological Sites and Remains Act, 1960.A visit to the site, about 50 kilometres away from Nagpur and eight kilometres away from Ramtek, paints a grim picture with debris and garbage strewn all over the huge premises with no cleaning work taken place for a long time. Outside, shrubs and bushes have grown threatening the entire historic structure.Experts, who did not wish to be named, told TOI that about five to six years ago, State Archaeology and Museum Directorate officials did some renovation work with the help of private contractors on the fort. Substandard material was used to plaster the walls which caved in on the western side.During rainy season, water percolated inside the old walls leading to its fall. Experts alleged a big nexus between contractors and the directorate officials in getting the renovation work done and siphoning off huge amount of money from the central and state government funds. Inside, the officials have plastered the walls with reinforced concrete (RCC) clearly flouting rules of conserving the heritage structures.The directorate's office in Civil Lines in the city failed to appoint a technical expert, having specialization in renovating heritage structures, to supervise the operations on the site and only petty contractors and workers were engaged for such an important and delicate work. With apathy and negligence, the fort has also become a den of illegal activities.Contractor Pravin Dhomne, appointed by the directorate to undertake renovation worked of the fort, blamed it on Manganese Ore India Limited (MOIL) for caving in of the wall portion.According to head of Nagpur University's Ancient History Department, Pradip Meshram, the directorate's apathy and concretizing of the heritage structure have completely destroyed the fort's originality. \"Its beauty is nowhere to be seen now. They can use cement, but under compulsion that it shouldn't change the original structure. Concretization has completely destroyed the old beautiful sculptures,\" he said.He also confirmed that the fort has now become a haven for illegal activities with lovebirds thronging the place, apart from gamblers.History of the fortSituated in the old town, the Wakatak-era fort was established by Suryavanshi king. Earlier, it was known as Nandivardhan and was believed to be the ancient capital of Vidarbha region. The square-shaped palace has eight towers for installing canons all over. An ancient underground well still lies inside the fort and houses an old temple of goddess Tulja Bhawani. The fort is illuminated and decorated only during nine-day Navaratri festival as lakhs of devotees visit the place to have darshan of the goddess. When TOI visited the spot, the renovation and beautification of the temple was underway.MOIL denies chargeA senior official from MOIL has categorically denied the allegations of the directorate that the wall had collapsed due to blasting at their nearby mines. \"We have underground mines in the Beladongri area, and therefore, there is no question that it will impact the fort which is three kilometres away from the mining areas,\" the official, who didn't wish to be named, told TOI. He added that the directorate officials were simply passing the buck on MOIL for hiding their own bungling and negligence. \"Just visit the site and you will come to know about substandard work being done there. None of their senior officials visit the fort having huge tourism potential,\" he said, adding that MOIL will be serving legal notice to the directorate for unnecessarily dragging their name into the controversy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16999605", "title": "Civic body gets MPCB rap for flouting norms at dump sites", "text": "The Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (MPCB) has issued a prosecution notice to the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) for violating solid waste rules and flouting environmental norms at its dumping grounds in the city.The notice was issued after a series of visits by MPCB officials to the Mulund and Deonar dumping grounds revealed that waste was being dumped in an unscientific way, leading to air and water pollution. The MPCB has invoked various sections of the air and water pollution control Act and the environmental protection Act and has also pulled up the BMC for non-compliance of the Municipal Solid Waste (Management and Handling) Rules, 2000.MPCB said quality analysis on collected samples had revealed that BMC contractors hadn't been segregating waste at the dumping grounds. Leachate collection systems were absent and untreated effluents were being discarded in the nearby Thane creek. \"Civic officials and contractors running the dumping grounds have shown complete disregard for environment norms,\" said Stalin D, project director of NGO Vanshakti, which has been fighting the plans for the Kanjurmarg dumping site.The BMC is currently in the process of scientifically shutting down the 80-year-old Deonar dumping ground, while a bio-methanization plant is being readied inside the Mulund dumping ground. The Kanjurmarg ground is a fresh site where a sanitary landfill system is being created. Of the 6,500 metric tonne of garbage generated daily, 4,000 metric tonne is sent to Deonar and the rest to Mulund.When the Mulund dumping ground was inspected in May, it was found that waste was being dumped unscientifically at the 25-year-old site, foul smell was evident and work on a bio-methanization plant had also not begun. There was no provision to collect leachate (slurry) at the ground, due to which surrounding areas and ground water levels were getting contaminated.The notice issued by the MPCB (of which TOI has a copy) says there have been several instances in the past when the BMC has not replied to notices pointing out violations. This time as well, no senior BMC officers were present for the hearing of the prosecution notice. The MPCB has since asked the civic body to submit to it a time-bound program on how it plans to correct its methods of dumping waste.The BMC on its part has been ditched by contractors, so work on all the grounds is behind schedule and not up to the mark. Additional civic chief Mohan Adtani said the BMC is exploring legal options to deal with contractors. and is planning to introduce newer, more effective technology to deal with waste.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17004008", "title": "Smoking will 'kill a billion people worldwide this century'", "text": "LONDON: The half-trillion-dollar tobacco industry, likened to a terrorist movement, will kill up to a billion people worldwide this century due to smoking, unless the governments clamp down on the perpetrators, experts warn.Smoking is described as the biggest public health disaster in the history of the world as it kills more than half of smokers, mostly from cancer.John Seffrin, chief executive of the American Cancer Society, who was speaking at a high-level forum of the world's 100 leading cancer experts gathered in the Swiss resort of Lugano, who issued a stark warning to governments worldwide.Experts said governments must do far more than they have done to control the global tobacco industry, either by raising cigarette prices dramatically, outlawing tobacco marketing or by taxing the multinational profits of the big cigarette firms.Scientists have calculated that smoking kills more than half of abusers, mostly from cancer, and yet despite it being the single biggest avoidable risk of premature death, there are about 30 million new smokers a year, they said.Experts note that if current trends continue, with cigarette companies targeting the non-smoking populations of the developing world, then hundreds of millions of people will be dying of cancer in the second half of this century.The experts called for an outright ban on cigarettes and for the tobacco industry to be treated as a terrorist movement for the way it targets new markets with a product that it knows to be deadly when used as intended.\"We have a major global industry producing a product that is lethal to at least half the people who use it. It will kill, if current trends continue, a billion people this century,\" said Seffrin.\"It killed 100 million in the last century and we thought that was outrageous, but this will be the biggest public health disaster in the history of the world, bar none. It all could be avoided if we could prevent the terroristic tactics of the tobacco industry in marketing its products to children,\" Seffrin told The Independent.\"There is a purposeful intent to market a product that they know full well will harm their customers and over time will kill more than half of them. The industry needs to be reined in and regulated,\" he told the paper.Tobacco causes about 22 per cent of cancer deaths each year, worldwide, killing some 1.7 million people, with almost 1 million of them dying from lung cancer, the paper said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17003748", "title": "Emphasis will be on quick decisions, investments: Oil minister Veerappa Moily", "text": "NEW DELHI: Stepping into a ministry that had in recent times become notoriously indecisive, the new oil minister M Veerappa Moily on Monday promised quick decisions and creating an environment conducive for investment to flow in. Moily, 72, who replaced S Jaipal Reddy , said his priority would be to intensify domestic oil and gas exploration to reduce import dependence that had played havoc with inflation.\"Emphasis will be on quick decision making and innovation. Decisions should not be delayed. Delaying decisions will cost the nation. We do not want any delay in decisions,\" he said after taking charge.Lauding his predecessor, under whom the ministry was accused of being indecisive and almost halting oil and gas exploration, Moily said Reddy had done \"wonderful job, setting highest standard of probity in administration\".\"Many a times it happens (that) you avoid taking decisions. That is not a solution. Avoiding or delaying decision is not a solution. And this is where we need to very seriously work on,\" said Moily, who was previously Minister for Power and Corporate Affairs.Decisions, he said, would be taken keeping the national interest in mind and not to be \"benefit one or two individuals or companies.\"Laying out priorities, Moily said a conducive environment would be created for domestic and foreign companies to explore for oil and gas so as India's import dependence, which is at an alarming level of 80 per cent, is reduced.Also, the vexed issue of losses state retailers suffer on selling fuel below cost will be addressed by bringing in efficiencies and not by cutting subsidies.\"Investment will have to be attracted through conducive policy environment... We need to create that kind of confidence with the investors that this is the country that (should be their) investment destination,\" Moily said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "17001991", "title": "Over dozen hospitalised for food poisoning", "text": "THANE: Fourteen persons mostly kids were taken ill following suspected food poisoning in Palghar town, after they consumed meals at an engagement party, police said.The incident took place late last evening when those affected complained of giddiness and vomiting after they ate food at a party in the afternoon, they said.They were immediately rushed to the Dhavale Nursing home, where they were hospitalised.Samples of food served to around 300 guests at the party have been sent for testing, police said.No offence has been registered with the local police so far and investigations are on", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16998098", "title": "I-League: Mohun Bagan edge out Air India", "text": "PUNE: It was scrappy and ugly, but anyone having anything to do with Mohun Bagan would tell you that the club's 1-0 win over Air India, at the Balewadi Stadium here on Sunday, was as beautiful as it could get. It meant the first points of the season for the Kolkata club after two defeats, and more importantly, an escape from the unfamiliar air of life at the bottom of the table.Sprawled on the turf in the box, Odafa Okolie's attempt out of desperation in the 67th minute took a deflection off Air India's Micky Fernandes before trickling past 'keeper Jagroop Singh to leave the Mumbai club with no points from three games.Air India would be fair in feeling hard done by the result, considering their refusal to sit back and soak in everything being thrown at them. A bunch of plucky youngsters, the Mumbai team wasn't afraid of suffering on a counter, and attacked with promise when the chance came. Bagan fluffed the chance of an early lead when Cyprian Okoroigwe, who had only the 'keeper to beat, foolishly played Odafa who was off-side by a yard. Air India too had a goal ruled off-side when Gagandeep Singh seemed to have smartly tapped home from a free-kick.With an ankle injury on match eve ruling striker Tolgay Ozbey out, Odafa had no company ahead and for most part of the game, he did cut a very lonely figure. Always trying to do things alone, the Nigerian spent most of the game moping when he was robbed of possession and chiding teammates when he didn't get enough of the ball.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16998558", "title": "He now has to get Cong's house in order", "text": "NEW DELHI: For Ajay Maken , his new ministry - housing and urban poverty alleviation - may not be as glamorous as information and broadcasting which he was speculated to get but it is politically more sensitive, considering the thrust on urban poor.With Congress losing support in urban areas, mainly among low-income group and those living below the poverty line, the ministry could turn out to be a game-changer for the ruling party in the next general elections if Maken is successful in implementing the proposed scheme for providing employment opportunities for urban poor and slum-dwellers.After reaping electoral success in 2009 on the back of the rural employment guarantee scheme, the government plans to launch a National Urban Livelihood Mission (NULM), aiming to create job opportunities for the urban poor in the 12th five year plan.It will be interesting to see if Maken can prevail over the government and accelerate the launch of the scheme proposed by his new ministry which will require a Rs 20,000 crore budget to roll out.According to ministry data, 93 million urban residents are estimated to live in slums. Giving livelihood and houses to millions of slum-dwellers will be Maken's biggest challenge.His other major challeng will be fast-tracking the Rajiv Awas Yojana, the scheme aimed to provide houses for slum-dwellers under JNNURM on the lines of Indira Awas Yojana for rural poor.The tepid response of private sector towards low cost housing is a major area of concern which Maken will have to urgently address.Getting states to implement urban sector reforms such as assigning property rights to people living in slums, making private developers reserve 25% land or houses for urban poor, rationalization of stamp duty, repeal of urban land ceiling and regulation Act and reform in rent control Act will be other tasks before Maken.With urban areas facing a shortage of 18 million units, mainly for low-income group and the poor, the new minister will have to take steps including nation-wide support to civic agencies to build rental homes, amending the archaic rent control act and declaring the sector an industry.The ministry has been tasked with carrying out socio-economic census to identify the poor living in urban areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "16999583", "title": "No bus to drive Mohali ahead", "text": "MOHALI: The Punjab government has been expanding Mohali at a vigorous pace, but the services in the district remain substandard. Moreover, for important services like public transport, Mohali remains dependant on neighbouring Chandigarh. Mohali has no bus service of its own and commuters have to solely depend upon the buses run by Chandigarh Transport Undertaking (CTU).The UT limits being CTU's priority, Mohali does not get required frequency of buses and commuters have to depend upon auto rickshaws.Mohali Phase V resident Gurtej Singh said the state government is developing a bus stand of global standards at Phase VI in Mohali, but ironically, it hasn't thought of a bus service for the city yet, leaving the residents to suffer. \"With the increase of infrastructure and population, a city needs to be equipped with better services. As far as public transport is considered, Mohali residents are solely dependent on private carriers,\" said Phase IX resident Harpreet Singh.Commuting by sharing an auto \"seems like getting into hell\" to Sector 70 resident Sukhman Kaur, who commutes to her office in Phase I every day. \"The auto drivers stuff as many as eight to 10 people and we don't really have an option but to suffer as there is no other public transport available,\" she said.\"I take an auto only when I am running late for work as the auto drivers charge unfair amounts if you are not sharing it with others,\" said Phase VII resident Karambir Singh.Phase III resident Mandeep Singh boards a bus from Chandigarh after his coaching classes, which drops him at the outskirts of Mohali. \"From there, I have no choice but to take an auto for my home,\" he said.\"Either the district administration should start a city bus service for Mohali or they must get CTU to improve their service here,\" added Phase X resident Suman Sharma.Residents do understand that Chandigarh would be CTU's priority. \"But Mohali too, is an integral part of the Tricity and deserves good public transport at least,\" said Amarjeet Singh, who resides in Phase I.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17000673", "title": "Mysore may soon have a planetarium", "text": "MYSORE: The decision of the department of science and technology to start planetaria in all city corporations has made Mysoreans a happy lot. S&T; minister Anand Asnotikar has recently announced that planetaria will come up in Mysore, Davanagere, Gulbarga, Mangalore, Bellary and Belgaum in the coming days.Welcoming the government's decision, social worker and environmentalist Vasanth Kumar said: \"Earlier, people had to go to Bangalore to know about stars and the universe. Jawaharlal Planetarium has been attracting lakhs of people, including schoolchildren. It helps them understand astronomy. The planetarium is on every tourist's must-visit list. It's heartening to see a similar facility in Mysore in the near future,\" he said, and added that it will add to the long list of tourist places that the Royal City already has.Children in the city are keen to know about astronomy, comets, stars, solar eclipses and planetary transitions.\"Having a planetarium here helps them in their academic growth. It will also add another feather to the Heritage City's cap,\" he added.He suggested that it is essential to build the planetarium in a suitable location.\"The city is facing traffic-related problems nowadays. The planetarium should not add to that. The place adjacent to Sri Jayachamarajendra Zoological Garden is ideal as zoo visitors, especially children, would get easy access to the planetarium too.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "moscow", "code": "17004920", "title": "Bosnian man walks 5,650 km on pilgrimage to Mecca", "text": "MOSCOW: A 47-year-old Bosnian Muslim has covered a staggering 5,650 kilometres on foot to reach the holy city of Mecca to perform the annual Hajj pilgrimage.Senad Hadzic reportedly took 10 months to reach the Muslim holy city in southwestern Saudi Arabia crossing Serbia, Bulgaria, Turkey, Jordan as well as war-torn Syria during his walking journey.\"There was not a day, which was easy. Every day was difficult,\" Hadzic, who reached Saudi Arabia several days ago, told journalists, Ria Novosti reported.Hadzic left on foot the town of Banovici, in the northeast of Bosnia-Herzegovina, in December carrying an amount of approximately 200 euros (around $260) and a backpack weighing about 20 kilogrammes.During his 314-days sojourn, he had to face many difficulties.In December he had to suffer frosts of -35 degrees Celsius, while crossing Bulgaria, the agency reported.Hadzic said the most difficult stretch of his journey was in Syria, where an ongoing bloody conflict since last year between the ruling authorities and opposition already claimed, according to UN estimates, between 20,000 and 30,000 lives, the report said.He said problems started already on the Syrian border and after that Hadzic had to negotiate repeatedly either with government troops or with rebels as he was crossing the country.\"One of the Syrian soldiers asked me to pray for him in Mecca if I manage to survive,\" Hadzic said.Haj is one of the five pillars of Islam and every able bodied Muslim who can afford to travel to Mecca is expected to perform the pilgrimage at least once in his or her lifetime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17000366", "title": "An entrepreneurial ecosystem is the future roadmap", "text": "An entrepreneurial ecosystem is the future roadmap. Tirna Ray reports on the fifth edition of the World Entrepreneurship Forum , which was held in Lyon, France, from October 24-27With the world changing at a radical pace, the 21century will need more entrepreneurs than ever in all domains. While the need to create more jobs is becoming imperative against an uncertain global economy, it is equally important to ensure that the jobs are socially, economically and environmentally sustainable. To achieve this goal, an entrepreneurial ecosystem is the future roadmap.With this in mind, the fifth edition of the World Entrepreneurship Forum, held in Lyon, France (October 24-27), brought together social, business and institutional entrepreneurs, academicians and policy-makers , among other stakeholders, to focus on a new development model, which reconciles wealth creation with social justice. As Caroline Le Brun, director, emphasised, the strength of the forum lies in bringing together people from all walks of life.How do ecosystems adapt, depending on the abundance or scarcity of resources in their environment? Can an innovative idea that functions in one ecosystem be transplanted to another? How to foster needs-driven entrepreneurial communities at the base of the pyramid? These were some of the issues discussed by the delegates at the forum from around 59 countries.The forum was born in Evian in 2008 from a simple idea - there will be an increasing need for entrepreneurs in the years to come. As Tugrul Atamer, vice-president , EMLYON Business School, France, and one of the founding co-presidents of the forum pointed out, \"In the coming years, the world will be facing the most important discontinuities and challenges of our history since the first industrial revolution and only entrepreneurs can turn these challenges into opportunities.\"As to the relevance of the forum, five years later, Inderjit Singh, chairman, Enterprise Committee; board member, NTU (Nanyang Technological University) and member of Parliament, Singapore , said that one may have a great idea, but the ecosystem can be challenging . \"The world seems to be having similar kind of problems. Hence, if we can all come together, we may be able to build an ecosystem, which is conducive to entrepreneurship.\"The forum has, to date, issued three white papers (Encouraging social and commercial entrepreneurship: what can governments do; the world in 2050; Entrepreneurship, a driver for innovation and technology) and 50 proposals. According to Sibongile Sambo, managing director, SRS Aviation, South Africa, who has been attending the forum for the last five years, it has helped her as an entrepreneur to share ideas and network with people from across the world.As to the forum's vision in the next five years, it aims to become the leading platform in the domain, enhance governance and decision-making and shape the world by 2050 with an entrepreneurial impact.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16998863", "title": "Union cabinet rejig seen as a poll pitch in Karnatake", "text": "BANGALORE: Karnataka's deal in the Union cabinet reshuffle on Sunday is said to be good both in terms of representation and the portfolios considering the state has only 10 Congress MPs (six in Lok Sabha and four in the Rajya Sabha) with four of them figuring in the ministry.By inducting veteran leader K Rahman Khan in place of SM Krishna, the Congress is aiming at strengthening their traditional vote base - Backward-Dalit-Minority(BDM) -- in the state, which is due for assembly elections next year.Even in the state unit set up, two powerful party posts of party president and Congress Legislature Party (CLP) leader are held by a dalit and a backward respectively. While G Parameshwara is the KPCC chief, Siddaramaiah is the CLP leader.Rahman Khan's induction is also seen as a way of wooing Muslims in Karnataka who are upset with the Congress party over many issues. Khan has been given minority welfare with cabinet status.Mallikarjun Kharge and KH Muniyappa are dalits and hold labour and micro, small and medium enterprises respectively. M Veerappa Moily, a backward, has been given the all important portfolio of petroleum and natural gas.Krishna, who resigned before the cabinet rejig, belongs to the major - Vokkaliga - community. However, the Congress leadership has ensured that Mandya district, heartland of Vokkaligas and Cauvery, has been represented by inducting Khan, who hails from KR Pet in the same district.The petroleum portfolio is seen as an elevation for Moily, who was moved from law to corporate affairs and energy. The portfolio is important for Karnataka as Gas Authority of India Ltd (GAIL) and Karnataka State Industrial Infrastructure Development Corp (KSIIDC) have formed a joint venture company to set up a city gas distribution (CGD) network for Bangalore households and fuel for CNG-run vehicles.GAIL is laying a 2,500 km natural gas pipeline covering Karnataka, Kerala, Tamil Nadu and Maharashtra at an estimated cost of Rs10,000 crore, inculding the Dabhol-Bangalore pipeline at an investment of Rs 5,000 crore and Kochi-Bangalore pipeline at an investment of Rs 3,782 crore. These gas pipelines would function as energy lifelines for the state.Filed anil/cleared naheed", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16998583", "title": "Dial 108 for ambulance", "text": "ALLAHABAD: If you need an ambulance, just dial 108 and the vehicle will be at your doorstep. To offer better medical facilities, the health department has deployed 20 ambulances on the city's entry/exit points and highways. The aim is to provide immediate medical assistance to patients in need, especially victims of road accidents.Additional CMO, NRHM, Dr Chandal Lal said ambulances will be available within 25km radius as well as city entry/exit points. All ambulances will be equipped with life saving equipment along with para-medical staff. One para-medical staff, driver, and medicines will be available round the clock on the highways. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17001825", "title": "BCCI floats tender for new IPL title sponsor", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) on Monday initiated the process of finding a new title sponsor for the Indian Premier League by floating tender notices for the same.After realty firm DLF ended its five-year-long association with the IPL as the title sponsor in August, the BCCI has formally started looking for a replacement.\"Under this invitation to tender, the winning bidder will be granted the right to be Title Sponsor of the Indian Premier League for the five seasons from 2013 to 2017,\" the tender notice issued by the Board in leading newspapers stated.\"The Title Sponsor rights include a number of branding and other marketing benefits to be received by the Title Sponsor at every IPL match during the season as specifically outlined in the Invitation to Tender,\" it added.The notice made it clear that companies which intend to sell off the rights after winning the bid are ineligible to apply in the first place.\"Bids may be submitted in respect of all product categories listed in the Invitation to Tender. Only corporate entities, whether in India or abroad, which are interested in placing a bid for themselves and/or their holding or subsidiary company(ies), for the purpose of the advertisement and promotion of their own brands within their primary product or services categories are eligible to participate in this tender process and to submit bids.\"For the sake of clarity, agencies intending to sell the rights to another corporate entity are not eligible to participate in this tender,\" it said.Bids would be accepted by the Board till November 21.\"The Invitation to Tender can be acquired on any working day between 10am to 6pm from Saturday, October 27 at the BCCI office, Cricket Centre, Wankhede Stadium, D Road, Churchgate, Mumbai 400020, upon payment of Rs 2,00,000 (non-refundable and non- adjustable) by Demand Draft or pay order (both payable in Pune) favouring The Board of Control for Cricket in India.Bids must be submitted at 11:30am (IST) on November 21, 2012.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17004555", "title": "Anonymous threatens to shut down Facebook, Zynga", "text": "LONDON: Notorious internet hacking group Anonymous has reportedly threatened to shut down Zynga and Facebook, after the gaming giant announced it was laying off five per cent of its workforce.The group announced in a YouTube video that it is targeting the San Francisco based company because of 'the outrageous treatment of their employees and their actions against many developers.'Slamming the tech firm for slashing its employee base while sitting on 'billion dollars cash,' the hackers threatened to release games it has stolen from Zynga's server.The hacking collective said it would shut down both Zynga and Facebook on November 5, the Daily Mail reports.The threat comes after Zynga unveiled a restructuring plan in the wake of its disappointing third quarter earnings report on October 24.Zynga CEO Mark Pincus announced last week it would lay off five per cent of its workforce, of approximately 3,000, shutting down its office in Boston and slashing the staff at the company's Austin branch.The website has created popular games such as FarmVille and Words With Friends for Facebook.According to the paper, the gaming unit accounted for 14 per cent of Facebook's total revenue for the first six months of 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17003332", "title": "Haryana Board of Tech Education reduces pass percentage", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Haryana State Board of Technical Education has decided to do away with the system of grace marks and reduced the pass percentage from 35 to 33.In a written communication addressed to all Principals of government, government-aided and self-financing polytechnics, the HSBTE has said there would be no provision of grace marks from the examinations in 2012-2013, irrespective of any batch, and pass percentage is reduced to 33 per cent from 35.Any notification previously issued regarding grace marks shall stand cancelled, an HSBTE spokesman said here on Monday.He said a candidate would be declared passed if he or she obtained at least 33 per cent marks in each theory paper and 40 per cent in each practical examination.A student would be promoted to next semester or class irrespective of number of times she reappears in different subjects, but she would not be allowed admission in fifth semester if she has not cleared all the sessionals and final theory of exams as well as practicals of first semester.Also, a student would not be allowed admission in sixth semester if he or she has not cleared theory and practicals of second semester.All the students having reappeared in first semester would appear in November/December 2012 examination as per the new syllabus, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "jamshedpur/hazaribagh", "code": "16998677", "title": "Tuskers trample 2 to death", "text": "Jamshedpur/Hazaribagh: Two persons were killed in separate incidents at Jamshedpur and Hazaribagh by different herds of elephants on Sunday. Following this, irate residents of Jamshedpur blocked national highway 33 (Ranchi-Jamshedpur) for over an hour. The elephants even destroyed standing crop and houses at both the places.The blockade snarled up the traffic all day. Jharkhand assembly speaker C P Singh too got stuck on NH 33, en route to Ranchi. The villagers were demanding compensation for the victim trampled to death by a herd of wild elephants under the Ichagarh police station area in adjoining Seraikela-Kharswan district on Saturday night.The road blocked was removed in an hour after Rs 25000 was paid to the agitators by the district forest department. \"This is part of the total Rs 2 lakh compensation that will be paid to the victim's family after completion of the compensatory norms,\" said Chandil forest ranger C N Trivedi.Fifty-year-old Aminchand Mahato was trampled to death by a herd of wild elephants at village Shankardih, about 500mt from NH-33, in Ichagarh on the border of Khunti village. Mahato was killed when the villagers were chasing away the wild elephants to the Dalma sanctuary, a natural habitat of the elephants.The wild elephants, 12 in number, also damaged the paddy fields spread over several acres of land. \"The elephants descended on the field around 9pm, and thereafter, for nearly two hours they continued destroying the crop until the villagers chased them away,\" said a local villager.A similar incident occurred at Ichak in Hazaribagh, where a herd of wild elephants trampled a 45-year-old farmer Sarju Mahto to death. He was trying to save his crops and property.DFO, T Thanga Pandiyan said, \"We have registered an FIR in this regard and paid an ex-gratia payment of Rs 10,000 to the kin of deceased. His name has been recommended for payment of balance of Rs 1.90 lakh as per the norms laid down under the Forest Act for relatives of those killed by wild animals. The name of one family member of the deceased will be recommended for government services.\"Elephants also destroyed the houses and crops of five other families who have received compensations ranging from Rs 2000 to 15,000, depending on the extent of the damage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16998271", "title": "Rs 11.30 lakh relief for man hurt in mishap", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man who suffered \"100% loss of functional ability\" after he was hit a rashly-driven car, has been awarded Rs 11.30 lakh as compensation by a motor accident claims tribunal in the capital.The tribunal asked ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Ltd, with which the offending vehicle was insured, to pay Rs 11,30,207 to Chander Pal (31) of south Delhi.The order came on Pal's complaint, which said he was hit by a rashly-driven Maruti Wagon R on November 26, 2009 as he was riding his bicycle at Pul Prahladpur near Saket. Accrding to Pal, he received injuries in this accident and was taken to AIIMS Trauma Center where he was admitted for three days, and later shifted to LNJP Hospital.The tribunal awarded the compensation after a medical expert deposed before it that the victim's condition is not likely to improve and he has been rendered incapable of doing any job.The owner of the car, Ram Lachhin, claimed he had been falsely implicated in the case and the car's driver Pradeep Tiwari contented that he was not the driving the car at the time of the accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16999624", "title": "2 new routes introduced, 100 more buses needed", "text": "The Chandigarh Transport Undertaking (CTU) recently added nine buses on the Chandigarh-Mohali routes, taking the total number of buses to around 35. However, at least 100 more buses are needed to make the frequency adequate.Recently a meeting of higher officials of CTU and Mohali administration was held under the chairmanship of Mohali deputy commissioner Varun Roojam, where it was decided to introduce two new CTU routes between Chandigarh and Mohali and also to extend the existing routes. The two new routes are route number 242 and 36 A. Four buses are plying on route number 242, while five buses have been introduced on route 36 A. Route 242 extends from Sector 70, Mohali to Punjab and Haryana high court in Chandigarh and vice versa, while Route 36 A stretches from Mohali's sectors 67/68 to PGI and vice versa. However, the problem is that neither the Mohali administration nor the CTU has done anything to popularize these routes.Moreover, the frequency of these buses is 45 minutes or more, though CTU officials claim that the buses run at a frequency of half an hour.The CTU has extended its service on two routes in order to connect Mohali railway station to Chandigarh. Earlier, buses on route 6 A ran from ISBT 17 to Mohali and back but now the bus service is from ISBT, Sector 17 to Mohali railway station. Earlier Route 6 C was from PGI to Phase 11 but now it has been extended to Mohali railway station.Apart from these, buses on routes 10 A &C;, 9 A&C;, 123 A, 39 and 35 are already plying. The problem with the buses on these routes is that they don't go inside Mohali, instead they generally touch its outskirts and then return to Chandigarh again. So people boarding buses on these routes know that after getting down from the CTU on Mohali's outskirts, they have no option but to take an auto to go further on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17002071", "title": "Preity Zinta postpones 'Ishkq in Paris' release", "text": "It takes guts, not to mention a whole lot of surplus funds, to postpone a film's release. Preity Zinta has not only put off the release of her maiden production's release indefinitely she has made it clear to her entire team that the film would be released only when the director Prem Raj who is seriously ill, is able to complete all the post-production work.Says Prem gratefully, \"I offered to let someone else take over the post-production. But Preity is very clear on this issue. She told me we're in this together and only I will complete the post-production of Ishkq in Paris , no matter how long it takes. I am grateful to Preity for standing by me even if it meant postponing our film's release for the third time.\"It is now uncertain when Ishkq in Paris would release since Prem leaves for surgery in the first week of December.\"Hopefully I will be fully healed after the surgery. I have a very simple logic for being hopeful. How much more would God want to test me?\" wonders the beleaguered filmmaker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16999244", "title": "2 thefts reported at wedding venues", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With the wedding season here, an increasing number of theft cases are being reported in city, with most of these involving juveniles. On Saturday, another two thefts were reported from wedding functions in sectors 21 and 8.Sunil Kumar reported that a group of juveniles stole a bag containing shagun envelopes, worth around Rs 12,000, from the wedding ceremony of his daughter in community centre, Sector 21. The incident came to light when Sunil handed over the bag containing shagun envelopes to his relative, who later informed that it was stolen from the venue.In a similar incident, Rajinder Monga of Sector 47 booked the community centre in Sector 8 for the wedding ceremony of his daughter slated for Saturday night. Rajinder also complained that some unidentified juveniles stole a bag containing more than 100 shagun envelopes from the community centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16998050", "title": "Assam Agitation gave me fodder for my book: Rita Choudhury", "text": "Q. Can you rewind to your initial days as a writer?A: I was not much of a writer when I was a child. I used to write poems and I was a voracious reader. It was in 1981 when the Assam agitation was at its peak that I began to write formally. I was an activist. It so happened that during my underground days, a literary competition was held by the Asom Sahitya Sabha. I wrote 'Abirata Jatra' in three months. The Asom Sahitya Sabha conferred an award on me after this.Q. How difficult was it for a woman to be a part of the movement?A: I was just 20 then and my parents were petrified. They had to suffer a lot because of me. The police raided our house, I was taken for interrogation. I was not even given a woman's ward initially in jail. But since I was committed to my cause, I held my own. In the long run, my experiences gave me fodder for the book.Q. From 'Abirata Jatra' to 'Makam', which was about the Chinese in Assam, how would you describe the journey?A. I have become more mature as a writer. I have a more clear vision now. I know what I want and what I want to give. I am not answerable to anyone and I have no compulsions. I am not hankering for fame.Q. What are the challenges for new writers?A. Writers have to remember that publication is also a business. It is a part of the challenge they will face. Promotion and marketing are poor in the state. It is their dedication towards the craft that will show them the way. A good work cannot be ignored for long.Q. Do you think there is less opportunity for new writers here?A. Compared to earlier times, there is more opportunity now. Besides, the new generation is influenced by globalization. But what they lack is guidance. It took me 30 years to come where I am today. They should remember that hard work is the best way to success.Q. What are your new projects?A. Right now I am working on the English translation of 'Makam'. It is a 600-page novel. The novel was published in 2010 and it took me four years to write it. Another book I am planning on my days in hiding.Q. Do you face any writer's block?A. Writing has different phases. The idea for 'Makam' came to me when I saw a Chinese-looking man at Makum. It fired my imagination. I am focused and don't have mood swings.Q. Many critics try to project you as a feminist...A. I am the voice of the oppressed, the downtrodden. Wherever there is suffering, I make it a subject of my writing. 'Deo Langkhwi', 'Makam' and 'Abirata Jatra' are all about people's sufferings.Q. Has the Assam Movement been successful?A. Every movement has its positive and negative sides. It was a very strong movement but the people mistook it for a political movement. The AGP and the Assam Movement are two different factors.Q. As a writer married to a politician, what challenges do you face?A. We don't mix politics with family. But I do get upset when I get to hear negative things being said about my husband. After all I am his wife and then it becomes my duty to support him. My voice is my pen and here I have my husband's complete support. I am grateful for that.Q. Why are there so few women writers?A. May be it is a tradition; women do not want to break the mould. They do not want to bear their hearts because of their family. Chauvinism is everywhere.Q. What do you have to say about freedom of expression?A. That's fine but freedom of expression does not mean that we use the printed word to instigate violence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16998780", "title": "Flat owner's plea on abuse of builder's 'dominant' position dismissed", "text": "GURGAON: Competition Commission of India (CCI) has dismissed the flat owner's petition alleging abuse of dominant position by private builder, Dwarkadhis Projects, on the account that the builder is not a dominant player in the market.The petitioner, A K Jain, had moved to CCI against the builder alleging abuse of dominant position in contravention of Section 4 of the act. The petitioner had claimed that he had purchased a flat in the group housing project, \"Aravali Heights at Sector-24, Dharuhera in Rewari. The petitioner had alleged that five years have passed and 95% of the price has been collected from the flat owners. The builder had not secured the mandatory occupation/completion certificate from the director general, Town and Country Planning, Haryana.The petitioner sent final demand notice seeking payment of Rs 3,29,012 as charges for conducting improvement work before handing over the possession. The builder also forwarded 'buyer's agreement' in which the petitioner alleged contain several unfair, objectionable and one-sided terms, for the signature of the petitioner. In the CCI, the petitioner requested that the buyer's agreement and the charges demanded by the builder should be declared illegal and penalizing it for the delay in handing over the possession of the flat.During the hearing, the CCI held that in order to attract provisions of the section 4 of the Act, the dominant position of the enterprise needs to be examined. The CCI held that even though the builder alleged to be a leading real estate developer in the relevant market, there is no material on record to hold it a dominant enterprise in the relevant market. The CCI also held that petitioner has not given any specific data to support his contention that the builder is a dominant player in the market. In the order the CCI noted that as such, the dominance of the builder in the relevant market is prima facie not established and so there is no question of abuse of the same. The commission finds that no prima facie case was made out for directing the director general to carry out investigation into the matter under Section 26(1) of the Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17001788", "title": "Judy Garland's dress in 'Wizard Of Oz' made from cheapest material", "text": "Judy Garland's iconic 'Wizard Of Oz' outfit of white, puff-sleeved blouse and blue gingham pinafore dress, cost merely a few pennies to make, it has been revealed.It is the only surviving version of the simple outfit, designed by fabled film costumier Adrian, from the 1939 classic movie and was seen in every frame in which Garland appeared as Kansas farm girl Dorothy Gale.\"There were back-up costumes, but none were used and almost all were lost over time. What we are selling is the one and only original,\" the Daily Express quoted Caroline Galloway, spokeswoman for Julien's Auctions, as saying.She anticipates an opening bid of 124,000 pounds will be exceeded \"as much as fivefold\" by collectors who have long considered the outfit a holy grail of film memorabilia.Adrian ran it up on an old sewing machine, taking care to use only the cheapest material, so that as Dorothy skipped along the Yellow Brick Road it looked like something her Aunty Em might have made.\"Its sheer simplicity and astonishingly pristine condition make it one of the most important items we have ever brought to auction,\" Galloway said.\"There is enormous worldwide interest,\" she added.It was entered in the sale by a private collector whose businessman husband bought it for her for 140,000 pounds in 2005.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16999424", "title": "Bill proposes 3-year jail term for teachers who hit kids", "text": "NEW DELHI: Resorting to corporal punishment in class or forcing students to purchase books, uniforms and other stationery from a particular shop could land one up to three years in jail, according to a draft Bill on curbing unfair practices in schools. The draft 'Prohibition Of Unfair Practices in Schools Bill', 2012 makes it clear that no school shall directly or indirectly demand or accept capitation fee or demand any donation for admission to any class.The draft legislation, which would be presented before the Central Advisory Board of Education (CABE) meeting here on November 1, also prohibits schools from denying admission or expelling any student if he/she is reported to have any serious diseases such as HIV/AIDS.Schools can neither indulge in any kind of corporal punishment or withhold students to appear in any examination for which they are eligible and desirous of appearing.Besides schools cannot expel any student due to poor academic performance or detain them arbitrarily, the draft says.The proposed legislation comes as complaints were mounting against the unfair practices of schools.Though the draft Bill has remained silent on the quantum of monetary penalty to be imposed, it states that the imprisonment could extend to three years or fines or both.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16999211", "title": "Uma\u2019s gurgling Ganga yatra ends in sputter at Gangotri", "text": "LUCKNOW: BJP leader Uma Bharati-led Ganga Samagra Yatra that concluded at Gangotri in Uttarakhand on Sunday may or may not have been able to sensitise and mobilise the common man, but, it certainly threw up several questions for the party leaders especially from the state to answer.It is confirmed that the yatra failed to impress the common man in UP as much as it did in Bihar. Team Uma members, who had been part of the yatra since the beginning\u2014from Gangasagar in West Bengal on September 20\u2014confide it didn't evoke the response it could have in the largest and the most significant politically Uttar Pradesh. The response was poor compared to Bihar and UP, another member of the team had said. Neither Uma nor state BJP chief Laxmikant Bajpayi agreed. While Bajpayi told TOI the party did what it was told to do by senior Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) functionaries, Uma said she was satisfied with UP BJP's role in the yatra.Interestingly, the press communique issued by state BJP also states that the yatra got memorable support at Hajipur in Bihar while a huge rally was held at Kannauj in UP. It adds that 5,100 women observed fast in support of the yatra while 21,000 pots were distributed filled with Gangajal from Gangotri. It also talks about good response to aarti at Sahebganj, Kahalgaaon and Patna in Bihar and Varanasi. The yatra travelled 3,500 kilometre after the journey began at Gangasagar in West Bengal on September 20 and ended on Sunday at Gangotri in Uttarakhand. The yatra remained for the maximum, 14 days, in UP, 7 days in Bihar, 6 in Uttarakhand, 5 in West Bengal and for only one day in Jharkhand.In UP, barring a few senior BJP leaders like Kesarinath Tripathi, state BJP leader Laxmikant Bajpayi and a couple of other prominent faces, others were conspicuous by their absence. The effect was visible throughout the UP leg of the yatra.Barring Kannauj, the yatra failed to evoke a good response. The poor response in the state, a senior BJP leader said, was a reflection of the state of affairs and ground realities of the 'party with a difference'. With national party chief Nitin Gadkari in the dock with several corruption charges, the national BJP leaders failed to lend support, much less garner it, for the yatra, said another BJP leader.The second phase of yatra will comprise an international conference on November 20 in New Delhi and formation of human chain across the country on December 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16999332", "title": "Dengue rising, admin fails to take precautionary measures", "text": "VARANASI: While dengue is spreading its tentacles in the region, district health department seems least bothered to take the precautionary measures and control the spread of the disease. So far, as many as 15 suspected cases of dengue have been admitted at Shiv Prasad Gupta (SPG) divisional hospital in past 15 days.According to superintendent in chief (SIC), Dr DB Singh, on an average five patients suffering from dengue symptoms remain admitted in the hospital. \"We provide initial treatment to such patients, then they are referred to Sir Sundar Lal (SSL) hospital, Banaras Hindu University (BHU) for the sentinel testing, so far no patient has been diagnosed positively with the test,\" informed Singh.Contrary to this, medical superintendent, SSL hospital, BHU, Dr US Dwivedi has confirmed an increase in number of patients suffering from dengue symptoms. Few patients are also admitted at the emergency ward.Besides, region is under grip of severe unhygienic conditions with garbage and sewage overflowing at several places. While the officials of Varanasi Municipal Commission (VMC) had claimed earlier that the fogging will start from September and October, several areas of the city especially, Shivpurva, Veerdopur (Mahmoorganj), Manduadih, Kakarmatta, Bazardiha, Khojwan, Kolhua-Vinayaka, Nagwan, Samneghat and host of trans-Varuna areas including Pandeypur, Daulatpur, Paharia and Shivpur are plagued with stagnant and sewage water paving way for mosquito breeding.It may be mentioned here that, there are no sentinel testing kits available in the Deen Dayal Upadhyay (DDU) district hospital and SPG divisional hospital and it is only available in SSL hospital, BHU.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17003267", "title": "Bond fans sit through 30 mins ads before 'Skyfall' starts", "text": "From bottles of Heineken to speeding BMWs, thousand of people packing cinemas to watch the latest James Bond flick 'Skyfall' have to first sit through 30 minutes of adverts and previews before the film starts.Five of the adverts feature the secret agent, including ones for Heineken, Omega watches and a Bond aftershave.Even before Adele's opening theme, the iconic spy played by Daniel Craig , appears in an action sequence with the camera lingering on his Omega watch.The onslaught of brands prompted many fans to complain on Twitter.\"Product placement aplenty and Adele hasn't even sung yet,\" the Daily Mail quoted one fan Vikki Ross as tweeting.\"Wow, sickening number of Bond product placement ads,\" another, Jayne Rodgers, tweeted.Many grew even unhappier once the film began and were irked by seeing Bond enjoying Heineken instead of his trademark Martini, and by the frequent use of Sony products.\"My Skyfall highlight was the obscene amount of product placement and Bond themed ads,\" Alexander Badrick tweeted.\"I hope James Bond isn't going to be eating a Subway cheese and pickle baguette and drinking Diamond White - all in the name of product placement,\" another user, Alex Woolfall, tweeted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17001679", "title": "Mila Kunis sparks pregnancy rumours", "text": "Mila Kunis , who has kept dating rumours with Ashton Kutcher afloat with casual hangouts and motorcycle rides, is the latest Hollywood actress to come under scrutiny with what looks to be a bit of a baby bump.The 29-year-old actress stepped out with beau Kutcher on Saturday, and though the pair kept things casual in jeans and T-shirts, it was the slightly taut nature of Kunis' tank top that drew speculation of a baby-to-be.Just one day earlier, the pair strolled through North Hollywood for an ice cream date, with the actress donning workout clothes and a looser black hoodie.The 34-year-old actor and his former 'That 70s Show' co-star had earlier denied dating even as they spent time together shopping for furniture and riding motorcycles.The pair's recent talk about one day having a family has only added fuel to the fire.\"I do want a family,\" the New York Daily News quoted Kunis as telling Glamour magazine earlier this year.\"I'd rather be in love and have a baby than a movie,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16998145", "title": "Milk prices to go up by Rs 5-6 in Guwahati", "text": "GUWAHATI: Brihattar Guwahati Go-Palak Sanstha, the leading organization of dairy farmers in the city, on Sunday announced that milk price would be hiked by Rs 5-6 - currently, it is Rs 33 per litre - from November 15 to meet the additional cost in transportation charges of fodder and other cattle food arising out of the hike in diesel price.This will be the second milk price hike in four months. In June, producers had hiked the price of milk from Rs 30 to Rs 33 on the grounds that the cost of fodder had increased.The proposed hike by producers would further push up the retail market price of milk, which is between Rs 35 and Rs 40 per litre at present.Chief adviser of the Sanstha, Mridu Paban Baishya, a veterinary doctor said, \"Though the milk producers of greater Guwahati are selling milk at Rs 33 per litre, the cost of production has gone up to Rs 37.25 per litre in the last 20 days due to hike in transportation cost of fodder triggered by the hike in the diesel prices. We cannot bear the loss anymore,\" said Baishya.He added that the future of thousands of cattle farmers has become uncertain after the 25 per cent hike in transportation cost as the dairy farmers are not getting any kind of subsidy from the government.Moreover, the government is not providing enough doctors to take care of the cattle. Only three veterinary doctors are looking after our cattle in the dairy farming areas of Guwahati which is adding to the woes of the farmers, said Baishya.He urged the government to sanction cattle food grains from the Food Corporation of India to the dairy farmers to prepare cattle food. The Sanstha demanded the government to arrange subsidized loans to cattle farmers. \"Plagued by various factors, milk supply from the dairy farms of Guwahati this year has gone down to 1.3 lakh litre per day as compared to last year's 2 lakh litre per day,\" Bishya added.When contacted, deputy commissioner of Kamrup (Metro) district, Ashutosh Agnihotri said the district administration cannot diktat the terms to the milk producers as milk is not listed in the index of items distributed under public distribution system. He, however, said the administration is ready to hold talks with the dairy farmers and discuss their grievances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16997406", "title": "One more nabbed in Rohit Jain murder case", "text": "NAGPUR: Crime branch has rounded up one more alleged assailant in the Rohit Jain murder case. Sitabuldi police had exhumed Jain's body from a hutment at Vasantrao Naik slums after a fortnight of his murder in September end. Police had already arrested four accused in this case.Bhaskar, alias Anna, was whisked away by the crime branch from the court premises on Sunday after his counsel Parag Uikey procured bail in an assault case registered against him at Dhantoli police station. Cops were on the lookout for Bhaskar after his name cropped up during interrogation of Shaikh Akram, alias Bhuru, his younger brother Akbar, Anup Bhosle and Kamlesh Gupta, who have been arrested in connection with Jain murder case.It is learnt, Jain had died after being thrashed by Akram and his aides for failing to repay debts incurred during gambling. Akram and his accomplices had set up gambling dens at Vasantrao Naik slums with help from a section of Sitabuldi police. Jain's murder came to light after harassed slum dwellers lynched Akram's brother Iqbal , a dreaded goon, earlier this month. The entire episode had led to the suspension of two senior inspectors and five constables of Sitabuldi police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16997402", "title": "Couple electrocuted on their farm's illegally electrified fence", "text": "NAGPUR: An elderly couple was electrocuted at their farm at Bondri, around 15km from Ramtek, after coming in contact with a fence that had been illegally electrified. Three people have been booked in the case, including the man who died in the accident.Police said that Nirmalabai Raut (60) and her husband Janglu were working in the field when the incident took place. Phulchand Choudhari, also one of the accused, had switched on the electric supply to the fence without noticing that the Raut couple was still working. Farm owner Maroti Pradhan has also been booked in the case.It has come to fore that Choudhari, the Rauts and Pradhan had farms adjacent to each other. In order to keep stray animals away, the three farm owners had illegally connected their fences to live wires. The connection was made from the farm belonging to Choudhari, whose mistake claimed the lives of the Raut couple.Choudhari, sensing trouble after the incident, had immediately disconnected the connection and also removed the equipment. Police said that Choudhari's action attracted charges of destruction of evidence also. Ramtek police have registered an offence charging three persons with culpable homicide not amounting to murder apart from destruction of evidence. The three have also been charged under relevant section of the Indian Electricity Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17004507", "title": "Indian squad for first Test against England to be picked on November 5", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Indian cricket squad for the first of the four-match Test series against visiting England will be picked by the national selectors in Mumbai on November 5, the BCCI said on Monday.\"The All-India Selection Committee will meet on Monday, 5th November 2012, at the Cricket Centre, Mumbai, to pick the Indian team for the first Test against England, to be played at Ahmedabad from 15th November 2012 to 19th November 2012,\" BCCI Secretary Sanjay Jagdale said in a release.The second Test will be held in Mumbai (November 23-27) while the third and fourth matches will be played in Kolkata (December 5-9) and Nagpur (December 13-17).The England team under Alastair Cook arrived early Monday morning and they play a three-day warm-up game against India 'A' side to be led by Suresh Raina from Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17000764", "title": "A month on, no trace of missing boy from Kandivli", "text": "MUMBAI: Nineteen-year-old Sudhish Nair left his Mira Road home in the evening to play with friends on September 18. A month on, his parents are yet to hear from him.Before disappearing, his status message on an instant messaging application was 'I quit' , claim his friends. Sudhish , a SYBCom student of Thakur College of Science and Commerce, Kandivli, did meet his friends that evening, but left his cellphone at home after removing the sim card.His father, NK Kutty, who works as the executive assistant of an academician, said, \"He did not show any signs of unhappiness. In fact, he would go out in the evenings to meet his friends regularly. That evening , he asked for extra money and his mother obliged. She raised an alarm when he did not return till night. We inquired with all his friends and even tried calling him. His phone remained unavailable for a long time. After searching his room, we found his mobile phone, but the sim card was missing.\"The police complaint filed at Kashimira police station is yet to yield any result. Inquiries at college revealed nothing out of place. A police officer said, \"We have spoken to all his friends. He changed the status message of an IM service to 'I quit' before he switched off his phone and left it at home. He apparently even deleted his Facebook account. He did not seem to be too depressed according to his friends. We are still looking for him.\" He was last seen wearing a pair of blue jeans and a roundneck light grey t-shirt.His college principal, Chaitaly Chakraborty, pointed out that Sudhish's disappearance came just days before exams and that he was irregular in attending classes as well. In case of any information on Sudhish, contact his father on 9869229977 or 022-29451431", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16998331", "title": "All-party meet at Vilappil today to consider next step", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Vilappil panchayat will convene an all party meeting at the panchayat office on Monday. The decision comes in the wake of reports that the case related to Vilappilsala garbage treatment plant might be taken up by the high court this week.The meeting will decide upon the future course of action in case the court directive is against the interests of the local residents who have been demanding a permanent shutdown of the garbage treatment plant. The government had earlier filed an affidavit in the high court seeking permission to shut down the factory permanently. Minister for urban affairs Manjalamkuzhy Ali had said that the government would request the court to consider the case at the earliest.The case was earlier scheduled to be taken up on November 19. \"We have got hints that the court will consider the case either on Tuesday or Wednesday. We are hoping for a favourable decision from the court. In case the court rules against our demand, we have to decide upon our future plans. Everything will be decided in this meeting,\" said Sobhana Kumari, panchayat president, Vilappil.Meanwhile, the panchayat has decided not to meet mayor K Chandrika till the court takes a decision.\"At present we are not interested in any kind of mediation talks with the mayor. We are waiting for the court's directive on the issue and depending upon the decision taken by the Samyukta Samara Samithi, we will decide whether to hold talks with the mayor or not,\" said Sobhana Kumari.The relay satyagraha which began at Vilappilsala has garnered the massive support from the locals. The satyagraha will continue till the government issues an order proclaiming the permanent closure of the garbage treatment plant.The city corporation is also expected to file a counter affidavit in the high court this week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17001845", "title": "Apple 'says' Samsung didn't copy iPad", "text": "LONDON: Tech giant Apple has posted an unapologetic advert acknowledging a court decision that Korean-mobile maker Samsung did not infringe its design patents in the UK.Apple was ordered by the UK High Court to post the advert after it lost an appeal last week.It was ruled that the notice must stay on Apple's site for no less than six months to \"correct the damaging impression\" left by Apple's suit against Samsung.The advert, however, hits back at rival Samsung, stating that other courts have judged that the South Korean company \"willfully copied Apple's far more popular iPad ,\" the Telegraph reports.In the advert, Apple implies that it does not agree with the court's decision by stating that it has won similar cases in Germany and the US.\"So while the UK court did not find Samsung guilty of infringement, other courts have recognised that in the course of creating its Galaxy tablet, Samsung willfully copied Apple's far more popular iPad,\" the ad says.According to the paper, the iPhone maker also quotes at length the well-publicised portions of the judgment that acknowledge that Apple's products are \"cool\" whereas Samsung's products are \"not as cool\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17003208", "title": "'Scarface' mansion in California listed for $30k-a-month", "text": "The stunning home used in Al Pacino's movie 'Scarface', which is aptly named 'Little Paradise', or, El Fureidis, has gone up on the market for rental.The mansion, which has been listed at a hefty 30k dollars-a-month, is set over 10 acres of idyllic land in Santa Barbara , California, boasting lush Persian gardens, swimming pools and a rooftop terrace.Inside the 10,000-square-foot property, there are elaborate barrel-vaulted ceilings and beautiful tile-work frame many of the rooms, all of which offer sweeping views of the Pacific Ocean and the multiple palm trees that surround the home.Hallways are large and grand, bathed in California sunshine as it pours through multiple windows, the Daily Mail reported.While the oversized living room makes space for poker and snooker tables, the kitchen is far less extravagant, decked out all in white, though a huge double fridge ensures there will always be plenty of food and drink for throwing parties.All the extravagance lies behind one of the home's signature heavy oak doors.Designed by American architect Bertram Grosvenor Goodhue and completed in 1906, the epic mansion was the stage for the 1983 cult film 'Scarface' and sold to billionaire banker Sergey Grishin for 6.23 million dollars in 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "16997914", "title": "Khap panchayats of Haryana demand changes in Hindu marriage Act", "text": "ROHTAK: The notorious khap panchayats of Haryana on Sunday demanded a legal ban on same-gotra and same-village marriages, saying such a measure could solve the problem of rising crime against women.Leaders of 30 khap panchayats who met in Rohtak passed a resolution calling for an amendment in the Hindu Marriage Act to bring the ban on such marriages into effect.The leaders vowed to take up this demand at the highest level and said they would visit Delhi next month for submitting their representations to the President, Prime Minister and the Union law minister.The meeting, held at the Chhotu Ram Dharamshala, was hosted by Rohtak's Chorasi khap and presided over by its leader, Hardeep Ahlawat.Terming modern culture as \"obscene\", the leaders said the state's social fabric had been vitiated because people were \"blindly following so-called modernization which is the root cause of crime against women and incidents of rape\".\"The minds of the younger generation have been corrupted due to invasion of obscene and vulgar culture. Our youngsters have forgotten the rich values and customs of our society,\" said Baljit Malik of Gathwala khap.Addressing the meeting, Hardeep Ahlawat demanded a change in the law to ban matrimonial ties between couples from same gotras and same villages \u2014 traditionally viewed as brothers and sisters.\"A legal ban on such marriages would also help curb the menace of honour killings and female feticide which has brought a bad name to Haryanvi society,\" said Om Prakash Dhankar, a khap leader.Other leaders argued that there would not be any honour killings or female foeticide if same-gotra marriages were banned. \"People kill their daughters out of the fear that one day they might elope with men of the same gotra,\" said Dhankar.\"A delegation of khap panchayat would visit Delhi on November 5 with copies of our memorandum to be handed over to India's top leaders. We would also call on the national commission for women the same day and asked it to raise the demand,\" he added.The khap leaders distanced themselves from a recent statement of a khap mahapanchayat spokesman who had sought lowering of the marriageable age of girls from 18 to 16 years to avoid rapes. The leaders said such statements had been spoiling the image of khap panchayats.\"We strongly differ with such people. We have decided to launch social awareness campaign against extravagant marriages, dowry etc in society,\" he said.The khap panchayats have also urged the Haryana government to ban wedding ceremonies at night which they said lead to road accidents. Khap leaders said most people get drunk while attending marriages at night and then drive, resulting in road accidents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16999930", "title": "Cop who helped nab Kasab assaulted, arrests offender", "text": "MUMBAI: A policeman, who was felicitated for being part of the team that caught Pakistani terrorist Ajmal Kasab , was assaulted in Malad (W) late on Saturday when he chased a group that had been involved in a st-reet fight. Despite his injuries, constable Mangesh Naik and his colleague managed to catch two of the offenders.Naik was treated at Surana Hospital in Malad.In the past two months, this is the sixth incident of a policeman being assaulted while on duty. In the wake of increasing instances of attacks on cops,Police commissioner Satyapal Singh has instructed all police stations to seize the passport of such offenders and take strict action against them.Around 11 pm on Saturday, Naik and constable Lavan were patrolling the streets on a motorcycle. As they neared the subway on Sainath Road, they came across a commotion at a food stall. The stall owner had already informed the police control room of a fight that had broken outthere. \"Around a dozen people were gathered on the spot and we started asking questions. On noticing our motorcycle, which had a police logo on it, three of the men tried to slink away. As Lavan chased them on his bike, I started running after them,\" said Naik. \"But in the dark, I failed to spot one of the accused crouching behind a parked truck. Suddenly, he came up from behind and hit me on the head with a large brick.\"As Naik touched the back of his head, he found that his fingers were covered in blood. Lavan, in the meanwhile, had gone ahead on his motorcycle.\"In spite of my injury, I did not give up. Iran after the accused for around a kilometer; as Lavan was also travelling in the same direction, the two of us pinned down the accused. Another accused had jumped across a wall. We followed and caught him as well,\" . Then, we called up on our wireless handset and asked for the mobile police,\"Naik added.The accused have been identified as Mandesh Kadam (23) and Firoz Shaikh (20), both caterers and residents of Kandivli. Booked on charges of assaulting a government servant, the two have been remanded in police custody till October 30. One more person is wanted.From Thakur Complex in Kandivli (E), Naik received the President's police medal for gallantry on Republic Day in 2009. He has now been discharged from hospital after treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16999272", "title": "Tirukkural goes into Punjabi now", "text": "CHENNAI: The next time Union minister P Chidambaram recites Tirukkural couplets in Parliament, elected members from Punjab need not feel left out. The Tirukkural, a Sangam period collection of more than 1,000 rhyming couplets, will soon find its place in Punjabi book shelves too.A retired principal of the government college of Faridkot in Punjab, Dr Tarlochan Singh Bedi has translated the ancient classic into Punjabi. It will soon be released by the Chennai-based Central Institute of Classical Tamil (CICT), an autonomous body of the Union ministry of human resources development. The centre, established in 2007 in Chennai to promote classical Tamil, is working to bring out translated versions of 41 Tamil classics, including the Tirukkural.Bedi said there were similarities between the ideas of Guru Nanak and those in the Tirukkural. \"The focal point of the Tirukkural is feelings of love for human beings, which is what Guru Nanak preached too,\" he told TOI over phone. Bedi has written many articles on the cultural and linguistic similarities between Tamil and Punjabi. His son is Tamil Nadu agriculture secretary Gagandeep Singh Bedi, who is well known in Cuddalore for his tsunami rehabilitation work in 2004 when he was district collector.\"I heartily welcome the translation of the Tirukkural into as many languages as possible, for it is a unique contribution of the early Tamil civilization and culture. It is a universal treatise,\" said former IGNOU vice-chancellor V C Kulandaisamy. The professor, who is also the former chief of the Tamil Language Promotion Board, said the Tirukkural was relevant even today, given its secular outlook.The Tirukkural has been translated into English, Latin, German, French, Dutch, Finish, Polish, Russian, Fiji and Malay languages. CICT is on the verge of completing translations into Telugu, Kannada, Manipuri and Nepali with the help of experts from Mysore, Chennai, Madurai and Delhi. Expert committees have been set up to evaluate the quality of the translations.Meanwhile, Tamil scholars alleged that CICT has been slow to produce major works, including definitive editions of ancient Tamil classics, which were planned years ago. \"CICT should have been a powerful academic body by this time,\" said former University of Madras vice-chancellor Pon Kothandaraman, better known as Portko. He said his critical edition on Tolkappiam, an ancient literary classic, which was submitted to the institute years ago, has not yet been published. CICT officials said the projects are in various stages of progress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16997990", "title": "Rahul Gandhi to be designated No. 2 in Congress soon", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress heir apparent Rahul Gandhi will soon be formally designated No.2, with organizational reshuffle to follow Sunday's ministerial rejig to complete the overhaul of the ruling establishment for the 2014 elections.Rahul is likely to be elevated as 'secretary general' or 'working president', perhaps as early as this week itself. Although the two pedestals have been ceremonial, they will pack real punch in his hands, and will delineate the hierarchy for future.The Amethi MP currently holds the position of party general secretary in-charge of youth outfits.The two ceremonial posts have rarely been used in Congress except in political exigencies. H N Bahuguna became 'secretary general' after his homecoming to Congress in 1980 while Kamlapati Tripathi was named 'working president' in 1983.But Rahul is set to occupy either of the two posts as part of the succession plan.While there is little doubt about who is to succeed Sonia Gandhi as Congress chief, the official elevation for Rahul is viewed as important to convey a clear message that he is the mascot for the next elections as well as to groom him into managing the party.The twin recast would put all doubts to rest about a rethink on transition in Congress in the wake of poll defeats in recent months. The decimation in Uttar Pradesh was viewed as a personal failure for Rahul who ran the party battle.Rahul's involvement in Sunday's ministerial reshuffle reassured the ranks in that it signalled a fresh resolve to enhance his engagement with matters he had stayed aloof from. Although necessitated by vacancies running into double digits and compulsions of political messaging ahead of key state elections, Sunday's reshuffle carried the loud statement that Congress will contest the next polls under a different leader.The coming AICC rejig may have to further amplify the message if Congress wants the generational shift to have enough momentum to shrug aside the negativity that has wrecked the perception about the ruling party.Indications are that Sonia will perform a gradual transition, with the young son taking on an active role in party affairs by being part of committees and by overseeing day-to-day management.The key question about Rahul's impending promotion is how he restructures the organization. Those trusted by Sonia are likely to continue, but the young Gandhi may bring in his set of functionaries to implement his vision.There is a concern that Rahul cannot be thrown into an \"Akhilesh Yadav situation\" where he is asked to work with the old guard that owes its allegiance to another generation. Samawjadi Party took a leap of faith after the March landslide to effect generational makeover, but Akhilesh remains surrounded by \"uncles\" who have flaunted their loyalty to his father Mulayam Singh Yadav to remain autonomous of the chief minister. As a result, Yadav Jr is still to find his feet in the crucial post.The dominant perception is that Rahul is unlikely to go for a radical shuffle and would prefer to create a young team within AICC manned by senior leaders. As general secretary, he has been working through young MPs and ministers who are drafted into political work from time to time.Rahul's stamp on the organization may find reflection in bigger responsibilities for AICC secretaries like Meenakshi Natarajan, Bhakta Charan Das and Ashok Tanwar -- all MPs who did not find a place in the Union ministry.Congress has tried to convey the message of transition to 'Rahul era' with the Cabinet recast in which he took active interest and helped promote young ministers and induct many others, making it different from usual party exercises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16998857", "title": "Garbage backlog cleared, says BBMP", "text": "BANGALORE: Finally, here's some good news on the garbage front. BBMP officials claim that the backlog of waste lying on the streets of the cityhas been cleared. The Palike says that from Monday onwards, the city will go back to the day-to-day clean-up drive.On Sunday, 352 trucks carrying 8-10 tonne of garbage each were sent to Mandur, thus, clearing about 3,350 tonne of waste from the city.The crisis was triggered on October 17 when Mandur villagers closed the landfill their midstand refused to let BBMP trucks dump the garbage there. Mandur blockade brought all garbage collection to a halt. As garbage heaps piled up, BBMP managed to get Mandur villagers to allow dumping garbage for another three months.Officials said they are now concentrating on segregation in core areas, which alone can ensure that less volume of waste will go to Mandur landfill.An official said Yelahanka zone has achieved the highest segregation rate (75-80%), reducing the volume that is dumped in the landfill considerably. \"In the core areas, segregation percentage is only 30-32%,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16998712", "title": "Cops bear brunt of road rage in 2 cases", "text": "NEW DELHI: Policemen were at the receiving end of road rage in the past two days as erring car drivers attacked cops when merely told to follow the law.Asked to stop flashing indicator lights needlessly, three men in a car battered a constable with hockey sticks and rods in Ranhola, west Delhi, on Saturday. Constable Samandar Singh was heading home after work when he was attacked. Policemen rushed from a nearby picket but two of the trio fled.Two days ago, head constable Rama Rao was abused and thrashed after he chased a speeding car in sector 15 of Rohini. The accused, who were drunk, manhandled him and tore his uniform, before police teams reached the spot.Cop hit with hockey sticks in west DelhiOn Saturday, a constable was allegedly attacked while he was heading home in his Swift car after work. He was in Ranhola when he spotted a WagonR going straight at high speed with its right indicator on. The cop drove towards the car, occupied by three men, and signalled them to turn off the indicator. This angered the occupants, who cornered his car and forced him to step out, police said. They then attacked him with hockey sticks and rods, cops added.The cops' cries for help alerted his colleagues at a nearby picket. They tried to pin down the accused, but two of them managed to free themselves, police said. While the third occupant Sunil Kherwala, a resident of Ranhola, was arrested, a hunt is on for the other two.In the second incident, which took place on Thursday, two traffic cops were attacked when they flagged down a speeding car in Rohini. Head constable M Rama Rao and Krishna were deployed near Bansal Bhawan and were monitoring traffic going towards Sector 17, when they spotted a Zen being driven at high speed and in a zigzag manner.\"I motioned the car to stop, but it jumped the signal instead and sped towards Sector 17. Krishna started his bike and we started chasing the car. We managed to intercept the car after a kilometre-long chase. We then asked the driver to show the vehicle's documents and started issuing a challan for jumping the lights,\" said the complainant.The cops said the three occupants of the car started abusing them. The fight grew ugly with the accused thrashing them and even tearing off their uniforms. Police teams soon reached the spot and apprehended the men. They were arrested and a medical examination proved they were in an inebriated condition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16998700", "title": "Gadgets rule most children's play world", "text": "RANCHI: Five-year-old Krish Swaroop has a social networking site account and he is adept in video chatting with school friends and family members. He knows the nitty gritties of using any high-end mobile phone and can download games of his choice. Krish's father, Satya Swaroop, said, \"He has been interested in gadgets since he started walking. In the last three years, he has learnt to use my phone as good as I do.\"Krish prefers playing games on computer rather than going out. \"I love computer games. I either use my father's laptop or his phone for downloading games,\" he said.Many children between four and 10 are seen playing games, surfing the Internet or clicking photographs with mobile phones. Rajneesh Kumar, a proud father of six-year-old boy, said: \"My son will become a great photographer. He knows the angles and can click photos like no other in the family.\"Gadget-friendly kids will definitely have an upper hand in life later on but addiction has its own side effects. Psychiatrist and director of Ranchi Institute of Neuro Psychiatry and Allied Sciences (RINPAS), Amool Ranjan, said: \"It is good that children are becoming gadget friendly. But excess use can be detrimental to a child's analytical capacity and his development at large, as most of the time he remains dependent on gadgets for small things such as calculations and spellings.\"According to paediatrician Dr Prabhat Kumar, \"Excessive use of gadgets such as computers and mobile phones leads to lack of concentration and makes the child aggressive. It also strains the eye and frequent use of earphones leads to hearing problems.\"tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17004844", "title": "Yoko Ono didn't break up The Beatles-McCartney", "text": "Beatles legend Paul McCartney has said that bandmate John Lennon's wife Yoko Ono did not break up the band.He has tried to quell decades of anger directed at John Lennon's Japanese widow, 79, by telling fans to \"let it be\".\"She certainly didn't break the group up,\" the 70-year-old told Sir David Frost in an interview.\"I don't think you can blame her for anything,\" he says, claiming John Lennon was \"definitely going to leave\".His remarks challenge a school of thought that holds Lennon's widow responsible for the band's separation.The legendary singer also claimed that Lennon, who died in 1980, would not have written his hit song Imagine without the conceptual artist's influence.\"When Yoko came along, part of her attraction was her avant garde side, her view of things,\" Sir Paul told the veteran broadcaster.\"She showed him another way to be, which was very attractive to him. So it was time for John to leave,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16998453", "title": "All national highways to be at least two-laned from now", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre has issued fresh guidelines to state governments, National Highways Authority of India (NHAI), road building organizations such as BRO and state PWDs that all future NHs must be of at least two-and-a-half lanes. At present, over 25% of NH are single-laned.The directive comes at a time when the government plans to convert the entire 18,350 km single-lane NH stretches to at least two lanes in the next five years. The latest circular said all new NHs or bypasses have to be developed to a \"minimum level\". It said that though the width of a road was decided based on traffic movement, NHs were primary routes and there was high expectation, so far as service level and safety considerations were concerned.The notification said that during deliberations, it was observed that NHs across the country were used by mixed traffic, which made the stretches more accident prone. It was also observed that there was a need to segregate traffic to reduce mishaps and fatalities.Advocating the need to follow this fresh approach, the circular said, \"Towards implementation of this, henceforth whenever new projects of widening, bypass/realignment are taken up, the width of carriageway shall be at least two lane with paved shoulder irrespective of the traffic thereon.\"Already, the government has started the process of getting Rs 15,000 crore loan from the World Bank to convert around 6,500 km of single-lane NHs into to two-lane roads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16997378", "title": "Crime branch busts teen burglar gang", "text": "NAGPUR: Last week, seven persons, including four juvenile delinquents, were rounded up by the crime branch for their alleged involvement in ten burglaries.A school drop-out and his father were among those nabbed. Police recovered stolen material worth Rs four lakh from the gang.To fund addictions like alcohol, gambling, visits to brothels and feasting in expensive restaurants, the teenagers started burgling houses in broad daylight, said the police.One of the accused, earlier nabbed by the Jaripatka police, and his accused father Darshan Singh Juni, were the key players. The teenager, who studied till the seventh standard, is an expert in breaking locks. He would sneak into houses and leave with valuables in 20-25 minutes.Police recovered two bikes, around 100 gms of gold ornaments, 200 gms of silver and several mobile phones from the duo.While the mastermind worked inside, his three accomplices kept a watch outside. Being youngsters, the minors found it difficult to sell the valuables. They took the help of some seniors who too are now behind bars.Apart from Juni, police has also arrested Akash Singh Bauri and Ramratan Mathuria for their alleged role in helping the minors get money from their loot by mortgaging ornaments at different jewellery shops.The crime branch squads under senior police inspector Madhao Giri got a whiff of the gang when they received information about a birthday party which was attended by a bunch of youngsters from Pachpaoli.Police had learnt that the party was hosted by a juvenile delinquent with a crime record and his father. The father-son duo was from Sikh community. This information was corroborated by PI Giri's team which had also received information from Hudkeshwar and Nandanvan localities that a person with a turban was spotted with youngsters near places where the burglaries took place.After rounding up the mastermind, the crime branch picked up the rest and their senior accomplices. Sources in the crime branch said that so far, four offences of house breaking at Hudkeshwar, five in Nandanvan and one in Gittikhadan have been detected.The minors admitted to buying a bike after laying hands on Rs 45,000 kept in a house burgled by them in Nandanvan. They used the bike to scout for locked houses which they could burgle. The juveniles also splurged on parties after they burgled Rs 62,000 from another house in Nandanvan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16999819", "title": "Will sugar ind's golden days return in Bihar?", "text": "PATNA: With the state government set to hold an Udyami Panchayat here on October 29, which will, among other things, focus on the problems concerning the sugar industry, industrial circles are keenly watching if the state government would come out with a fresh initiative to give a big push to the industry in the state.Though the state's sugar industry has shown signs of revival in recent years - sugar production went up from 3.86 lakh tonnes in 2010-11 to 4.51 lakh tonnes in 2011-12 - it is far from its heydays in 1950s. At one time, Bihar had 33 sugar mills, but the number of running sugar mills had come down to 28 by 1980. Later, most of the sugar mills became sick and many of them were taken over by the state government and put under the control of Bihar State Sugar Corporation, which could not revive them by 2005.Under the NDA regime, the revival of sugarcane industry was planned with auction of many sick sugar mills.The government's efforts have begun to show results. The sugarcane crushing capacity of the state's sugar mills has increased from 32,000 tonnes crushed per day (TCD) in 2004-2005 to 55,000 TCD in 2012-13.Harinagar sugar mill in West Champaran has hiked its capacity to 10,000 TCD (earlier 8,500 TCD), Narkatiaganj sugar mill in the same district to 7,500 TCD (from 5,000 TCD), Sidhwalia mill in Gopalganj district to 5,000 TCD (3,500 TCD), Sasamusa mill in the same district to 3,500 TCD (2,450 TCD) and MP Chini Udyog in West Champaran district to 4,500 TCD (3,500 TCD) during the last one year, according to sugarcane department sources.At present, the state has nine privately-run sugar mills and two sugar mills being run in public sector by the Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Limited at Lauria and Sugauli. Three more sugar mills are under revival mode at Motipur, Raiyyam and Lohat after their auction.The sick sugar mills at Bihta, Sakri and Madhubani are making way for other industries.Sugar production went up from 3.86 lakh tonnes in 2010-11 to 4.51 lakh tonnes in 2011-12. Eleven sugar mills are running in Bihar", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "johannesburg", "code": "16998856", "title": "Preparation for the final was outstanding: Haddin", "text": "JOHANNESBURG: Sydney Sixers on Sunday night mauled the Lions by 10 wickets to clinch the Champions League title and skipper Brad Haddin attributed the victory to their \"outstanding\" preparation for the final.\"The preparation for this game was outstanding. We have been building for the win for two weeks. We were nervous before the semifinals but we played very good cricket as a team today,\" Haddin after his team overhauled the 122-run victory target with 7.3 overs to spare.\"We have been consistent throughout the tournament. T20 is about going for the gut feeling. We decided to start with a spinner just moments before the action. Everyone expected us to start with the fast bowlers but we decided to change it a bit, take the pace off the ball. It was about execution and they have been outstanding.\"The positive we can take is the whole team contributed at various stages. We showed the world over the month that we are a world class team,\" he added.Lions skipper Alviro Petersen was left disappointed with the result but said he was proud of the boys for putting up the effort and reaching the finals.\"We started poorly. I don't think a lot of people gave us a chance to reach the final. You can't put your finger on why we lost today. Disappointing we couldn't put on a show. Really happy with the way the guys have performed as a unit,\" Petersen said.Put into bat, the Lions were 9-4 in 3.3 overs but Jean Symes (51) somewhat ressurected the innings to help them post 121 all out in their stipulated 20 overs.Michael Lumb , who was adjudged the Man of the Match for scoring an unbeaten 82 off 42 balls, said: \"Dirk and Sohail bowled well early on. Ball came on quite nicely on to the bat. so was cautious at start. I am happy, hit the ball pretty good. The boys have been first class whole tournament, got to take my hat off to the rest of the guys.\"Mitchell Starc, who was awarded the Man of the Series, said: \"The extra bounce and pace was good. Our spinners showed class today. We have such a good attack. Josh deserved a lot more wickets than he got. We performed outstandingly well. My first experience in SA has been a great one.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16999945", "title": "Teen driver runs over CA student", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A teenaged driver lost control over his vehicle and ran over another teen - a student of chartered accountancy. This is the second incident this week where a teen driver has run over and killed passersby.The incident took place near Gujarat University on Sunday morning. Passersby caught the teen and handed him over to police for further investigation. According to Gujarat University police officials, Mohit Kapoor,18, a resident of a paying-guest facility in Vastrapur, was headed towards his chartered accountancy classes on his Honda Activa at 9.30 am on Sunday. When he was passing from Dadasaheb na Pagla, a Maruti WagonR car came from behind and rammed into his scooter and an auto-rickshaw passing nearby.\"The scooterist was flung off his two-wheeler due to the impact and the autorickshaw turned turtle. Kapoor sustained severe head injuries and died on the spot. The auto driver suffered leg injuries in the incident and was taken to a nearby hospital. The youth driving the car was caught by the passersby who informed the city police control room about the incident,\" said GU police official.Investigators said that Kapoor was a native of Dhrangadhra in Surendranagar district and had come to Ahmedabad to pursue his bachelors in commerce and a course in chartered accountancy.\"The car driver has been identified as Siddharth Sukhwani, a resident of Goyal Tower in Ghatlodia. He is a student of a US university and had come back home during the festivities to be with the family. He was going to meet some friends when the incident took place,\" said a police official.On Thursday, a 19-year-old car driver rammed his vehicle into an aged couple riding a Honda Activa on the Iskcon flyover in Satellite. The impact threw the man over the flyover while the woman riding pillion was also killed in the incident. The teen who was drunk then was caught by the passersby and was handed over to police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16998824", "title": "Push-start bid goes awry, mini-truck runs over man", "text": "BANGALORE: Efforts to push-start a light-duty truck that broke down by the roadside took a tragic turn as the vehicle knocked down two bikes and ran over a pedestrian in KP Agrahara, off Magadi Road, on Sunday.The driver lost control over the Canter as it sped down an inclining road and its brakes failed to work, resulting in the serial mishap, traffic police said.The Canter driven by Shekhar, 20, broke down after it unloaded its consignment of gunny bags at a shop in KP Agrahara. Shekhar urged passersby to push his vehicle down the road and help him reignite the engine. The Canter had come from Doddaballapur.Three men volunteered to help. They began pushing the vehicle down the slope as Shekhar, who was in the driver's seat, repeatedly attempted to start the engine.As the vehicle gained momentum, Shekhar lost control over the Canter and he applied brakes but they did not work. The vehicle sped down the slope, mowed down a pedestrian and rammed another. The Canter ground to a halt after hitting two bikes parked by the roadside.Shivakumar, 22, the first pedestrian, came under the wheels of the Canter and died on the spot. A Kengeri resident, Shivakumar worked with a garment showroom in the City Market area.The other pedestrian was severely injured and rushed to Victoria Hospital where he was operated upon. His condition is stable but his identity is yet to be ascertained, police said.Magadi Road traffic police have seized the Canter and detained driver Shekhar.Unemployed youth ends lifeA 31-year-old unemployed youth was found hanging from the ceiling fan at his PG accomodation in Indiranagar on Saturday evening.The deceased was identified as T Jithu, 31, a native of Kerala. Jithu's parents and family lived at Mahadevapura in the city. Jithu was working at a private company for some years but lost the job recently.Owing to a family dispute, Jithu refused to stay with his parents and took up a PG accommodation on 12{+t}{+h} Cross, Indiranagar.Jithu was desperately looking for a job for over three months. Depressed over his failure to find a job and the family dispute might have made him take the extreme step, police said.On Saturday evening, Jithu's roommate came back from work and found him hanging from the ceiling fan of the room.The local police were alerted. They brought down the body, which was handed over to his family after an autopsy. A case has been registered at the Indiranagar police station.Cleared Prasad/uk", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17000620", "title": "Basic amenities non-existent for most dalits: Study", "text": "MANGALORE: A study carried out by The Centre for Study of Social Exclusion and Inclusive Policy (CSEIP), Mangalore University on dalits in the state reveals that housing of more than 40% of dalit families in select districts of Karnataka is either thatched huts or tiled with mud.About 53%houses are constructed with cement wall and are tiled. However, these houses are constructed and distributed to them under various government schemes and of very poor quality.Only 5% of the families have RCC houses. In Kolar, the percentage of RCC houses owned by dalit families is about 17.3%, but in the villages of other district the number if very less.In the study area, about 11.7% families are living in one-room houses. Nearly 34.8% of the houses there are kitchens and a single room. Close to 40.6% families have two-room houses and 12.9% families have three-room houses.Availability of electricity connection to dalit families in villages is mainly through government schemes and 79.5% dalit families have electricity connection. The power connection is for lighting purpose only and the quality of lighting is very low with minimum switches or bulbs. Very few dalit families have better lighting, more bulbs and tube lights. Nearly 20.5% of the families do not have any electricity and are using kerosene fuel for lighting purpose. About 74.8% of dalit families do not have bathrooms and only close to 8.7% families have bathrooms attached to their houses. Only 9.3% of dalit families in rural areas are having this bathing facility inside their houses. Another 7.2% of families are having this facilities outside the house or separately. Most of the houses are single room or a room with kitchen and space for bathing is not available inside the house.The latrine facility is very important as it plays an important role in hygiene condition and on health of household members in the rural area. More than 92.6% of dalit families do not have latrine facilities. The public tap provided by village panchayat is the main source, but this public tap is normally only one tap for all dalit families in most villages as the survey observations.CSEIP carried out this study under a three-year programme sponsored by ICSSR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16997943", "title": "Gang who robbed truck drivers held", "text": "PUNE: The crime branch on Sunday claimed to have solved 10 cases of highway robberies with the arrest of four dacoits. The police have also seized sharp weapons and two motorcycles from them.Acting on a tip-off, a team led by inspector Sunil Pawar arrested Kiran Shirsat (22), Umesh Gajdhane (23), Chikya Jadhav (20), all from Pandarwadi in Maval taluka, and Rajesh Panikaran (32) from Kerala.Investigations have revealed that during the last year, the gang had robbed several truck drivers on the Pune-Mumbai highway. \"We have solved 10 cases of highway robberies following the arrests,\" Pawar said.Pawar said that constable Gunshilan Rangam had received a tip-off that a gang of five dacoits would be coming near a petrol pump at Wakad on Saturday around 7.30 pm. \"We laid a trap and nabbed four of them. One person managed to escape.\"\"The police have seized sharp weapons, sticks, rope, chilli powder and two motorcycles from the suspects. During interrogation, they have admitted to their involvement in several robberies on the highway between Hinjewadi and Talegaon Dabhade,\" Pawar said.Pawar said the gang used to rob truck drivers between 10 pm and 4 am. \"They used to force vehicles to stop by blocking the road. They would barge into the cabin and rob the driver and cleaner at knifepoint.\"The gang had committed robberies in the jurisdiction of the Haveli, Dehu Road, Talegaon Dabhade and Wadgaon Maval and Hinjewadi police stations. The police team comprised constables Arun Surve, Ashok Gaikwad, Shashikant Shinde, Rajendra Shinde and Kaluram Renuse.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16998708", "title": "75 dengue cases over weekend", "text": "NEW DELHI: Despite a fall in temperature, dengue cases continue to be reported in the city. The municipal corporations said 75 confirmed cases of the vector-borne infection have been identified over the weekend taking the tally to 910. South Delhi remains the worst hit with 335 case followed by north (297) and east (234).\"Mosquito-breeding is still happening, mostly inside households and office premises. Room temperature is most conducive to the growth of the virus,\" said a senior municipal official. He said as they cannot check every house, people must ensure there are no unused baskets or flower vases, which are the most common sites of mosquito-breeding. It rained last week, which led to collection of water at many places.Residents in many areas complain that measures for sanitation are not sufficient, causing the spread of many other diseases such as typhoid and malaria. \"The parks in our area are not maintained properly. The horticulture waste - pruned tree parts, grass and waste material - is lying all around, which is a major health hazard. We have written to the authorities but no action has been taken so far,\" said S L Watwani, who lives in Safdarjung Enclave.He said fogging and spraying of insecticides should be done on time to prevent mosquito-breeding and repeated outbreaks of diseases like dengue. Dengue has claimed two lives so far - nine-year-old Tabassum Khan who died at AIIMS, and another patient who died of the disease at Lok Nayak Hospital. Experts say the predominant strains of dengue virus are strain I and III, which are milder.\"The spurt in cases, however, could be because not many people are exposed to dengue I virus and there is lack of immunity against it. Dengue III has led to outbreaks before,\" said one of the experts.Last year, Delhi reported 684 dengue cases till October 28 and five deaths. In 2010, 5,336 cases of dengue were reported during this period and eight deaths.Residents complain that measures for sanitation are not sufficient, causing the spread of many other diseases such as typhoid &amp; malaria.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16997619", "title": "Digvijay Singh defends Centre stand over LPG", "text": "BHOPAL: AICC general secretary and former chief minister Digvijay Singh on Sunday accepted that inflation is the greatest challenge facing the nation today. Addressing a gathering of state Mahila Congress' workers at a function here, Digvijay Singh defended the Manmohan Singh government's decision on reducing subsidy on cooking gas cylinders.\"You must be wondering why such a step was taken to reduce subsidy on cooking gas cylinders,'' Singh said. \"From petroleum products, including sale of petrol and diesel, the Union government earns Rs 85,000 crore as taxes. But the subsidy towards cooking gas costs the exchequer an exorbitant Rs 1.4 lakh crore. The state governments earn as much as Rs 1.1 lakh crore from VAT alone, but do not want to shell out anything towards subsidising cooking gas.\"Digvijay Singh said if the Union government was giving subsidy on six gas cylinders, then states should fund the rebate on at least three more cylinders. \"That way there would be nine gas cylinders on subsidised rates available for every family. Congress-ruled states like Rajasthan and Haryana have already taken the decision to subsidise the three additional cylinders,\" he claimed.He contended that Madhya Pradesh sells gas cylinders at the highest price in the country. \"The BJP calls for Bharat bandh to protest cut in cooking gas subsidy while it sells the same at the steepest rate in a state ruled by the party,\" he said.Singh asked Congress women workers to spread the word of kerosene black marketeering throughout the state and the assembly elections would be won. \"Go to every village and inform the people that the BJP government is selling the Centre's schemes as their own. The funds are coming from the Union government and the BJP state is only changing the names of the schemes and proclaiming them as their own. You do this much of a task and the Congress will come back to power,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16998368", "title": "Bansal faces tough task in turning around ailing railways", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pawan Kumar Bansal seems to be well aware of the tough task he has before him as the new railway minister considering that the national transporter is under huge financial stress.Soon after the announcement, Bansal said his priority will be to improve the financial health of the public sector behemoth. \"My priority is to improve the health of the ministry both physical and financial,\" Bansal told reporters.It will be interesting to see whether Bansal, the first Congress nominee to hold charge of the crucial infrastructure ministry in 16 years, will bite the bullet by increasing passenger tariff which has not been touched since 2002-03 and take other bold reforms advocated by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to revive the railways.The new minister deflected a query on fare hike by saying the task of improving financial health was a larger exercise. \"It has to be a larger exercise. It does not have to confine to just increasing fares or freight rates... That is not the only factor on which the physical or financial health will depend upon,\" he said.The railways has to gear up for the challenge of catering to the growing needs of a high growth economy, be it transportation of goods, foodgrain or machinery for the business sector with higher speed and safety.Poor finances has affected investment in vital operational areas like safety, signalling and interlocking system and track renewals. The new minister has to urgently address the issue.The backlog of track renewals has grown at a time when traffic has increased. Eliminating unmanned level crossings, which are the cause of many fatal accidents, is another challenge.On safety aspects, Bansal said, \"My endeavour will be to make train journey safe and comfortable so that it remains a preferred mode of transport in the country.\"He added, \"We have to look into many aspects to see if we can cut expenditure, where we can utilize the resources properly and if necessary how to go about the issue of fare, with the larger objective of providing better services to the people.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16999108", "title": "\u2018Partha\u2019s suicide unbelievable\u2019", "text": "LUCKNOW: While family members and police maintain Partha ended his life due to prolonged depression, people who have interacted with Partha closely found the news unbelievable. Further, they described Partha as like any other guy of his age who always looked forward to positive things.According to police, Partha was seeking medical care for sometime now and used to remain disturbed because of his illness. On the contrary, Partha who was pursuing a Masters degree in History from Lucknow University, had joined coaching for civil services four months back, does not come across as someone who would give up on life out of depression as stated by the police.P N Tripathi, who had been mentoring Partha for the past few months was shocked to hear the news and said it was \"beyond belief\".Tripathi described Partha's as a fairly good looking and smart young man. \"Partha was a soft-spoken, cultured and well-groomed boy who often came to me for career related advice,\" recollected Tripathi.Moreover, Partha was trying hard to catch up with the senior peers of his batch and had rarely missed his class in the past four months, his batch mates say.\"His father was extremely worried and concerned about his studies and used to take feedback from me regularly,\" added Tripathi.Partha's maternal aunt too visited the coaching centre on several occassions, \"to take stock of Partha's progress,\" according to Tripathi.Partha used to wear spectacles while reading and hung out with a small group of friends after classes. \"He wanted to prove himself and had a lot of potential to do so. Rarely did our conversations go beyond academics and civic services preparations,\" added Tripathi.Partha's father Chitrangad joined the police services in 1983 and became an IPS (state police services) in 1996 and also got his Masters degree in History.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17001860", "title": "Karan Johar clears the road for Ekta Kapoor", "text": "Ayan Mukerji-directed Yeh Jawani Hai Deewani starring Ranbir Kapoor and Deepika Padukone was originally slated for release on March 29. However, producers Dharma Productions have now decided to postpone the date to May 31 because Karan Johar was keen on averting a clash with good friend Ekta Kapoor, whose Lootera hits theatres on the same day.A source told us, \"It is never a good idea to release big films on the same day. It just eats into each other's business and the audience gets divided. The shooting of Lootera is almost complete and Ekta Kapoor was contemplating attaching the promo of Lootera with KJo's Student of the Year . However that didn't happen. The entire shoot of Yeh Jawani Hai Deewani will be completed by November except for one song that will be shot in January.\"Lootera, co-produced by Balaji Telefilms and Phantom Productions, was earlier supposed to release in February but because of Ranveer Singh's unavailability for promotions, with his dates having already been allotted to Sanjay Leela Bhansali's Ram Leela, the film got pushed to March 29.A source told us, \"Ekta was the first to announce her release date. Karan was touched on hearing Ekta was willing to push her release date for him. So before that, Karan decided to shift his. He shares a great rapport with Ajay too and didn't want to complicate the situation.\"Even now, Karan having postponed Yeh Jawani Hai Deewani to May 31 still doesn't clear the road for Lootera completely, with Ajay Devgn starrer Himmatwala already slotted for release that day.Karan Johar and Ekta Kapoor remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16997430", "title": "Cabinet reshuffle: Rahul Gandhi takes poll position", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's \"last reshuffle\" of his ministerial team before the 2014 general elections on Sunday carries the first unmistakable stamp of Rahul Gandhi's ascendancy in the Congress party.Coming amid strong indications that Gandhi may soon be designated as secretary general or working president of the Congress, Sunday's changes were seen to be significant -- it appeared to mark the beginning of another generational shift in the 127-year-old party. The reshuffle is also an effort to put the party in battle mode for the 2014 polls.The Congress's \"younger set\", championed by Rahul, has got a leg up and key positions in the reshuffle, in which as many as 17 new faces were inducted. In terms of its sweep, nearly a third of Singh's Cabinet colleagues -- 10 out of 32 -- have been impacted by Sunday's changes.Jyotiraditya Scindia, Sachin Pilot, Manish Tewari, Jitendra Singh and Bharatsinh Solanki have all been assigned independent charge of ministries while Ajay Maken has been promoted to Cabinet rank. Taken together, the upgrades suggest a vote for the young and a desire to experiment.While the younger set didn't enter politics because of the Congress scion, the clear focus on them in this reshuffle is being widely ascribed to Rahul's growing involvement in government affairs. According to sources, this was the first time that Rahul cast aside his aloofness to discuss the ministerial team with the Prime Minister.Whether he played a role in the elevation of Pallam Raju, till now junior minister in defence, as Cabinet minister for HRD, is not known, but with his influence looming large, Rahul was also credited for Raju's rise.Ajay Maken at 48 is the youngest Cabinet minister, while 50-year-old Raju is seen as the youngest HRD minister in recent memory. Even Salman Khurshid at 59 looks a youthful foreign minister compared to his predecessors -- S M Krishna, Pranab Mukherjee and Natwar Singh .Besides Rahul's imprint, the exercise also reflects the PM's desire to repair his legacy by focusing on infrastructure ministries in the last stretch of his second innings, as well as his desire to pitch in for his favourites: Kamal Nath, Pawan Bansal, Ashwani Kumar and Khurshid have all fared well.Sunday's big shocker was the shunting of S Jaipal Reddy from the high-profile petroleum ministry to a relatively obscure science and technology. The change came as a surprise, and was seen as an \"insult\" by the supporters of the affable minister. Coming against the backdrop of the ministry's recent pushback of the influence of business interests in the oil sector, it raised eyebrows too.The PM's focus on infrastructure ministries was reflected in Jyotiraditya Scindia being given independent charge of the power ministry which has languished through UPA's two terms. Bansal's appointment as railway minister is seen as an effort to align the key transport sector with the PM's fresh focus on reforms.Bansal is the first full-time Cabinet minister belonging to Congress to hold charge of railways after C K Jaffer Sharief in 1995. His choice puts an end to the east's domination of railways beginning 1996, and more than compensates the Chandigarh MP for the loss of the ministries of water resources and parliamentary affairs.In terms of representation from states, Andhra Pradesh, Kerala, Punjab, West Bengal and Gujarat have done well. However, in a glaring oversight, those in charge failed to ensure even a single representation for the entire eastern and northeastern region, which together make up for 142 Lok Sabha seats, in the Cabinet.Khurshid's appointment as external affairs minister marks a rebuff to allegations of impropriety against him and clears the way for the first Muslim to be part of the Cabinet Committee on Security in 22 years, after Mufti Mohammad Sayeed served as home minister under V P Singh.Urban development minister Kamal Nath's networking skills have been recognised by giving him the additional charge of parliamentary affairs in a politically troubled season that's certain to create difficulties for the government in the coming winter session.Ashwani Kumar, in whom the PM puts a lot of trust, has been promoted to Cabinet rank and given charge of the law ministry. The leg up for the vocal Supreme Court lawyer, who has played a valiant defence attorney for the government, completes what Congress circles called the \"golden run\" for the Punjab region. Bansal and Tewari, members of Lok Sabha from Chandigarh and Ludhiana respectively, are the other members of the lucky set.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16999300", "title": "30,000 saplings planted in jumbo areas", "text": "COIMBATORE: The forest department has planted 30,000 saplings in key elephant populated areas in Coimbatore district to develop green fodder banks. The green fodder bank would reduce the growing incidents of man-animal conflict.The areas identified include Solakarai near Walayar, Athikadavu near Karamadai, Sadhanakola and Odanthurai in Mettupalayam, Thanikandi in Boluvampatti, Koodapatti in Periyanaickenpalayam and Kulukumaduvu near Sirumugai. \"We have planted 4,000 plants including wild mango, wild jack fruit, Bamboo, Teak, Peepal and Banyan varieties in 15 hectares at Thanikandi. We would supply water to the plants from Thanikandi River. The green fodder scheme will be helpful in reducing the man-animal conflicts,\" said M S Parthiban, forest range officer, Boluvampatti forest range.State government has allotted Rs3.45 crore to develop green fodder banks in the forests of Coimbatore district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "tuticorin", "code": "16999485", "title": "Tamil Nadu State Transport Corporation driver killed over business rivalry", "text": "TUTICORIN: A driver of a state transport corporation was murdered in Tuticorin, even as he was driving the bus on Saturday night.The driver was taking the bus to the depot as it was the last trip and there were no passengers inside when a trio got into the vehicle and attacked the driver. Police said that enmity over taking a contract to sell gravel was the motive behind the murder.Police said that the driver, V Murugan, 39, of Naranapuram near Vilathikulam had a clash with Pachaimal of nearby Kurukuchalai village two months back. While Pachaimal was trying to take contract to dig and sell gravel, few friends of Murugan were also eager to take the same contract. Ultimately Murugan's friends managed to get the contract. This irked Pachaimal and who picked up a quarrel with Murugan accusing him to be the reason behind his loss of contract and a clash ensued.Though the altercation was stopped at that time, Pachaimal had nursed a grudge against Murugan since then. On Saturday night, Murugan was driving the bus from Vilathikulam to Ilanthaikulam. After dropping the passengers at Ilanthaikulam, the bus was returning to the depot.The bus was nearing Kuraliampatti with just Murugan and the conductor in it when three persons stopped the vehicle. As soon as Murugan stopped the bus, the trio got into it and started attacking Murugan who collapsed in a pool of blood. The driver suffered multiple cut injuries and died on the spot. When the conductor raised an alarm, the trio threatened him with weapons and fled from the spot. Later, the conductor informed the transport corporation officials and the police.Police officials including Vilathikulam DSP Jesuraj visited the spot and conducted inquiries. The body was taken to the government hospital where a postmortem was performed and handed over to the relatives.The incident had shocked the employees of the state transport corporation in Tuticorin who have demanded the police to arrest the assailants immediately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16999115", "title": "I have taken wickets of six Cabinet ministers, says Anna Hazare", "text": "PUNE: Anti-corruption crusader Anna Hazare on Sunday sought to take credit for the resignation of six Union ministers. \"There is no blot on my character, hence I could fight with the goons so far... look, I have taken wickets of six cabinet ministers,\" he said.Hazare, who has recently undergone a cataract surgery, said here he would launch his one-and-half-year-long nationwide tour soon. He said he would \"communicate\" with people during the tour.Ahead of Sunday's reshuffle, three cabinet-rank ministers and three MoS had resigned. But Hazare referred to the all six as \"cabinet ministers\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16999683", "title": "Cops turn to Interpol for 3 suspects", "text": "BANGALORE: Police have sought the help of Interpol to issue red-corner notices for three terror suspects allegedly involved with the terror modules busted in August-September.The suspects are believed to be in Saudi Arabia, police said. In fact, one of them has been detained by Saudi authorities , they added.B Dayananda, joint commissioner of police (east) and in charge of the central crime branch which is probing the terror modules, confirmed that police were in the process of getting the red-corner notices issued against the suspects.CBI told to issue alert noticeThe city police have asked the CBI to issue red-corner notices for interrogating the three suspects - Mohammad Abdul Majeed, 47; Usman Ghani, 32; and Mohammad Shaheed Faisal, 27 - who were allegedly involved with the terror cells busted in August-September.\"We have asked the CBI to issue red-corner notices for interrogating these men,\" said B Dayananda, joint commissioner of police (east) and in charge of the central crime branch, which is investigating the busted terror modules. The CBI is the representative body of the Interpol, as the International Criminal Police Organization , based in Lyon, France, is known.Police sources said they have already obtained nonbailable warrants against these men from a Bangalore court.The three men are suspected to have been allegedly indoctrinated most of the 14 suspects arrested in Hubli and Bangalore, said sources. The men were planning to target a few prominent individuals in the state. The name of one of the three absconding men, Mohammad Shaheed Faisal, had prominently figured during the interrogations of the arrested suspects.Faisal, known by other aliases like Zaheed, Ustaad and Commander, was believed to have spoken to the 14 suspects on their recruitment and briefed them on the plots they had to execute. He is also believed to have given them two guns. Ghani is said to be in the custody of Saudi police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16998203", "title": "Court: Have separate cell for sex offenders", "text": "NEW DELHI: Taking a cue from the United Kingdom's \"separate sentencing policy\" for sexual offenders, a trial court has asked the director general of Tihar Jail to explore the possibility of keeping such offenders in a separate cell.Additional sessions judge Kamini Lau observed that sexual offender could not be treated at par with other criminals and as part of major prison reforms like other countries, India should also explore the possibility of giving separate prisons to these convicts with specific treatment plan.\"I am convinced that there is a desirability of keeping him (the convict) as well as others of his kind separately with other offenders (in a separate barrack which can be created for such offenders) where a specific plan is designed for them for their treatment,\" the judge said.The court's observations came while sentencing a man to 30 years in jail for strangulating his 10-year-old grandson after sodomizing him. The court made it clear that he would not be considered for any remission till he serves 20 years of jail term.The court also imposed a fine of Rs 1.10 lakh on Raju and said, if recovered, Rs one lakh should be given to the victim's family as compensation.The judge said the act of the convict was \"unthinkable\" and that those who mess with children must know that the justice system in India has \"zero tolerance\" for it and a single moment of madness can lead them to a life behind the bars.According to prosecution, the incident took place in May last year when the victim's father had gone to market to buy household necessities leaving the child in the custody of the accused who was residing in their house. Raju had taken the boy to a park where he sodomized him and after strangling the child, threw his body in bushes. The body was found the next day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17004103", "title": "Mahii Vij's brother Shekhar to debut with Gumrah", "text": "Ekta Kapoor and Lost Boy Production's Gumrah on Channel V hosted by one of the hottest hunk of TV, Karan Kundra looks like has become a launch pad for young budding talent.After Kritika Kamra's brother and choreographer Nishant Bhatt, it's time for Mahii Vij's brother Shekhar to debut on TV with Gumrah .Yes, this week the juvenile teen crime based show will witness an interesting story of four friends and Shekhar will play one of the four friends.Sources inform that the plot will revolve around four friends essayed by Nishant Bhatt, Shekhar Vij, Ali Khan and Sukirti Kandpal. Their life takes a dramatic turn when once these four friends get drunk and the character played by Sukirti gets pregnant.When contacted, Shekhar said, \"Yes, I am doing the show and am very excited to be a part of Gumrah.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16998170", "title": "Capriole shocks in season finale", "text": "PUNE: Sheraz Sunderji-trained filly Capriole, available at 20/1 in the betting ring, shocked many when she managed to score a thrilling win over Nadia to claim the Irish Thoroughbred Marketing &amp; Goffs RWITC Ltd. Gold Cup (Grade 2), the feature event on the concluding day of the Pune Season, on Sunday.Results (with Mumbai/Pune dividends):1. Classical Act Plate Div-II (1200m): Zidaan 1, Josephine 2, Follow Me 3, Serena 4. 2-1/2, 3, 2. T: 1:10.84. Tote: Rs 30 for win; 13, 19, 20 for places; Shp: 35; Fc: 171; Q: 156; Tanala: 711 and 779; 2. Delhi Race Club Trophy (1200m): Dovers Hill 1, Yuville 2, Sea Treasure 3, Saint N Sinners 4. 1-1/2, shd, \u00bd. T: 1:10.68. Tote: Rs 34 for win; 14, 11 for places; Shp: 31; Fc: 44; Q: 22; Tanala: 164 and 186; 3. Kejriwal Trophy Div-II (1200m): Victorious March 1, Maximus 2, Centrestage 3, Monza 4. Shd, 1-1/4, 4-1/4. T: 1:10.40. Tote: Rs 31 for win; 10, 14, 18 for places; Shp: 37; Fc: 67; Q: 32; Tanala: 106 and 73; 4. Democraticus Plate (2000m): Mountain Force 1, Perfect Strength 2, Blue Mellon 3, Phoenix Force 4. \u00bd, 2, \u00be. T: 2:00.66. Tote: Rs 49 for win; 12, 17, 28 for places; Shp: 42; Fc: 229; Q: 98; Tanala: 1222 and 698; 5. Red Mills Horse Feed Now In India Salver (1400m): Que Sera Sera 1, Woven Dreams 2, Ice Cool 3, Monet 4. 2-1/2, 1-1/2, 1-1/4. T: 1:24.74. Tote: Rs 39 for win; 12, 15, 16 for places; Shp: 39; Fc: 68; Q: 47; Tanala: 208 and 105; 6. Coolmore Juvenile Million (1000m): Decathlon 1, Mariinsky 2, Saturday Affair 3, Raptor 4. 1-1/2, 2-1/2, 1. T: 1:00.18. Tote: Rs 39 for win; 14, 14, 23 for places; Shp: 42; Fc: 141; Q: 48; Tanala: 445 and 342; 7. Irish Thoroughbred Marketing &amp; Goffs RWITC Ltd. Gold Cup Grade 2 (2000m): Capriole 1, Nadia 2, Onassis 3, Ocean And Beyond 4. Nk, 2-1/2, hd. T: 2:02.72. Tote: Rs 230 for win; 84, 24, 36 for places; Shp: 68; Fc: 1462; Q: 443; Tanala: 16852 and 4815; 8. Kejriwal Trophy Div-I (1200m): Borak 1, Afrojack 2, Arctic Minstrel 3, Bold Dancer 4. Hd, 2-1/2, nk. T: 1:11.04. Tote: Rs 70 for win; 20, 13, 44 for places; Shp: 36; Fc: 156; Q: 46; Tanala: 3054 and 2290; 9. Classical Act Plate Div-I (1200m): Snow Ball 1, Masterofthesky 2, Tag Along Tommy 3, Tamarai 4. 1, nk, \u00bd. T: 1:11.26. Tote: Rs 20 for win; 12, 34, 16 for places; Shp: 166; Fc: 331; Q: 327; Tanala: 1231 and 445; 10. Thundering Power Plate (1600m): Mon Ami 1, Fairy Empress 2, Atlantic Star 3, Snow Flake 4. 6-3/4, 1, hd. T: 1:39.20. Tote: Rs 31 for win; 19, 19, 22 for places; Shp: 65; Fc: 114; Tanala: 312 and 112.; 1st Jackpot: 70% Rs c/f &amp; 30% 18125 (4); 2nd Jackpot: 70% 120762 (3) &amp; 30% 22181 (7); Super Jackpot: 70% 111489 (1) &amp; 30% 47781 (1); 1st Treble: 601 (24); 2nd Treble: 9097 (2); 3rd Treble: 397 (92).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16998401", "title": "Missing manuscripts untraced for seven years", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state museum is yet to trace 17 valuable manuscripts that went missing seven years ago, even as a departmental audit pointed to complicity of a former museum curator. The manuscripts went missing because of negligence on the part of Karunakar Bisoi, who was then curator of the manuscripts section, museum superintendent Manjushree Samantray said quoting the audit report.The manuscripts reportedly included texts on Tantra, Ayurveda and Dharmasastra. \"Bisoi was incharge of the manuscript section when the manuscripts went missing. Verification revealed one palm leaf manuscript and 16 painted and inscribed manuscripts had gone missing,\" the superintendent said.Bisoi retired in 2007, two years after the incident. She said Bisoi's pension has since been withheld. No police case was filed as the museum officials passed the buck. \"I don't know why a police complaint has not been lodged. The matter had been intimated to director (culture),\" said the superintendent.Meanwhile, one of the two officials, who conducted the audit, died while the other retired. Rajkishor Mishra, a curator, died in 2008 while Dinabandhu Mishra, who was working as documentation assistant in the museum store, retired in 2007.As many as 37,000 manuscripts on 28 different subjects are preserved in the museum. These are rare manuscripts on Tantra, Ayurveda and Dharmasastra, Mathematics, Vastu, literature, Arthasastra, Kavya, Natya, Kama, Gosastra, Music and Dance and Art and Architecture.When asked, director (culture) Sushil Dash said based on the enquiry, his predecessor had written to the government to stop the pension of the official held responsible for the manuscripts going missing. \"A report regarding missing of manuscripts had been sent to the government following which the pension of Bisoi was withheld,\" said Dash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16997804", "title": "Cong\u2019s scion, his imprint &amp; his babalog", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress scion Rahul Gandhi may have once again passed up a job in government but his engagement with the ministerial reshuffle effected on Sunday was on evidence at the ornate Ashoka Hall in Rashtrapati Bhavan.Careful as ever not to offer comments on an occasion where the PM holds the spotlight, he could not resist a dig at the media when he said he was busy talking to his \"imprints\" after the ceremony was over - a reference to hectic speculation over his stamp on the reshuffle.But some time before he was interrupted while in conversation with Sachin Pilot, Jyotiradtiya Scindia, Milind Deora, Jitendra Singh and R P N Singh, he arrived at the oath taking ceremony along with mother Sonia Gandhi and sat in the second row behind Vice-President Hamid Ansari.Rahul soon struck up a conversation with Ansari and his bearded visage found nearly as much coverage on Doordarshan as Sonia Gandhi and PM Manmohan Singh. After the ceremony, he stayed back to chat with the younger crowd and jocularly said, \"I am talking with my 'imprints'.''The reshuffle, termed by the PM as the last before 2014 saw 22 ministers being sworn in. While smiles and congratulatory tones were evident, there was some suspense that remained unbroken till an hour later. The newly sworn in ministers did not have any official confirmation on their portfolios, so much so that finance minister P Chidambaram was seen asking if the list was \"out''.Minister of state (HRD) Shashi Tharoor, who made a comeback in the government, was seen with wife Sunanda Pushkar who in turn chatted with national security adviser Shivshankar Menon among others before the swearing-in ceremony. She was busy clicking pictures using her mobile phone as Tharoor walked up to the podium to take oath.Harish Rawat, a strong contender for the post of Uttarakhand chief minister after the March elections to the state assembly, had been unhappy after Vijay Bahuguna pipped him to the post. The elevation to Cabinet rank must have been gratifying.NCP's Tariq Anwar was the only representative from the UPA partners to be sworn in as a minister of state, marking his maiden entry into the government. He is the only minister from Bihar.While most of the 22 ministers took oath with ease, President Pranab Mukherjee had to help Porika Balram Naik, who seemed to have been hit by an attack of nerves. Naik rushed to greet Mukherjee and others after his oath, and almost forgot to sign his name. An official was seen reminding him to sign the register. Naik represents Mahbubabad in Andhra Pradesh in the Lok Sabha.All but one of the 22 ministers took the oath in the name of god. Tariq Anwar of the NCP made a solemn affirmation.Among those who were absent at the function included rural development minister Jairam Ramesh, agriculture minister Sharad Pawar and ministers who had tendered their resignations including Ambika Soni, S M Krishna, Mukul Wasnik and Sobodh Kant Sahay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "asholo ana bangali by his own admission, sudipto chattopadhyay misses everything about the city of joy \u2014 from phuchka and mishti doi to bangla theatre and poetry. born and brought up in kolkata, he did his film direction course from ftii, pune, before joining films and television. after pankh, sudipto is back with his next film, 'shobhna's seven nights', which is currently doing the rounds of various festivals. excerpts from an interview with the filmmaker", "code": "17002524", "title": "No 100 crore film for me: Sudipto", "text": "Asholo ana Bangali by his own admission, Sudipto Chattopadhyay misses everything about the City of Joy \u2014 from phuchka and mishti doi to Bangla theatre and poetry. Born and brought up in Kolkata, he did his film direction course from FTII, Pune, before joining films and television. After Pankh, Sudipto is back with his next film, 'Shobhna's Seven Nights', which is currently doing the rounds of various festivals. Excerpts from an interview with the filmmaker:", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16998526", "title": "Central empowered committee petitioned to restart legal mining", "text": "PANAJI: Various stakeholders from the mining industry urged the Supreme Court-appointed central empowered committee to restart legal mining in the state as it could affect the large number of people dependent on it and a long ban could even lead to drastic consequences.The CEC, which arrived in Goa on Sunday evening, met with the stakeholders, including representatives of owners of trucks, barges, machinery, and holders of leases and sarpanchas of panchayats in mining affected villages.The common theme of the submissions of the various stakeholders was urging the CEC to start legal mining in Goa immediately as their livelihoods are at stake. They also said their loans are on the verge of becoming non-performing assets in banks.Some village panchayats presented copies of resolutions taken by the bodies urging the CEC to start legal mining immediately. If the ban on mining continues in Goa for one more month, there may be suicides, they said.The CEC first met the petitioner Goa Foundation before meeting the other stake holders, CEC is supposed to visit scheduled mines in north and south Goa and present its report to the Supreme Court before the hearing which is scheduled on Friday.Also present for the interaction were BJP MLAs, Pramod Sawant (Sanquelim) and Subhas Phaldesai (Sanguem). Sawant said all six panchayats in his constituency and one civic body are dependent on mining. \"My constituency has a population of around 40,000 and 90% of the people are suffering due to stoppage of mining activity,\" Sawant said.Phaldesai, chairperson of Goa state cooperative bank, said the bank has exposure of about Rs 87 crore as loans that have been extended to various mining stakeholders.Panch members of Molem presented a resolution which recommended restarting of legal mining in Goa and also urging that the buffer zone be reduced to half a kilometer from the existing 10km from wild life sanctuaries in Molem. Similar resolutions were handed to the CEC by 49 other panchayats.Goa barge owners association president Atul Jadhav told media persons that the CEC had given them a patient hearing and had sought various details regarding the operations.He said he had also impressed upon the CEC that there are 6,000 crew working on the barges and 30,000 people employed in ancillary businesses. If mining is not resumed, then large-scale retrenchment will happen and this will affect the social fabric of Goa.The barges in Goa are totally dependent on mining transportation and some of them have started getting bank notices, Jadhav said.Shambha Gauns of north Goa truckers association said legal mining should be recommenced as the association members depended on mining activity for a living.The CEC is head by PV Jayakrishanan, a former MoEF secretary and ex-chief secretary of Goa, and has Mahendra Vyas and amicus curiae Siddharth Chaudhary as members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16998354", "title": "Sunday Bird Walk offers a unique experience for these residents", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: On Sunday, 13 bird watchers in the city set their alarm clocks a little earlier than usual. Equipped with cameras and binoculars, they were off to Punchakkary wetlands as part of the bird watch programme organized by the 'Sunday Bird Walk' group based in the city.The group which included freshers and experts led by A K Shivakumar, education officer, WWF-India began spotting birds from 6.30am. Jayachand Johnson, a microbiologist who takes bird watching as a serious hobby was overwhelmed at identifying the beautiful Purple Swamp hen.\"I could identify a few rare birds this time. Even though I have heard and read about 'Brahminy Starling', I saw it for the first time,\" said Jayachand.The group identified 63 species of birds including some migratory ones. This included the Yellow Wagtail, Grey Wagtail, Blue tailed Bee eater, Brown Shrike, Pheasant tailed Jacana, Western marsh Harrier, Green Shank, Spotted Sand Piper, Rosy Starling and Ashy Drongo. \"It was a charming experience to watch the flock of yellow wagtails and green shanks. It was sad to see a single spotted sandpiper where years before we used to identify more than thousands as a group,\" said Joseph Mappilasheri, an environmentalist. The four-hour long bird watching concluded with a discussion on the topics ranging from breeding plummage, bird migration, species dwindling, habitat loss and the high temperature in wetlands.\"It is my second bird watching experience. I was surprised to realize that I have learned to identify the birds,\" said Suparna Unni, a student from All Saints College.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16997853", "title": "Pvt schools say 17,000 students admitted under RTE", "text": "JAIPUR: Private schools based in Jaipur district have sought reimbursement for educating 17,000 children from the economically weaker sections under the RTE Act. The district education officers have compiled a list of 17,000 students till date reportedly admitted by 2,500 schools under RTE in the city for the 2012-13 session.The huge number has exposed the authorities claim that they never received enough RTE applications for the 25% seats reserved for underprivileged students. Also, the reimbursement to each school will not be a cake walk as the education officials have already rejected reimbursement claims for session 2011-12. As per the provisions of the RTE Act, all private schools are supposed to reserve 25% seats in their entry-level classes for children from economically weaker sections (EWS) of society.Schools are entitled to receive reimbursements from the education department for providing free education to these children. Though, education officials took credit for the high number of students, they said they will cross-check all schools on their claims. \"This year the rise in number is due to our continuous efforts for promoting RTE. We are hoping that the figure will cross 20,000 students. We would also verify the claims made by each school, which could take a few months,\" district education officer S C Meena said.Many claimants have expressed anger over not getting the reimbursement for admitting students in last the session.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16998589", "title": "Now, Aires Rodrigues opposes CM's third pick for state info commissioner", "text": "PANAJI: Right to Information (RTI) activist and lawyer Aires Rodrigues plans to stall government plans to appoint a state information commissioner for Goa for the third time.Rodrigues said that the state plans to appoint Goa public service commission chairperson Prakash Dessai as state information commissioner in violation of provisions of the Constitution of India. \"The Constitution of India clearly states that the chairperson of a public service commission cannot be appointed to any other government post after retirement,\" Rodrigues said, speaking at a RTI seminar at the International Centre-Goa, Dona Paula, on Sunday.\"This is the third 'P'. First, it was Pandurang Nadkarni, who was picked by chief minister Manohar Parrikar to be the state information commissioner. He had to pull out after RTI queries by me revealed that he had failed two attempts to clear his Class X exam, forget about holding a law degree. The second 'P', Pradeep Padwal, also did not have any knowledge of law. But the chief minister kept dilly-dallying for two months to keep him as state information commissioner. Now, it is another 'P',\" Rodrigues said.Rodrigues alleged that the chief minister has asked officers to slow down the process of giving information under RTI. \"Former chief minister Digambar Kamat never made use of the RTI, but Parrikar made use of it while he was in the opposition. Now, after assuming power he has asked officers to slow down giving information under RTI. The corruption of the previous government has continued post-March. Only the agents and beneficiaries have changed,\" he said.Rodrigues said that the Goa governor's office, itself, has refused to come under the RTI purview, which he has been battling for a long time now, and said that the situation seems bleak for RTI in these conditions.\"Before coming to power, Parrikar believed that the governor's office should come under RTI purview. Now, after the governor swore him as chief minister, he might have different views it seems,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17005128", "title": "Palakkad division observes vigilance awareness week.", "text": "MANGALORE: Observance of vigilance awareness week commenced at divisional office and field units of Palakkad railway division on Monday. This awareness week will be observed from October 29 to November 3.Piyush Agarwal, divisional railway manager, Palakkad administered the vigilance awareness pledge to officers and staff of divisional office on Monday.Posters and banners of anti-corruption slogans have been displayed in all important railway stations and offices to create awareness among public. Vigilance awareness week of this year is observed with the theme \"Transparency in Public Procurement\".Seminar, lectures, debates and essay competitions on anticorruption topics will be conducted among employees during the week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16997915", "title": "New laws soon for installation of water harvesting systems", "text": "JAIPUR: After receiving normal rainfall consecutively for two years in the state, the government is all set to make roof water harvesting system mandatory at all constructions with 300 square meters area and above. The policy has been drafted by the water resources department and is likely to be place before the cabinet in November.The draft policy makes it mandatory for any sort of construction in 300 sq m and beyond in the state to have roof water harvesting. The earlier notification made by the urban housing department has already made it mandatory to have such system in constructions in areas less than 300 sq m.\"This year, we had a good rainfall but lots of water got wasted in the absence of any harvesting system. Learning from our experiences, we now know that it is necessary for a state like Rajasthan and that is why we are working on concrete laws for it,\" a senior engineer of the water resources department said.The draft also suggests heavy penalties for defaulters by cutting off water and electricity connections. \"Those who do not comply with the law will be imposed with penalties and can even face water and electricity cuts,\" the engineer said.However, such initiatives by the state government in past have failed despite strict penalties. The ambitious drive by the JDA against house owners who do not construct the water harvesting system have not seen any significant results. Similarly imposing penalty of Rs 25,000 or seven days' imprisonment too remained ineffective in ensuring the compliance of orders.The draft does not include any provisions for the redundant water harvesting systems. Buildings, including government offices, where water harvesting plants have been constructed are not properly maintained. Among those plants not properly maintained included the one in the secretariat building.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16999359", "title": "Sinnar food poisoning: 22 discharged from hospital", "text": "NASHIK: The 22 members of a family from Chaas village, Sinnar admitted over a food poisining incident that killed three, have been discharged from hospital. One patient who had been admitted to the ICU is now in the general ward.The Sinnar tehsildar said that all those admitted in the hospital were out of danger and some had already been discharged.District health officer VM Kulkarni said that tests and investigations were being carried out to identify the exact cause of death of Kusum Ghuge (29 years) and Priyanka Ghuge (6 years). The third victim, two-month-old Krishna Gomase, had died earlier due to fever, the Sinnar tehsildar said.Hospital sources said that Mohan Ghuge, employed with Border Security Force (BSF) who lost his wife Kusum and daughter Priyanka, was earlier admitted to ICU but had now been shifted to the general ward and was recup erating well.Cops said that the Ghuge's had come to Sinnar from Belgaon, where Ghuge was posted, on October 22, and had been complaining about feeling unwell since then. The situation slowly aggravated which resulted in the death of the two. However, not wanting to chances, most of the members of Ghuge's extended family that consumed food were also taken to hospitals.Health officials further said that water samples had also been tested but since no villagers outside the Ghuge family had been affected, the investigation will now focus on the outcome of the laboratory results to determine the cause of death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16997877", "title": "Cong\u2019s hand blesses, corporates\u2019 dooms", "text": "NEW DELHI: If just one change in petroleum ministry could cloud the entire ministerial rejig with charges of corporate pressure, the flooding of the council of ministers with leaders from Andhra Pradesh was seen to border on the ridiculous.The elevation and induction of young ministers in key positions helped save the day for Congress which nearly fumbled in its much-awaited exercise intended to serve as the ultimate weapon to change the negative headlines.Sunday's recast of Team Manmohan had many dimensions though the sub-plot was to project Rahul Gandhi's growing footprint in party affairs. Given the elevation of seven young ministers to Cabinet or independent charge status, Congress managed to convey the message of impending generational shift.The rejig has substantially brought down the average age of the Union ministry, with a leg-up for dynasties like Scindia, Pilot, Maken, Dasmunsi and Solanki conveying the arrival of GenNext.Insiders were satisfied that the reshuffle's core message about Rahul's ascendancy had hit home, which will be bolstered by the coming organizational makeover.The substantive point, however, was accompanied by choices that bordered on the crude.The 'corporate hand' was seen behind divesting Jaipal Reddy of petroleum while there was speculation on why Anand Sharma lost out on external affairs.Kumari Selja was unhappy for the shift from the ministry of housing and urban poverty alleviation which was allotted to Ajay Maken who had seemed headed for the I&B; ministry. She has been given the social justice ministry.A big chunk of the reshuffle was Congress business as usual. Chandresh Kumari found a place in the Cabinet just because of ongoing Himachal polls, while Maharashtra and Madhya Pradesh went unrepresented.So much so that AICC general secretary Digvijay Singh said MP was disappointed to not find a single berth in the Cabinet. The Maharashtra contingent is worried it is vulnerable without a replacement for Maratha strongman Vilasrao Deshmukh, especially when local organization is proving weak in the wake of flux in the ruling coalition with NCP. There is no minister of Cabinet rank from the sprawling east India across 13 states.By general reckoning, the party hand stood forced by the imperatives of patchwork to cater to regional constituencies for the coming assembly and Lok Sabha battles.Bereft of ideas on how to tackle its sliding stock in post-YSR Andhra Pradesh, Congress used the reshuffle to give large representation to the state - four ministers of state, one Cabinet rank and one MoS with independent charge. Observers said barring Chiranjeevi, the large share for AP would not help if the party didn't back it with effective strategy to deal with the Telangana muddle and Jaganmohan Reddy's ascendancy in coastal and Rayalaseema regions.Like AP, the party has given multiple MoS berths to Bengal in the hope that it is not swept out post-Trinamool. Promotion to Cabinet rank for Harish Rawat was expected after the brouhaha over being ignored for the CM's post in Uttarakhand. Ajay Maken's elevation addressed factional balancing in Delhi.The survival of Sriprakash Jaiswal after allegations of Coalgate, along with Salman Khurshid embroiled in controversy, conveyed a subtle Congress message that it would not be arm-twisted by the anti-graft camp.However, a deft hand was seen at work in the way changes were done. Shifting of Khurshid helped provide a suave face to external affairs while taking him out of the firing line of IAC. Similarly, Pawan Bansal's shift to railways is seen as putting on repair work a man, post-Mamata Banerjee, who would not be distracted by railways-dependent constituencies, unlike members from Bihar and Bengal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16998751", "title": "Jharkhand neglected in Cabinet recast, say Congress &amp; BJP", "text": "RANCHI: The neglect of Jharkhand by the UPA government by not inducting a single person in the Union Cabinet has left both the Congress and the BJP fuming.Almost everyone in the state, irrespective of party affiliation, was expecting that at least one person would be inducted in the Cabinet who would fight for the cause of Jharkhand in New Delhi.\"Subodh Kant Sahay's name figured in many controversies, including coal scam, and everyone knew that he will be sacked from the cabinet. But by not inducting anyone from Jharkhand in the Cabinet, the UPA government has proved that they are not bothered about the welfare of the state,\" said a senior Congress leader.Criticizing the party high command for neglecting the state, a member of the Jharkhand Pradesh Congress Committee (JPCC) apprehended that the organization would further weaken in the state. \"We are already struggling for existence and the party is growing weaker at grassroots level. Now, when there will be no one at the Centre to raise the voice for Jharkhand, more people will move away in the coming days,\" the leader said.Sahay, being the local MP of Ranchi, tried to take up the issues of displacement and welfare of workers of public sector undertakings, especially the Heavy Engineering Corporation, at the Centre.However, a section of the JPCC is happy hoping that the high-profile leaders, who so far have ignored the grassroots workers, will now run behind them.\"We had formally protested against the MPs, including JPCC president Pradeep Kumar Balmuchu who was eyeing to replace Sahay in the Cabinet, during the visit of Rahul Gandhi. We had informed him that Balmuchu never thinks of the organization and probably because of that he was not inducted in the Cabinet,\" said a JPCC member. He, however, lamented the non-representation of Jharkhand in the Union cabinet.The BJP, too, took the opportunity to attack the UPA for neglecting Jharkhand. \"Everyone knows that PM Manmohan Singh and AICC president Sonia Gandhi are not bothered about the welfare of the state. They treat the mineral-rich state like a cow. This has been proved by not inducting a single person from Jharkhand,\" said BJP state president Dineshanand Goswami.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16998714", "title": "10-year-old raped, killed; body left in garbage bin", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 10-year-old girl was allegedly raped and then bludgeoned to death by her neighbour who dumped her blood-soaked body in a garbage bin in Pul Prahladpur area of southeast Delhi on Saturday night.The victim's body was discovered when her brother and other residents of the area followed a trail of blood from her house to the garbage dump. Police have arrested the neighbour, Gopal, who is understood to have confessed to the horrific crime.Gopal, a construction worker, told the cops he had raped the girl when she was alone in her house and knocked her out with a rolling pin when she threatened to inform her brother. He then dragged her to the garbage bin, killed her with a stone and hid the body in the refuse, additional commissioner of police (south-east) Ajay Chaudhry said.The cops are waiting for the autopsy report to confirm if the girl was sexually assaulted. The victim, who belongs to Katihar district in Bihar, had come to Delhi for treatment around 45 days ago and was staying with her brother in the slums of the Railway colony.Accused had rape case against him in BiharA senior cop said that Gopal, a father of three, and girl's family were from the same village in Bihar. The girl's brother, too, was a construction worker. Both Gopal and the victim's brother lived alone in the capital before the girl came to stay with the latter, Chaudhry said.On Saturday morning, the duo had left for work around 7am. The accused came back at 5pm while the girl's brother returned around 7pm and found his sister missing. \"When I entered the room, I saw blood everywhere. I got scared and began to look for my sister. There were blood stains on the ground which led outside. I came out and raised an alarm,\" the victim's brother said in his complaint.Trailing the blood spots, the brother found a piece of cloth lying near the garbage area. He and other residents began to look through the garbage and found the girl lying in a pool of blood. She was rushed to a hospital by police but was declared \"brought dead\".The cops have registered a case of murder. Initial questioning of the area residents revealed that Gopal, who was seen in the evening, had gone missing. It also came to light that Gopal had been charged with rape and molestation in Bihar. Chaudhry said after the accused became the prime suspect, a team led by Ambedkar Nagar ACP Dharmveer Joshi was formed. Cops were deployed at railway stations and bus stands while other teams began to look for Gopal at his friends' and neighbours' places.Gopal was arrested from the Tughlakabad railway station in the early hours of Sunday while trying to board a train to Bihar, a police officer said.He told the cops that he had tried to rape the girl earlier but did not succeed. On Saturday evening, he had alcohol with his friend and went to the girl's house on the pretext of watching TV. He allegedly molested her while watching TV and when she resisted, he raped her. The girl began to cry and threatened to reveal the matter to her brother after which Gopal picked up a rolling pin and hit her on her head.The accused also said that he smashed her head against the wall after which he dragged her to the garbage dump and hid the body. He collected his luggage and wanted to flee to Bihar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16998250", "title": "No one from east India in Manmohan's Cabinet", "text": "NEW DELHI: The entire eastern part of India, accounting for 142 Lok Sabha seats, will be unrepresented in the Union Cabinet, probably for the first time since independence.The over-reliance on youth and political messaging in dwindling states blinded Congress leadership to the fact that its recast of Team Manmohan would leave Bihar, Jharkhand, Bengal, Odisha, Assam and seven north-eastern states without a minister of Cabinet rank.The participation of east India has been weak in UPA-2 with only Pranab Mukherjee and Mamata Banerjee in the Cabinet till recently. Mukherjee's exit from government to Rashtrapati Bhavan and Banerjee's pullout has left a regional void. Except Bengal, other states had a negligible share in the last three years that is now a big zero.The highest ministerial position from the region is MoS-independent charge for Paban Ghatobar (Assam) and Srikant Jena (Odisha).It is in sharp contrast to UPA-1 which had four Cabinet ministers from the region in Pranab Mukherjee, Meira Kumar, P R Kyndiah and B K Handique.Jena, Cabinet minister in National Front government in the 1990s, was expected to get an elevation. Ghatobar, too, could have done with a promotion after Handique's fading out in 2011. Neither succeeded on Sunday.The \"step-motherly treatment\" contrasts starkly with the crude political messaging done in Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka from where Congress has a qualitative and quantitatively high share in the Cabinet.The void is seen as politically dangerous, as it conveys Congress's low priority for states that are viewed by the Hindi heartland as out of the national mainstream or by Congress as out of its power grip.The sentiment of being on the margins of power structure drives the sense of alienation in the north-east, while observers feel large eastern states are paying the price for Congress's fall from grace.Barring Assam, Congress is straining at the political fringes in Odisha, Bihar, Jharkhand and Bengal. It was sent on exile in Odisha and Bihar well over a decade ago and has steadily declined in Jharkhand. The party rode the coattails of Mamata to a rare good performance in Bengal assembly polls, but is again staring at darkness after the allies broke away.\"Imagine not a minister in the Cabinet from among eight states in one big, sprawling region. It has not happened since the Nehru era,\" a Congress leader lamented.Another surprised leader said such skewed representation led to resentment among people. \"No regime can say it will not appoint ministers from states that don't vote for it. A government belongs to and represents every state and people,\" an MP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16997897", "title": "Rajasthan Technical University debars 51 examiners for negligence", "text": "JAIPUR: Fifty-one examiners of Rajasthan Technical University (RTU) were debarred from checking answersheets following complaints of negligence during evaluation. The RTU has started giving answersheets back to students following a Supreme Court order.\"Examiners were found guilty of negligence. Soon, notices will be issued to all these examiners and their names will be uploaded on RTU website. This order will surely set a precedent. In future, examiners will not be complacent while doing their job,\" said RP Yadav, vice-chancellor, RTU, who refused to impose any penalty on these examiners.Many students, during cross-checking, alleged that their answersheets were not properly checked. In some cases, re-totalling was incorrect. While in other cases, some answers were not checked. The matter came to light when some students found glaring mistakes in awarding marks.Acting on the complaints, the RTU had formed a committee which looked into each and every complaint before submitting its final report. \"The committee found some silly mistakes made by these examiners including leaving answers unchecked, totalling mistakes and awarding marks not keeping the maximum marks in mind,\" said an RTU official.The marks of two students were corrected by the authorities and 30 other students will get corrected marksheets in the coming weeks. Shalini Kamat, a seventh semester engineering student in her complaint said: \"I found that two of my answers were not checked. The examiner had skipped them. This has reduced my grand total by 20 marks and affected my overall percentage.\"So far, 2,500 answersheets of fifth, sixth and seventh semesters were given to students following the Supreme Court order. There were over 100-odd complaints against examiners. The number will rise when results of other semesters come.\"We are choosing teachers with three to five years of experience to check copies for a while. Once everything is streamlined, we will allow less experienced teachers,\" said Yadav. Every examiner earns nearly Rs 25,000 for checking around 1,000 copies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16999515", "title": "Parking woes set to worsen", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Parking problem in the commercial areas of sectors 17, 22 and 35 is set to worsen further in the run up to Diwali with the number of visitors increasing manifold. Already, Sector 17 is short of space for over 3,400 cars, forcing commuters to make futile rounds of one parking lot after the other during peak hours.Both the UT administration and the MC have not acted on reports of two parking surveys, which had highlighted that \"Parking demand outstrips supply at most locations in the city.\"For instance, peak time parking demand for Sector 17 is 10,074 equivalent car spaces (ECSs), whereas what's available is only 6,658 ECSs. The survey conducted by the administration last year pointed out that the gap was to be met through multi-level parking.A UT urban planning department official said a detailed parking survey was conducted two years ago, besides the study as part of the Metro project, but there is no vacant space available for expansion of the existing parking lots. The only solution is construction of multi-level parkings, which are still in the works.Since sectors 17 and 35 also have a large number of private and government offices located there, commuters face problems at different times in the day as the peak time for each of the commercial parking lots is different. For instance, in Sector 17-E, it is 4.30pm to 5pm in front of Mickey Chhabra shop, 3.30pm to 4pm near Neelam Cinema and 7pm to 7.30pm in front of Sagar Ratna.People leave their vehicles for long hours mainly at parking lots near offices, banks and hotels, as employees park their vehicles in the morning, go to their work place and pick them up only in the evening when it's time to head home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16999397", "title": "GCDA might soon set up a restaurant on backwaters", "text": "KOCHI: If Greater Cochin Development Authority's (GCDA) plan materializes, Kochiites will get an opportunity to dine at a restaurant on backwaters, overlooking the Arabian Sea. As GCDA proceeds with the Marine Drive beautification project, they have come up with a proposal to set up a marina hotel utilizing the 36 pillars that were erected on the backwaters during the construction of Goshree bridges. The idea is to set up the hotel adjacent to the Kettuvallam bridge along the walkway that is under construction.GCDA chairman N Venugopal said, the restaurant has potential to become a major tourist attraction as it would offer visitors a panoramic view of the sea, Bolgatty Palace and distant islands. With GCDA going ahead with cable car and dolphinarium projects, it is expected that the Marine Drive would become a favourite destination among domestic and international tourists.Speaking on the feasibility of the project, he said it was possible for the authority to draft a design taking into account coastal regulation zone rules. The contractors of Goshree bridges had erected these pillars for building girders for the bridges.\"They were abandoned when bridge work was finished. The pillars are strong enough to support a restaurant. GCDA is in talks with Cochin Port Trust to set up the hotel,\" Venugopal said, adding that the project won't face much objection since there would be no land acquisition problems.Venugopal said GCDA would set up toilets at specific spots along the walkway.\"There is a provision for providing toilets under the Kettuvallam bridge. GCDA is also willing to install public toilets in different parts of the city. Without the co-operation of other government agencies like the city corporation, it is not possible for us to take up such initiatives,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "araria", "code": "16999814", "title": "Araria district education officer stops 13 teachers' salary", "text": "ARARIA: When district education officer (DEO), Araria, Rajivranjan Prasad Sinha, inspected the two madrassas under Palasi block of Araria district on Saturday on receiving complaints showing fake attendance of not only students but also teachers as also fraudulent drawals, he did not find any student or maulvi (urdu teacher) at either institution. Interestingly, even the employees were found absent.The DEO did not find even a single student out of the 429 students shown admitted in Madrassa Islamia and no student out of the 225 students shown admitted in Madar Setul Banat Madrassa at Mianpur village. After the inspection, the DEO has forthwith stopped the payment of salary to all the 13 teachers working in both the madrassas till further orders, and the principal maulvi of both the institutions have been directed to submit their respective reports by October 31.The DEO has also asked the principal maulvi of both the institutions to furnish details of entire allotment received and expenditure made during the last five years along with attendance registers, examination registers, rollsheets, marksheets, cash book, mid-day meal registers etc.According to reliable sources, all the 13 maulvi teachers have been receiving their salary without teaching. The two institutions were also receiving foodgrains for mid-day meal and money for all the 654 students shown admitted to the two madrassas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "16998156", "title": "Poacher, rhino horn smuggler arrested in Golaghat; 30 caught in past month", "text": "JORHAT: Police arrested a rhino poacher along with a rhino horn smuggler from Bokakhat area in Golaghat district on Sunday morning.However, nothing was found on them. With these arrests, the number of persons apprehended for involvement in rhino poaching or smuggling of horns in Karbi Anglong and Golaghat districts mounted to 30 in the past month.Police said based on some inputs, Diphu police launched an operation against poachers in Karbi Anglong on Saturday night. But the duo managed to flee to Golaghat where they caught later.\"Acting on a tip-off, we arrested two persons from Bokakhat this morning. The arrested persons were identified as Ghisuwal Jaiswal (rhino horn smuggler) and Ganesh Dolly (poacher),\" said superintendent of police (Karbi Anglong) B B Chetry. He added that Jaiswal, a resident of Diflou area in the district, was involved with rhino horn smuggling business and Ganesh was a resident of Palashjuri village in Golaghat.The police official also said rhino poaching in Kaziranga National Park and its adjacent areas in Karbi Anglong is under control for the past few days as 30 persons involved in poaching and smuggling have been put behind the bars during the past month. Moreover, police, army and CRPF personnel are also carrying out combing operations at all probable locations in Karbi Anglong to foil any poaching attempts in the hills.Last month, poachers killed five rhinos and chopped off their horns in Kaziranga and its nearby areas when the park was ravaged by the floods. The state forest department and police faced a scathing attack by environment workers and various organizations after poachers chopped off horns of two rhinos while the animals were still alive. But the situation has gradually come under control following a few breakthroughs made by the security forces in the poacher-dominated areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16998523", "title": "Congress overlooks Goa for Cabinet berth yet again", "text": "PANAJI: Goa was ignored yet again on Sunday when neither of its two Congress MPs-Francisco Sardinha and Shantaram Naik-were given a berth in the Union Cabinet. It is eight years now since Goa had a minister at the Centre. During the term of UPA I too Goa had remained unrepresented in the ministry.The omission surprised political leaders across party lines in the state.State Congress president Subhash Shirodkar was direct in his comments. \"It is bad. I was expecting Sardinhabab to be inducted into the Union Cabinet. They should have considered Goa. We will definitely take up the issue when we meet the high command, when we go to New Delhi in the first week of November,\" Shirodkar said.Rajya Sabha MP Shantaram Naik played the role of loyal party soldier to the hilt and said, \"Whatever the high command decides is good for me.\" Asked if it was not his wish to get a ministerial berth, Naik said, \"I would be a hypocrite if I said I did not wish to be in the Cabinet. Especially because Goa has not been represented in the Union Cabinet for practically eight years. Still, whatever the Prime Minister decides is okay with me. I will work in whatever capacity I am asked to,\" Naik said.Shripad Naik lamented that Goans were not given representation in the UPA 2 Union ministry. \"Goa is a progressive state and it would have helped us if we were given representation in the Union cabinet. They should have considered giving representation to Goa regardless of which government is ruling in Goa,\" Naik said.The BJP MP from North Goa was Union minister of state from 2000 to 2004 holding various portfolios, including agriculture, ports and shipping, civil aviation, road and transport, and finance.Two others from Goa who have been Union ministers are Eduardo Faleiro , who was minister of state from 1986 to 1996 holding various portfolios, including that of external affairs and finance, and Ramakant Khalap was inducted as minister of state for law and judiciary (1996-1997).Of the three, Faleiro has had the longest stint as central minister. From 1986 to 1988 he was Union minister of state for external affairs, and then till 1989 was Union minister of state for economic affairs (finance). In 1991 he returned to the external affairs ministry, and between 1993 and 1996 he was minister for chemicals and fertilizers, ocean development, electronics and parliamentary affairs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17001707", "title": "'Argo' tops weekend box office with $12.4m revenue", "text": "'Argo', inspired is by the real-life rescue of six U.S. embassy workers during the 1979 Iranian hostage crisis, finally found its way to the top of the box office after three weeks with a revenue of 12.4-million-dollars this weekend.The Warner Bros. thriller, which stars Ben Affleck , had been in the second place since the past two weeks and has now made about 60.8 million dollars in total.Debuting at number three was the sprawling, star-studded 'Cloud Atlas', which made a disappointing 9.4 million dollars, the New York Post reported.It was a soft weekend all around, though, with several newcomers opening poorly, Hollywood.com box-office analyst Paul Dergarabedian pointed out.The horror sequel 'Silent Hill: Revelation 3-D' from Open Road Films debuted at number five with 8 million dollars and the Paramount Halloween comedy 'Fun Size' arrived in 10th place with just over 4 million dollars.'Chasing Mavericks', an inspirational surfing drama from Fox 2000, came in at number 13 with 2.2 million dollars.The top 10 movies at the weekend box office were:Argo - 12.4 million dollarsHotel Transylvania - 9.5 million dollarsCloud Atlas - 9.4 million dollarsParanormal Activity 4 - 8.7 million dollarsSilent Hill: Revelation 3-D - 8 million dollarsTaken 2 - 8 million dollarsHere Comes the Boom - 5.5 million dollarsSinister - 5.07 million dollarsAlex Cross - 5.05 million dollarsFun Size - 4.1 million dollars", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "16998750", "title": "Homemaker murdered by brother-in-law", "text": "HOWRAH: A 30-year-old woman was allegedly murdered by her brother-in-law for trying to avoid his advances on Sunday morning. The woman was murdered in front of her two children - an eight-year-old son and a six-year-old daughter. The 26-year-old jilted lover then tried to commit suicide by drinking poison. He is now being treated in the Uluberia Hospital.Sudha Majhi, the victim, was at home with her two children and brother-in-law Sashanka when the crime took place at Bagnan's Patinan area. Sudha's husband Dipankar had left for his electrical goods shop near their house.According to police, Sudha and Sashanka had some heated argument before the latter attacked his sister-in-law. Locals alleged that the accused smashed Sudha's head with a hammer. The eight-year-old son ran to his father's shop and informed him of the attack.Dipankar rushed back home and found his wife lying unconscious in a pool of blood. But his brother was nowhere to be found. By this time, neighbours had also rushed in. They started to look for Sashanka and found him in a playground. He had already taken poison. Both Sudha and Sashanka were rushed to hospital, where Sudha was declared brought dead.According to police, Sashanka was obsessed with his sister-in-law. Recently, the family had found a match for him. But Sashanka had rejected the proposal.Sources said Sudha had been trying to avoid Sashanka for the past few weeks. \"Prima facie it appears that Sashanka could not accept the fact that his sister-in-law was trying to avoid him,\" said a police source. Later, Dipankar lodged an FIR against his brother. Police will grill Sashanka once he is released from the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16998938", "title": "Kingfisher told to compensate a Bangalore flier", "text": "BANGALORE: Kingfisher Airlines has been asked to compensate a Bangalore passenger for having failed to inform him in time about the cancellation of a Chennai-Port Blair flight in February this year.A consumer court recently directed the airlines to pay Rs 13,000 to Sqn Ldr (retd) Devendra Goyal, resident of Vidyaranyapura, for causing him mental agony by not disclosing the status of the flight in spite of his efforts to make enquiries with the staff.Goyal was forced to cancel his ticket two days before the date of journey after attempts to contact the airline authorities failed.The complainant had booked tickets with Kingfisher Airlines but later had doubts over the flight operating on schedule. \"When he wanted to verify, it was the airline's duty to reply and confirm that his flight was indeed on schedule. But the airline did not respond at all to the complainant's efforts to verify the real position, and he was kept in the dark,\" the judges observed in their August 14 order.\"The complainant had already made arrangements for hotel reservation and other things at Port Blair, and the payments made were not refundable,\" the judges said. The complainant was put to mental agony because there was no certainty about his trip, they added.\"If the flights were on schedule, the airline could have, at least, confirmed the same... The airline failed to discharge its duty, and in our opinion, it amounted to deficiency in service,\" said president T Rajashekharaiah and member H Shivalingappa of the 3rd Additional District Consumer Dispute Redressal Forum.The airline was told to pay Rs 10,000 as compensation for causing mental agony and Rs 3,000 as costs to Goyal.NO COMPENSATION AS YETKingfisher Airlines had been asked to pay compensation within 30 days. It hasn't happened as yet. Nor have I received any intimation about the order being challenged.Sqn Ldr (retd) Devendra GoyalWHAT'S THE CASESqn Ldr (retd) Devendra Goyal purchased a ticket for a Kingfisher Airlines flight from Chennai to Port Blair on February 26, 2012. On hearing about en masse cancellation of Kingfisher flights, Goyal made repeated calls to the airline's helpline to ascertain the correctness of the news. But he got no reply.In his complaint, Goyal alleged that he'd planned the holiday in advance and the money paid for hotel reservation wasn't refundable. Hence, he had no alternative but to buy tickets from other airlines. On February 26, the date of the journey, Goyal was informed about the flight cancellation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17003060", "title": "Vijay impresses his fans", "text": "Tamil actor Vijay has always been known for his philanthropic activities. The actor was recently in Hosur to preside over the wedding of ten couples. The actor wanted to deliver a speech post the wedding, but due to some technical glitches with the microphones, he was unable to do so. He then decided to meet all the ten couples in person and meet them personally. Though this made the couples happy, the actor's fans who had gathered at the venue were quite disappointed as they couldn't hear him speak. Vijay later met his fans in groups.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16998570", "title": "'Be ready for sacrifice always'", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The festival of Eid ul Azha or Baqrid was celebrated all over the city with traditional fervour and gaiety on Saturday. Special prayers were offered in masjids, eidgahs and imambaras of the city. Special arrangements for offering prayers were made. Later, sacrifice of animals was offered everywhere.There was considerable activity right from the morning as Muslims thronged the masjids in large numbers spilling over to the adjacent roads. Excitement was writ large on faces of the children wearing new and colorful clothes.The main prayers were held at Jama Masjid, Chowk. While addressing the gathering, former Shahar Qazi Syed Qari Sayyed Maqbool Husain Habibi highlighted the importance of sacrifice. He said the festival sends out the message that one should always be ready to sacrifice money, time and even our lives if need arises. He prayed for peace and prosperity in the country. Prayers at the Jama Masjid were led by Naib Shahar Qazi Syed Rais Akhtar Habibi while prayers at the Eidgah were led by Syed Wajahat Husain.Prayers were also offered at Shia Jama Masjid, Chak, Imambara Arab Ali, Dariyabad, Masjid Shah Wasiullah, Shahi Masjid Bahadurganj Daira, Jama Masjid Wasiabad, Masjid Umar Farooq Wasiabad, Masjid Khanqah Halimia Chak, Jamia Darusslam , Khwaja Masjid, Leader Road, Darul-uloom Afzalul Madaris, Masjid Qadam Rasool, Masjid Mohammadia, Ghausnagar, Munna Masjid, Noorie Masjid, Masjid Abu-Bakr, Kareli, Masjid Daira Shah Ajmal and others.After prayers, goats and other animals were sacrificed and residents visited each other to exchange Eid greetings. Many mouth-watering delicacies were prepared on the occasion throughout the day including biryani and sewain.In the rural areas, prayers were offered at different places including Handia, Phulpur, Main ka pura, Saidabad, Bharatganj, Sewait, etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17002402", "title": "Anjan and Neel Dutt's scintillating performance", "text": "They're composers, they're singers father-son duo, Anjan and Neel Dutt, gave a scintillating performance at the HHI, recently to a packed house.The occasion? A private channel was celebrating the festive season. There was even a Mahishasura Mardini act. Those present among the audience lapped up the cross-cultural extravaganza eagerly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17002666", "title": "We shouldn't raise fingers at anybody's creativity: Rajpal Yadav", "text": "Rajpal Yadav has played every kind of role in all genres of movies possible. But people fondly remember his comedy stints the most.So the actor is back to amuse the audiences with his next comedy-satire Ata Pata Lapata . Rajpal, who also makes a debut as a writer and director with this movie, says, \"This film is a musical satire. Ye aaj kal ki sacchai hai . We're trying to entertain people as well as give a message through this film.\" He adds, \"I would describe this movie as a musical chaos. It is a desi Broadway. We have narrated the entire story through songs and dance.\"Rajpal, who also shakes his leg for the first time in this movie, also has a track where he dresses up as a woman and dances. Amidst rumours of him being a part of TV dance reality show Nach Baliye along with his wife, he says, \"I only want to concentrate on cinema right now and have a lot of commitments here. After I'm done with other things will I think about TV. For the moment, I am not doing anything on the small screen.\"Talking about dance and comedy, ask him about his take on the numerous item numbers in every movie these days and the change in comedies and he says, \" Desh badal gaya hai. Sabka entertainment ka apna apna tarika hota hai and kisi ki creativity pe ungli nahi uthai ja sakti. \"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16999391", "title": "Gutka worth 7 lakh seized near highway", "text": "NASHIK: Unit III of the crime branch seized banned gutka worth over Rs 7 lakh in a raid at Kasturi Park Society, behind City Care Hospital off Nashik-Pune Highway.As many as 4.61 lakh sachets of Hira gutka, and 15,000 sachets of Vimal gutka and Chingari gutka were confiscated in the raid, led by police inspector Sanjay Sanap of the crime branch.Sanap said that the total worth of the gutka confiscated was Rs 7.10 lakh and further investigation will be conducted by the Food and Drugs Administration (FDA).The crime branch got information of a person named Prabhakar Amritkar who had stocked gutka illegally and was distributing it secretly in the city. Sanap and his team comprising API B U Shinde, Somnath Satpute, Premchand Gangurde, head constable Subhash Gunjal, police naik Vishal Salunke, Prakash Malode, Sharad Khairnar, Mukesh Dhavle, Amit Shinde, Ramiz Shaikh and Mukthar Pathan raided three shops in Kasturi park society and confiscated the said material.Sanap said that the action was conducted under the guidance of CP Kulwant Kumar Sarangal, DCP Sandeep Diwan and ACP Avinash Ambure.FDA officials also reached the spot as soon as the raid was conducted at 3pm on Sunday.The officials said that so far, they had confiscated gutka worth Rs 80 lakh.The gutka that has been confiscated will be soon destroyed, FDA officials added. Meanwhile, action against the accused will be taken according to the FDA rules.Officials from the FDA said that their team is also working across the district and division to ensure that the ban of gutka is effective. They added due to lack of sufficient staff, they have to take help from police officials.Even if the police get information about stocking and distributing gutka illegally, they have to hand over the banned product and the accused involved in the concerned crime to the FDA for further action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16997381", "title": "Caste tangle hits Purandeswari\u2019s elevation", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Kamma caste lobby in the Congress seems to have played spoilsport with their own 'muddu bidda.' Daggubati Purandeswari, who was hopeful of elevation to the cabinet rank till a few minutes before Manmohan Singh effected the much-needed cabinet reshuffle on Sunday morning, was left to fend for the crumbs. If sources are to be believed, her chances were scuttled by a strong Kamma troika led by senior MP Kavuri Sambasiva Rao, who put in his papers on Saturday after he learnt that he was not being given a berth.Party insiders aver that the high command was forced to beat a hasty retreat following vehement opposition from the MPs -- Kavuri, Rayapati Sambasiva Rao and Renuka Chowdary -- who were already sulking after being ignored by the PM. Purandeswari's 'short-lived dream' fell apart thanks to the strong opposition put up by Kavuri, Rayapati and Renuka, sources said. \"They made their position very clear to the high command that their supporters would be let down and could invite a strong reaction if Purandeswari were to be elevated as they are the senior leaders in the community,\" sources said. Insiders said Renuka was livid within the closed walls of the party and the high command had to toe her line. Kavuri, a five-time MP and staunch loyalist, has already sent his resignation in protest against his non-induction in the cabinet.In fact, the disappointing news came a bit late in the day for Purandeswari as she was all gung-ho to take oath as there was clear communication from the party top brass about her elevation as cabinet minister. She was also 'promised' the high-profile commerce portfolio. But Purandeswari, daughter of TDP founder N T Rama Rao, was in for a shock when AICC president Sonia Gandhi reportedly called her up at around 10.30 am to inform her about the sudden 'change of plan'.\"Sonia Gandhi called me up and explained the situation. I am convinced with whatever my leader has reasoned out for me. I am grateful to her and the Prime Minister for considering me worthy enough to handle the important commerce portfolio,\" Purandeswari said, betraying no emotion. Though she declined to elaborate any further, she said she was prepared to take up the responsibility of the commerce portfolio as a minister of state. \"I would discharge my duties as a disciplined party worker,\" she added. Now, Purandeswari as MoS without independent charge will have to work under Anand Sharma.Insiders said another factor which affected Purandeswari was Sharma's reluctance to move out of the commerce ministry. \"Anand Sharma was not ready to move out of the commerce ministry and the party high command kowtowed to him. It could toy around with a junior minister like Purandeswari but not with Anand Sharma who is a senior leader,\" a highly placed source in the Congress told TOI.While the internal caste dynamics put paid to the hopes of Purandeswari, sources said the high command was none too happy with her for going around publicly celebrating the news of her possible elevation much before the PM could announce it. \"Purandeswari has to blame herself for putting foot in her mouth,\" a senior leader said.Meanwhile, Kavuri, it is learnt, has been assured of a 'bigger role' in the party. \"He could be made a general secretary making him in-charge of a couple of Congress-ruled states,\" sources said. Serious efforts are already on to calm the nerves of Rayapati and Renuka also. When contacted, Rayapati said: \"I have made my position clear to the high command and it is up to them to take a call.\" Curiously, he tried to extend support to Purandeswari. \"I", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16998625", "title": "UPPCB begins monitoring quality of river water at five spots in city", "text": "ALLAHABAD: With a view to offering pilgrims a cleaner Ganga and Yamuna at the Mahakumbh commencing from January 14,2013, officials of the Uttar Pradesh Pollution Control Board (UPPCB) have started monitoring of quality of water in the rivers at five different spots including Rasoolabad, Salori downstream, Sangam, Sangam downstream and Saraswati Ghat ( Yamuna). The monitoring is taken up twice a week.UPPCB has constituted three special teams entrusted with the job of testing water of the Ganga and Yamuna. Regional officer UPPCB Mohammad Sikandar told TOI \"We have taken up the exercise of monitoring Ganga and Yamuna waters at five spots twice a week. He added \"From December, monitoring would be done daily.\" He maintained \"As per schedule, the exercise would be taken up on weekly and daily basis from December and the board has already identified 13 spots in Allahabad, Kaushambi and Fatehpur districts.\" Currently, the teams have been collecting samples from five spots mentioned to collect and test samples twice a week and the exercise would be intensified from December, he informed.Construction of four new sewage treatment plants (STPs) expected to be functional by November-end and with treatment of sewage/polluted water before it flows into the Ganga and Yamuna, officials hope, cleanliness level of water would improve.Sikandar said, from December first week, besides at five spots in Allahabad district the water would be monitored at two more spots on weekly basis in Kaushambi and at four spots in Fatehpur.\"Currently, the city has two functional STPs at Naini and Salori with a total capacity of 109 million litres per day (MLD) against discharge of 232 MLD. A large quantity of untreated sewage water and municipal waste of the city get discharged into the Ganga and Yamuna, directly and indirectly.Officials of the Ganga Pollution Control Unit said the capacity of Naini STP had been increased up to 80 MLD against 60 MLD. Four new STPs are coming up at Kodra (with a capacity of 25MLD), Numhayadahi (50 MLD), Poghat (10 MLD) and Rajapur (60 MLD). Salori STP has a capacity of 29 MLD. Sikandar said, UPPCB was coordinating with officials of the Ganga Pollution Control Unit. Officials said they would be checking whether industrial units had installed STPs at their units or would be shut down before Mahakumbh.Units have been told they would not be allowed to run between November and February if they failed to install STPs. As per estimate, around 800 MLD of untreated sewage is directly discharged into the Ganga from at least 26 cities of the state located on the river banks. If corrective measures are not initiated, the figure the MLD quantum of waste flowing into the river may be more than double at 2025 MLD.The capacity of existing sewage treatment plants (STP) across the state is around 385 MLD and more STPs are required to check the situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16998710", "title": "Delhi Police most corrupt, says report", "text": "NEW DELHI: The city police fared the worst when it came to complaints against men in khaki for alleged irregularities last year, while their Uttar Pradesh counterparts came a close second.Out of 61,765 complaints filed against cops across India, 22% (12,805 cases) were registered in Delhi, a report prepared by the National Crime Records Bureau said.Uttar Pradesh came second with 19.4% (11,971 cases) complaints registered, while Madhya Pradesh recorded 17.3% (10,683 cases) of the total complaints.However, only 47 out of the 61,765 complaints registered across the country ended in convictions.The report said inquiries were instituted in 21,672 cases in all states and Union Territories. O f these, departmental inquiries were initiated in 21,144 cases, magisterial inquiries in 282 cases and judicial inquiries in 246 cases. \"Thus, inquiries were instituted in 35.1% complaints. The total number of cases that were either not substantiated or not found true was 28,789 which amounted to 46.6% of the total complaints reported. An increase of 5.7% was seen in complaints against policemen compared to the previous year (from 58,438 in the year 2010 to 61,765 in 2011).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16998635", "title": "IAS babus trained not to provide RTI information: Subhash Chandra Agarwal", "text": "PANAJI: Right to Information (RTI) Act crusader Subhash Chandra Agarwal, who has been credited with asking over 6,000 queries to date, said that Indian bureaucrats are actually trained in service to respond to RTI queries without revealing the necessary information in the reply.\"Indian Administrative Services actually trains its officers to reply to a RTI query without really replying to it. The first chief information commissioner of India, Wajahat Habibullah, told me this during an interaction with him. It is Habibullah who advised me not to ask 'why' in a RTI query as it is not covered under the Act's purview, but to ask for the action taken report against an erring officer instead and this will provide the necessary answers,\" Agarwal said, speaking at the two-day seminar 'RTI: A potent weapon against corruption' at International Centre-Goa, Dona Paula, on Sunday.Agarwal, who holds a Guinness World Record for writing the most 'letters to the editor' in newspapers, said that the portals pgportal.gov.in and helpline.rb.nic.in allow citizens to directly submit RTI queries to the presidential office, but is rarely used by citizens.\"The portals have a capacity of 150 submissions per day, but for a nation with over a billion population only 40 queries are sent each day,\" he said.Agarwal said that the country spends 23 of the exchequer's money to recover 10 of the stamp pasted on every RTI query. He suggested that the government should come out with special stamps for RTI instead as the present system of recovery of the 10 stamp amount on RTI queries is totally illogical.\"Also, information commissions should be made a party in cases where the RTI verdict is challenged against the RTI applicant in courts. It is unfair for the RTI applicant to fight a lone battle in courts. The courts should have an assigned day to deal with RTI queries like the first Monday of a month etc to avoid adjournments of RTI cases as the whole purpose of the Act is to provide information readily,\" Agarwal said.Stating that bodies directly or indirectly funded or controlled by government should continue to be covered under RTI, he said, \"Most unholy alliances take place in public, private partnerships.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16999408", "title": "Cusat to accommodate more students in popular courses", "text": "KOCHI: The Cochin University of Science and Technology (Cusat) has raised its student intake capacity in popular courses. This is done as part of the university's initiative to generate more revenue to help overcome the financial crisis.The departments of management studies, legal studies and masters in computer application have increased the student intake in their courses. The two schools of engineering have started MTech courses. \"We are facing a financial deficit of Rs 22 crore per annum. It had been decided to internally generate Rs 10 crore from this academic year. But as we had to roll back fees of several courses, we are now only able to generate Rs 7 crore,\" said Cusat registrar A Ramachandran.\"We have increased the number of seats in our self-financing BBA LLB course from 30 to 48,\" said school of legal studies director V S Sebastian.Almost 3,800 students applied for the course, of which 500 qualified. \"In the general quota, students who scored 95-98 % were admitted and the cut off marks for those in the reserved category was 85-90%.In management studies, they have almost doubled the student intake of regular courses. \"Increase in number of students will lead to lesser interaction between teachers and students. But due to unavoidable circumstances, we have been forced to increase student intake, even as the number of teachers remain the same,\" said Cochin university employment information and guidance bureau chief M Bhasi.There is severe shortage of funds in the university. WhileThough the university has increased the number of courses, they are restricted by the government from charging fees on a par with private colleges. Also, as instructed by the government, teachers are now being paid salary as per the Sixth Pay Commission. But the state government's financial grant to the university has not been increased.Kochi: With Cochin University of Science and Technology (Cusat) facing severe financial crisis, the authorities have asked its departments to generate more revenue to help overcome the crisis. As a result, some of the departments have increased the student intake in popular courses offered by them.The departments of management studies, legal studies and masters in Computer Application have increased the student intake in their courses. The two schools of engineering have started MTech courses.\"We are facing a financial deficit of Rs 22 cr per annum. It was decided that we will internally try to generate Rs 10 cr from this academic year. But as we had to roll back fees of several courses, we are now only able to generate Rs 7 cr\", said Cusat registrar Dr A Ramachandran.\"University administration said that the departments need to adopt some measures to generate revenue. Due to this we increased the number of seats in our self- financing BBA LLB course from 30 to 48\", said school of legal studies director Dr VS Sebastian. Almost 3800 students applied for the course, of which 500 qualified. \"In the general quota, students who scored 95 % to 98 % were admitted and the cut off marks for those in the reserved category was 85 % to 90 %.In management studies, they have almost doubled the student intake of regular courses.\"Increase in number of students will lead to lesser interaction between teachers and students. But due to unavoidable circumstances, we have been forced to increase student intake, even as the number of teachers remain the same\", admitted Cochin University Employment Information and Guidance Bureau chief Dr M Bhasi,There is severe shortage of funds in the university. While the university has increased the number of courses, they are restricted by the government from charging fees on a par with private colleges. Also, as instructed by the government, teachers are now being paid salary as per the Sixth Pay Commission. But the state government's financial grant to the university has not been increased.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16998675", "title": "Depression epidemic among teenagers", "text": "RANCHI: An 18-year-old girl, Rhitika Kapoor (name changed), started staying alone, eating less and having sleepless nights after she was unable to clear the medical entrance test twice. A feeling of hopelessness surrounded her and she was on the verge of a nervous breakdown. Her parents decided to take her to a psychiatrist.After speaking to Rhitika, the psychiatrist found out that the girl was suffering from depression because of not being able to meet her parent's expectations. Director of RINPAS, Amool Ranjan, said: \"Depression has become common in late teens, mostly because of not being able to fulfill expectations of family members and teachers. In such a situation, the child develops feelings of helplessness, hopelessness and sometimes also worthlessness when they fail repeatedly even after trying hard.\"Almost four to five cases of depression among teenagers are dealt with at Ranchi Institute of Neuro Psychiatry and Allied Sciences (RINPAS) everyday, said Ranjan. \"As the psychiatric centre is situated at the mental hospital, many people refrain from coming here thinking that they will be declared mad. Once the mindset is changed I am sure we will get more cases as people nowadays are expecting too much from their children,\" he said.In many cases children are not treated as human beings but as an object or a machine which is meant to churn out one success after another. RINPAS received certain cases where children were forced to achieve the aims of their parents, who were themselves unable to reach the goals in their young age. The interest of the child is hardly given any importance.In case a child is depressed, parents should lend them an ear and try to understand how the child feels, says Ranjan. \" This way the child will feel that his opinion and thoughts also matter. If parents are supportive enough, the child will be happy. If the performance of a child is not good enough he should be given a chance to improve and not criticized or made to feel he is worthless,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16999952", "title": "GD Goenka World School, Gurgaon, shows creative prowess at exhibition", "text": "GD Goenka World School, Gurgaon organised the student activity programme exhibition 'SAP Day-2012 ', an initiative of school principal Neeta Bali on October 18. The SAP members of various clubs under the SAP programme exhibited their projects in the school hall. Nimble feet, the dance club, performed a Kathak and 'Mellifluous melodies' , the music group, presented a self composed song. Eco warriors, the environmental group, showed how to save water and use substitutes for plastic.Shadows, the drama group, performed a Hindi lingual theatre performance showcasing immense talent and interest. The IT SAP club made a few short movies highlighting the cause of pollution. The art club, 'The creative hands' portrayed their artistic talent by creating a display of popsicle art. The literary club made a presentation on the different world renowned authors acquainting.The event was witnessed by senior management team, staff and students. Nehru World School, Ghaziabad participated in the Faith Shorts 2012, an annual global three-minute short film competition launched by the Tony Blair Faith Foundation. For the 'Face to Faith category ,' nine countries \u2014 Palestine, Israel, Jordan, Pakistan, Indonesia, India, UAE, UK and Mexico participated in the event.'My God of My Gods' by Hanu Tyagi, a student of class-XI of Nehru World School has been selected and shortlisted for the finals in the 14-17 years category. The final entries were adjudged by Tony Blair, Hugh Jackman, Jet Li, Anil Kapoor, David Puttnam and Dawn French. Cambridge Foundation School, Rajouri Garden held the 10inter-section Brem Dutt Memorial competition in the memory of school's founder principal and director late Brem Dutt Verma. The ten-day long festival witnessed a plethora of competitions where many students performed.They competed in various events like 'The world of fantasy,' 'Coming alive,' 'English recitation,' 'Scenes from Shakespearean plays,' 'From the news room' etc. School director Meena Malik and principal Anita Puri encouraged the students to work hard and aim to improve their overall personalities. Prizes and participation certificates were awarded to the students. De Indian Public School, Rohini organised an inter-school fest 'Euphoria' . About 500 students from 35 prestigious schools participated in the event.The show began with an opening ceremony where in the school students captivated everyone with their dance performance. A welcome address was presented by school chairman HR Gupta. Various events such as Disfraz baile, Conquesta, Hum Saath Saath Hain, Intaglio, Wrangle of words etc were held. School director Sanjeev Gupta applauded the prize winners. The host school bagged the first position and secured the rolling trophy but the trophy was handed over to the first runners' up, Mount Abu Public School, Rohini as they were not taking part in the competition. Students of Brain International School, Vikaspuri took up a project on France titled 'Rendezvous with France' as part of British Council's International School Award programme.They learnt about French culture, cuisine, monuments and celebrated French Day on October 1. The students presented a French dance and a song, which was followed by a poem recitation and a skit in French. The chief guest for the occasion was Madame Chantal Prost, an Attache of cooperation for the French people at the Embassy of France. The performance of the students was applauded by the guest. The function concluded with the vote of thanks by school principal Seema Behl and a PPT by a student, Aman Malhotra.Rosary Sr Sec School, Kingsway Camp celebrated International White Cane Day on October 15. The day focused on spreading awareness on the significance of white cane for the visually impaired. The programme started with a prayer service followed by felicitation of the chief guest, Dr Aparna Ahuja, with bamboos and a stole. Dr Ahuja enlightened the students about eye transplantation facts and related queries during an on-stage interview by students, Saumya Chauhan and Nishtha Bhardwaj. A poem showing appreciation towards the white cane bearers, was presented by Shefali Choudhary . A dance performance depicting spiritual blindness was showcased by senior students. The ceremony concluded with a vote of thanks by school principal Rev Father Sabu Joseph.The event was organised by the Good Samaritan Club of the school. K R Mangalam World School, GK-II organised a workshop for science and mathematics teachers as a part of their celebration of the 'International year of Mathematics.' The objective of the workshop was to provide the teachers with hands-on activities, which they could use in their own classrooms to strengthen the teaching of science and mathematics in their schools.The workshop commenced with a welcome speech by school principal Renu Jain, which was followed by science and mathematics activities demonstrated by the guests Rintu Nath and Kapil Tripathy from Vigyan Prasar. The workshop concluded with a positive feedback from the teachers. Sarla Chopra DAV Public School, Noida organised a mentorship session on October 8. The main objective of this workshop was to make the students aware about various career options in the field of science. School alumnus Rajneesh Gaur addressed the students.He encouraged the habit of self-study and advised them to strengthen their concepts . Students also participated in an interactive session. School manager RK Sethi conveyed his words of encouragement to the students. School principal IP Bhatia proposed the vote of thanks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16999176", "title": "Festive season worsens revenue loss for Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: The Punjab and Haryana high court order banning the display of advertisements on all arterial roads in the city could not have come at a worse time, say advertisement agency owners as well as Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) authorities.\"This is the festive season, a time when we the get maximum number of requests from advertisers to provide them the required permission and space to display the ads on behalf of their clients. We are definitely going to lose a lot of extra revenue that we could have easily generated for ourselves during this time of the year had the court not intervened in this matter,\" a senior official said.The advertising agencies too complained that they were at a loss. \"It is a very bad situation for everybody. While the MCG is set to lose the revenue it gets from advertisement tax, we are also not getting any business as the clients have preferred to advertise elsewhere in nearby cities like Delhi and Noida. The municipal authorities have already started sending us notices to remove the existing advertisements ourselves. They also claim that they will pull them down if we ourselves do not do so,\" said an agency owner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17007467", "title": "Surat embroidery units to observe long Diwali vacation", "text": "SURAT: After weaving sector, the embroidery sector in the country's biggest man-made fabric industry is planning a long Diwali vacation following dwindling demanding of the embroidered fabrics and dress material.The Akhil Gujarat Embriodery Owners Association ( AGEOA) said that the embroidery units will close for Diwali vacation from November 12 till December 2.Surat has emerged as the hub of computerized embriodery in the country with the presence of more than 15,000 units having the total installed capacity of computerized embroidery machines between 90,000 to one lakh and employing 1.5 lakh workers.Industry sources said that the embroidery sector is 100 per cent job-work oriented industry and that the unit owners have to depend on the textile traders for the continuous supply of finished fabrics for further value addition. After the Rakshabandh festival, there has been more than 50 per cent decrease in the embroidery job-work.Dinesh Angadh, president, Akhil Gujarat Embroidery Owners Association (AGEOA) told TOI \"About 30 per cent units have closed in the last fortnight and 20 per cent are operating on single shift. Only 50 per cent of the units are working for two shifts. However, the embroidery unit owners have decided to observe a long Diwali vacation this time.\"The revolution in the embroidery sector started way back in 2006 with the installation of 3,000 computerised embriodery machines known as multi-headed and schiffli machines imported from China and Korea.In the last six years, the entrepreneurs have infused investments worth Rs.5,000 crore with the installation of 90,000 to one lakh embriodery machines.Nilesh Kanani, embriodery unit owner at Pandol said \"We have to run the unit for one shift instead of two shifts. The job orders have decreased significantly in the past fortnight. If this will continue till Diwali festival then we may have to close our unit\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "dimapur", "code": "16998193", "title": "Neiphiu Rio to boost beekeeping in Nagaland", "text": "DIMAPUR: Nagaland chief minister Neiphiu Rio on Friday said the state can earn huge profits from the beekeeping and honey production sector without any investment and maintain the ecological balance of the state at the same time.Rio said Nagaland is the hotspot of biodiversity, as 80% of the area is under forest cover and over 70% of the population is engaged in the farming sector, indicating that bees can survive here.Inaugurating the multi-utility centre at Nagaland Honey Beekeeping and Honey Mission, the chief minister said bees can survive in Nagaland as the use for fertilizers and pesticides in agriculture was nominal here.He said as states like Nagaland are landlocked and far away from mainland, it is very difficult to take up economic activities. \"We cannot compete with the mainland or the international markets. Therefore, we need to exploit the resources available here using local skills and knowledge,\" he added.As beekeeping and honey production hold high potential in the state, Nagaland honey would make a mark not only in the local market, but also outside the state in the years to come. He also informed that the production of honey had gone up from 120 metric tones to 350 metric tonnes in last five years. \"We have a dream to increase the production from 350 metric tonnes to 5000 metric tonne,\" he said.Earlier, the additional chief secretary and development commissioner, Alemtemshi Jamir, said Nagaland has tremendous potentials in beekeeping and honey production and there is a possibility of 60,000 tonnes of production in the state.Jamir said if Nagaland can produce 50 tonnes of honey, it can become a major player in the economy of India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16999308", "title": "Book on medicinal plants wins high acclaim", "text": "COIMBATORE: A comprehensive study on 1106 endemic and threatened medicinal plant species at Kalakkad Mudanthurai Tiger Reserve has won wide appreciation at the just concluded 11th Conference of Parties (CoP) on Convention on Biological Diversity (CBD) in Hyderabad. A 196-page abridged version of the over 15 years of research work by senior Indian forest service officer Manoj Kumar Sarkar was released on the sidelines of the convention. It puts forth key suggestions for biodiversity governance in general and conservation of endemic and threatened medicinal plants of India in particular.Releasing the book Biodiversity Governance for Managing Endemic and Threatened Medicinal Plants in India - A Geoinformatic Approach, National Biodiversity Authority chairman Dr Balakrishna Pisupati said this commendable research work lays solid foundation for evolving a national policy and action plan on medicinal plants conservation. Manoj Kumar Sarkar is presently chief conservator of forests in Coimbatore and his original work with 558 pages was brought out by the Department of Environment of Government of Tamil Nadu. Receiving the first copy of the abridged version in Hyderabad, Dr. Kazuaki Takemota, Director of Satoyama Initiative of CoP-10 held at Nagoya, Japan, said the work has been published in a timely manner to boost efforts to preserve medicinal plants. Dr. Kalamani Jamulangay, professor and scientific advisor of biodiversity in CBT at Montreal was also present. He said the work would benefit traditional medical systems like Ayurveda, Unani, Siddha and Tibetian healing.Hailing from West Bengal, Sarkar is an eminent forest official in Tamil Nadu who has played a major role in protecting its biodiversity. Indian medicinal plants are facing a series of threats including excessive collection, deforestation, non forestry activities and official apathy. Even in Kalakkad Mudanthurai, 58 high value medicinal plants are facing extinction. It is high time to work out strategies to preserve them for future generations,'' said Sarkar, during a brief interface on his return from Hyderabad.As per his study, forest fires, timber extraction, tea plantations, private enclosures and reservoirs are posing a threat to forests and biodiversity. Destructive harvest of species and tourists entering eco-sensitive areas are also responsible for the loss of plants with medicinal value. As indiscriminate collection of medicinal plants is no more an offence, medicinal plants are fast disappearing, he says.According to him, globalization has triggered an increase in demand for plant-based medicines and herbal products across the globe and the market has doubled since the 1990s. With at least 85% of the species coming from forests and wild areas, the sector is completely unorganized. Monitoring them is not an easy task. The government has to work with local people and come up with sustainable means of harvesting,\" he adds. He hopes that the renewed interest on the book at the convention will encourage focus on the issue.The objective of this study was the rehabilitation of endemic and threatened plant species that provide life-saving drugs. The International Union for Conservation of Nature and Natural Resources has indicated that 12.5 per cent of known flowering plants of the world suffer from different degrees of threats. A similar proportion of threatened medicinal plants are found in India, and 112 of such plants are from the southern part of India,'' he says", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17000178", "title": "Why kids think covering their eyes makes them invisible", "text": "LONDON: Young children believe they are invisible if people can't see their eyes, according to a new study.Researchers led by James Russell at the University of Cambridge found a scientific answer to explain why children think they actually disappear when they cover their eyes while playing peekaboo.In a first study into this bizarre trait with groups of three and four-year-old children, the kids' eyes were covered with masks and they were then asked whether they could be seen by the researchers - with most saying no, the Daily Mail reported.Many also believed that the researchers could not see adults who were wearing eye masks - leading to the conclusion most young children believe that anyone who covers their eyes is obscured from other people's view.The researchers then attempted to distinguish what exactly creates the feeling of invisibility - whether it was not being able to see at all or just because the other person couldn't see their eyes.The children were given a pair of mirrored goggles so that while they could see through the glasses, no one could see their eyes.Unfortunately, only 7 of the 37 participating children were able to get to grips with the idea that while they could still see, no one could see their eyes.But of those who did understand the concept, six believed they were invisible if the researchers couldn't see their eyes, even if they could still see them.Although when the children were asked to explain how they were made invisible by simply hiding their eyes, many knew that their bodies remained visible, suggesting a childhood distinction between their physical bodies and the 'self' they connect to their eyes.To test this theory that children believe they can be seen only through their eyes, the researchers looked directly at each of the children while asking them to avert their gaze.They then did the same process in reverse, with the children looking at the researchers while they diverted their eyes.In each instance, the majority of children felt they were not being seen so long as their eyes didn't meet the other person's, giving some support to the ideology of eyes being the the window to the soul, researchers said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16997606", "title": "1 in every 6 persons prone to stroke", "text": "BHOPAL: Stroke, also known as brain attack, is the commonest cause of disability and third commonest cause of death worldwide. One in every six persons is prone to have a stroke in his or her lifetime, according to World Stroke Organization (WSO), an international body working towards creating awareness about stroke.Death due to stroke alone far exceeds the deaths accounted due to AIDS, tuberculosis and malaria added together each year. \"Contrary to common belief, stroke can affect any age group including children and newborns. Most of the times, it is painless,\" said an All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS), Bhopal, associate professor Dr Nirendra K Rai. The premier institute is likely to start a 24X7 helpline for patients and 'stroke unit'.Until the unit is functional, information and related links for stroke care will be provided at AIIMS, Bhopal, website for the doctors practising in the remote areas, he added.\"Cases of high blood pressure , diabetes and obesity are on the rise in cities like Bhopal and Indore and stroke is expected to become the second leading cause of death in the country after heart diseases,\" he added.According to WHO, Indians have a higher risk of developing stroke. \"A study conducted in northwest India showed that about 73% of the subjects did not realize that they have developed symptoms of stroke. Most patients are unable to procure appropriate health care assistance,\" said Dr Rai.STRIKE OFF THE STROKEWarning signs of stroke?Sudden numbness or weakness of the face, arm or leg, especially on one side of the bodySudden confusion, trouble speaking or understandingSudden trouble seeing in one or both eyesSudden trouble walking, dizziness, loss of balance or coordinationReasonIt occurs due to obliteration of blood vessels leading to interrupted blood flow to the brain. Brain cells begin to die due to lack of oxygen and nutrients. Sometimes it may occur due to rupture of blood vessels leading to hemorrhage inside the brain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17003477", "title": "Madonna booed by fans after endorsing Obama", "text": "Madonna got booed at and caused several audience members to walk out of her concert in New Orleans after she urged them to vote for President Obama .The pop star, whose 'MDNA' tour has already been marked by several controversial incidents, performed in New Orleans on Saturday.During the show, she asked concertgoers: \"Who's registered to vote?\" She then added that she didn't care who they voted for, \"as long as you vote for Obama.\"The 54-year-old, however, quickly changed her tune when she heard the crowd's reaction, the New York Daily News reported.\"Seriously, I don't care who you vote for ... Do not take this privilege for granted. Go vote,\" she continued.This is not the first time Madonna has drawn criticism for making a political statement on her MDNA tour.The pop star confused fans in September when she told them to support the \"black Muslim in the White House \" at a Washington, D.C. concert.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16999322", "title": "Mothers to have more say in the running of schools", "text": "COIMBATORE: According to a recent order of the state government, mothers will have a say in the running of schools. In an order issued on October 22, the state government said that mothers of students in government, aided and private schools should visit the educational institutions and inspect their facilities.An official at the school education department on the condition of anonymity said that mothers in groups of five, representing various sections should visit the school every week. \"Five members from each section including kindergarten, classes 1-3, classes 4-5, classes 6-10, as well as 11 and 12 will be selected every week by drawing lots. They will inspect the school. The group will change on a weekly basis,\" says the official. This group of mothers should enter their observations including complaints on a register which would be later scrutinised by education officials.Many parents feel that this move will make the school administration more transparent. K Jayakumar, whose son is a class five student in a city school, had this to say; \"Nowadays, in most schools, parents are hardly allowed to visit and inspect facilities. If this change is implemented well, it will make school operations more transparent\".At the same time, some activists feel that this is just the start and more should be done. R Manimohan, the Chairman of the city based Students Welfare Association of Parents (SWAP) says that the provisions may not be enough to usher the desired changes. \"Though the intention behind this move is laudable, it can be subverted. Schools will select parents who are less vocal about issues,\" he says. Drawing the lots should be done in a transparent manner and must be inspected by the government closely, he said.Meanwhile, school managements fear that this will be interference with the school administration. Moreover, they fear that mistakes may be magnified. R Visalakshi, the President of the Private Schools Association says they have to wait for the implementation of the order before a concrete picture could be obtained. \"This is a positive move, but we have to see if this will be used as an opportunity for those who want to create problems inside the schools,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16999558", "title": "Disability never stopped her from reaching out to others", "text": "MADURAI: 'The only handicap is to depend on others' is the driving motto of S J Amuthashanthy (36) from Madurai, who was born without a left forearm. However, her disability never prevented her from reaching out to help other disabled persons, especially women, by empowering them with computer training and teaching them tailoring.Her journey was not easy. Being a girl child with a disability, she continued her education from a children's home in Tirunelveli till graduation. Her prolonged frustration with her disability saw temporary relief when she secured a state-level prize in essay competition in the seventh standard, and was felicitated by then chief minister MGR.\"At that particular moment, I felt that I could also rise up to heights if I worked hard,\" Shanthy says with a radiant smile. She went on to complete her masters in banking management and got a job in a communication centre in Madurai. She later joined as an accountant with the Tamil Nadu Theological Seminary in Madurai and worked there for five years.\"Even when I was working as an accountant in 1998, I always had the urge to help other differently-abled persons. I used to visit neighbouring villages in the district, looking out for people like me. I used to help them get identity cards and other beneficial schemes.Later, it dawned on me that even among these beneficiaries, not many are women,\" she says. She started to look out for differently-abled women but to her shock, many families did not cooperate, and instead ridiculed her about her disability. \"I had to put in a lot of effort to convince the families and women to come out and seek benefits,\" she recalls. She initially started free tailoring classes along with her sister and a friend with four sewing machines with just five disabled women. Later, she started a trust exclusively for differently-abled women.V Rutitha from Puliankulam says Amuthashanthy came like an angel into her life, instilling confidence despite her disability. She had undergone computer training provided by her trust and was working as a data entry operator. Now she is pursuing B Com through correspondence. \"Even my family has not encouraged me to study further,\" she said.J Pothumponnu, another differently-abled woman from Mankulam, says she learnt tailoring and embroidery. \"I thought I could never learn anything with my disability till I met Shanthy,\" she said.\"The pain I had undergone as a physically challenged person and my family circumstances motivated me to dedicate my life to the welfare of differently-abled women. I was eager that they not face the struggles and pain I faced in life,\" Amuthashanthy says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17000879", "title": "'Broadcasters to wait for fate of adult film'", "text": "MUMBAI: Both buyers and sellers of satellite rights of films are likely to get affected by the decision of broadcasters not to buy films with adult content.Industry pundits feel that broadcasters will wait and watch when an adult film is released before making a procurement decision . This will affect producers, who will be unable to de-risk their projects prior to releasing them in theatres. Broadcasters, on the other hand, won't enjoy the pre-buying price advantage in the event of the film succeeding at the box office. They will end up competing with each other to buy films that are box office hits, further pushing up acquisition prices.Jayantilal Gada of Zee said, \"Both buyers and sellers will suffer as we will have to go back to the old model of buying after the theatrical release. The TV premiere of films will be pushed to 90 days after the release, stretching telecast windows.\" He added, \"The price I paid for Desi Boyzand Jokerhad to be revised after their poor performance at the box office. We didn't have an inkling that DesiBoyzwould get an adult certificate. Joker, of course, had poor content.\"Says Tanuj Garg, CEO, Balaji Motion Pictures, \"Producers may need to stop producing even the occasional adult film altogether , or produce an adult film on a budget that is small enough to not require dependency on satellite revenues.\"It may be recalled that the film industry had opposed the CBFC's stand on provisionally refusing to accept applications for the re-certification of A-films into U/A for television viewing. In September, the CBFC convened a meeting with the film industry where it was stated that the CBFC would not be a stumbling block in restricting re-certified films from being showing on television. Afilmmaker said, \"CBFC had recommended the formation of a special panel to review specific films with adult themes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16998698", "title": "Step up revenue recovery process: Raia", "text": "MARGAO: The gram sabha of the Raia village panchayat held on Sunday decided that the panchayat should step up its revenue recovery process. Resolutions to that effect were adopted at the gram sabha. \"Every commercial premises, both old and new, designated to carry or carrying out trade, business, commercial and renting activity, should pay commercial house tax which should be uniformly paid as per the existing rate,\" reads a resolution. Another resolution with regards to issuance of trade tax reads thus: \"As per section 70 and 71 of the Goa Panchayat Raj Act 1994, the panchayat should issue trade and establishment license for one year and to be renewed every year for all commercial and business activity, including renting of premises (commercial and residential).\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16999554", "title": "Realty firm buys Andheri plot for 205 crore", "text": "MUMBAI: Mahindra Lifespaces, part of the Mahindra Group, has purchased a three-acre plot in Andheri owned by Nycomed Pharma Pvt Ltd for around Rs 205 crore, or Rs 65 crore an acre. The 12,000-sq m plot currently houses a bungalow, two guest houses, a research and development facility and an electric sub-station.An erstwhile Swiss pharmaceutical company, Nycomed, was acquired by Takeda, a Japan pharmaceutical research company in 2011. Sources close to Mahindra confirmed the deal saying a formal agreement would be signed after land and legal documents are finalized in the coming weeks. The corporate itself remained non-commital. In an email reponse, a Mahindra spokesperson said, \"We keep looking at various opportunities that come up in our target markets.\"Real estate experts say the deal works out at approximately Rs 6,000 a sq foot. The plot has a development potential of 5 lakh sq ft under the new building planning rules framed by the civic body. Mahindra is planning to set up a high-end residential complex on the plot.Developers like Kanakia and Sheth are selling under-construction flats at Rs 8,000 to Rs 9,000 a sq ft against the quoted rate of Rs 10,000 a sq ft. Mahindra won the bid by beating other five bidders, including Larsen and Toubro Realty, who quoted between Rs 170 crore and Rs 203 crore, sources said. \"Though property prices are on the wane, there is still an appetite for clear land parcels from cash-rich corporates/developers. Further, the plot's proximity to Powai, an upscale residential locality, and the fact, majority of the corporates have relocated their offices to suburbs like Andheri makes it an attractive deal,'' said a real estate expert.Deals in 2012Runwal Group purchased a 14-acre Neosym Industry Ltd, a metal manufacturing company located on LBS Marg in Bhandup and owned by Kolkata industrialist C K Birla's family for over Rs 400 crore.Sunteck Realty bought a 15-acre industrial plot at Goregaon for Rs 300 crore.Lodha Group purchased 17-acres of DLF's Mumbai Textile Mill for Rs 2,700 crore.Ajay Piramal-led Piramal Realty to jointly develop the 1.5 acre Famous Studio property with its owner, the Roongta family for around Rs 350 crore.An eight-acre plot in Kalachowkie in the heart of central Mumbai, was sold by South Mumbai property redeveloper Haresh Mehta to Lodha Group for Rs 600 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16998749", "title": "'Mysterious' fire claims woman's life in Ranchi", "text": "RANCHI: A 30-year-old woman Rashmi Devi was burnt alive while her husband sustained injuries in a fire that broke out in their bedroom on Saturday night. They were alone in the house as their parents had gone to Nawada in Bihar for Durga Puja. The woman died on the spot while her husband, Sunil Kumar, sustained critical injuries and is undergoing treatment. A case of unnatural death has been lodged with Argora police station.Rashmi, who was married to Sunil Kumar, a businessman, three years ago, had no children. Neighbhours said that the incident occurred at night, and by the time the fire brigade officials arrived, the woman was charred to death in her bedroom. There was no damage to property.Officer-in-charge of Argora police station Pradeep Kumar Das said, \"The cause of the fire is still a mystery\" The neighbhours called up the police at night when they saw smoke billowing out of the house of S N Prasad, a former employee of Mecon. Kumar runs the showroom of a popular shoe brand in Ranchi. He was rushed to RIMS by the police who arrived 30 minutes late. \"We called the fire brigade which doused the fire and prevented it from spreading to other rooms,\" said a police officer.tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16998838", "title": "Drama at film producers\u2019 meeting", "text": "CHENNAI: High drama prevailed at the extraordinary general body meeting of the Tamil Nadu Film Producers' Council (TNFPC) on Sunday. Followers of TNFPC president S A Chandrasekaran engaged in heated arguments with members of producer Keyaar's camp, as policemen struggled to keep the situation under control. While Keyaar's camp accused Chandrasekaran of being callous towards his work as the president of the council, the Chandrasekaran's side claimed that Keyar was deliberately creating a ruckus for \"personal gain\". The Madras high court had appointed retired judge Justice E Padmanabhan to preside over the meeting. Members voted after a no-confidence motion was moved against the president. The result will be announced this week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16998338", "title": "Man gets 10-year jail for rape of minor student", "text": "NEW DELHI: A tutor who raped his minor student last year has been sentenced to 10 years in jail by a trial court, which said that the convict had shattered the society's faith in the \"sanctity of the noble profession of teaching\" by his \"dastardly act\".Additional sessions judge Vijay Kumar Dahiya jailed convict Hari Shankar Kumar saying the offence committed by him is \"serious in nature\" and he ruined the victim's life. \"Accused Hari was victim's tutor and he has ravished her. In Indian culture, teacher (guru) is always held in high esteem and so much reverence is given to this noble profession that if a person is standing before God and his teacher, he will first pay obeisance to the latter.\"A fine of Rs 20,000 was also imposed on the convict by the court, stipulating that, if recovered, the amount shall be given to the victim. \"The dastardly act committed by Hari has brought bad name to the institution of learning and he has shattered the belief of the society in the sanctity of the noble profession of teaching,\"the court added.During the arguments on quantum of sentence, the counsel for Hari had sought relief saying the convict is the only bread winner for his family- wife and two children. He had sought leniency saying his client has been in jail since his arrest in July last year and he should be released on the term already undergone by him.Brushing aside the accused counsel's pleas, the court said, \"The offence committed by Hari is more serious in nature and he, in total disregard to moral and social values, ruined victim's life by committing the immoral act of highest order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16999499", "title": "\u2018It\u2019ll be tough for CBI to prove its point in court\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It will be a tough task for the CBI to prove the 'demand' of Rs 2 lakh and 'acceptance' of Rs 1 lakh by IPS officer Desh Raj Singh from SHO Anokh Singh in court. Though the CBI claimed in court that the agency has built a watertight case against Desh Raj, legal experts said prior to making the transcript of recorded conversation admissible in court, the agency will have to ensure that the voices of Desh Raj and Anokh match with the recorded voices.Advocate H C Arora of the Punjab and Haryana HC said, \"According to Indian Evidence Act, the agency will have to prove the authenticity of voices through forensic exam. Besides, the conversation will also be a matter that would be cross-examined during the trial.\" In corruption cases, it is necessary for the investigation agency to prove the demand for bribe, while the motive behind also needs to be brought out, Arora added.The CBI, which arrested Desh Raj for allegedly accepting a bribe of Rs 1 lakh on October 18, handed over the transcript of the conversation to the defense counsel on Saturday. Advocate Vikram Chauhan of district courts said, \"The recorded conversation is admissible but it is considered supportive evidence. The stand of the complainant always plays a crucial role in corruption cases. In several cases, suspects were only acquitted because complainants turned hostile in court despite convincing evidence.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16999329", "title": "IIT-K, industry heads join to brainstorm for Kanpur's growth", "text": "KANPUR: The Indian Institute of Technology-Kanpur on Sunday organised 'An interface-Industries of Kanpur and IIT-Kanpur', an interactive session at their Outreach auditorium on the campus, in which a number of city-based industrialists including Shyam Sunder Khetrapal, Sanjay Garg, Shishir Agarwal, Rajeev Bharatiya, Mohd Iqbal and members of the institutes took part.IIT-Kanpur was represented by director Prof Sanjay Govind Dhande and dean Prof Manindra Agarwal.The session was anchored by Pankaj Bhasin, convener of the Uttar Pradesh Powerloom Federation (UPPF).Bhasin welcomed the institute's move of re-developing Kanpur as the Manchester of the east, a reputation it enjoyed long time back.Addressing the gathering, Bhasin said while IIT-Kanpur was heading towards restoring Kanpur to its old reputation, the powerloom federation of UP was trying to save the industrial face of the city too.He added that according to a report presented to the textile ministry all textile units in Kanpur have closed down and there is no scope left for textile business to flourish, but the UPPF has been toiling hard to save the industry from dying.He said it was because of this reason it was being planned to shift the Regional Textile Office from Kanpur to Indore. But the federation has been making all efforts to prevent this from taking place.He added that the federation had requested IIT-Kanpur authorities to prepare a fresh and honest report about the status of the textile industry in the city and the same would be sent to the ministry.He said steps should be taken to save the textile industry in the city from extinction or else thousands would be stranded jobless.The IIT-Kanpur representatives on the other hand said, a number of initiatives, like trans-Ganga complex, had been taken up to change the face of Kanpur.IIT-Kanpur, being the premier technological institute in the city, can play a crucial role in this transformation by providing technological solutions, manpower, entrepreneurs and new business ideas, it was said.At the same time, the city of Kanpur can play an important role in the growth of the institute attracting more faculty and more funds to develop the research facilities.Prof Manindra Agarwal informed top industrialists from various sectors as well as city administration took part in the session and added that the institute shared its current research, entrepreneurial and social activities as well as future plans while the guests shared their perspectives and views on how the two can work together.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16998476", "title": "Ideal Energy Projects Ltd may pay for Purti faults", "text": "NAGPUR: The proposed second unit of Ideal Energy Projects Ltd near Nagpur is now in jeopardy as a nearby village threatens to oppose the mandatory NOC (no-objection certificate) for environment clearance. Bela village boundary is about 2 kms from Ideal Energy's plant and is adjoining Khursapar village, where plant is actually situated.Unfortunately for Ideal, this animosity from Bela villagers is not even connected to it. Vivek Kilawat, the acting Bela sarpanch, said, \"when Purti group came to this region they purchased a lot of land from the locals. Apart from the land remuneration, we were promised two jobs per family and houses by Purti officials but nothing of that sort has happened. While we got the money for our land the promised jobs and houses never came. Instead, the vacant land was sold to Ideal for a huge profit. I will certainly now oppose the second unit of Ideal proposed to come up at the same location.\"However, none of the villagers that TOI spoke to, were able to produce any written commitment by Purti for providing jobs and houses. They also accepted that Purti paid 20,000-30,000 per acre which was above the prevailing market price in year 2000. Shekhar Fulpatil is a 40 year-old Bela resident whose family claims to have owned land in adjoining villages as well. \"My father was approached many times by Purti officials in the late 90s for land but he flatly refused. We were tilling the land and were earning decent returns on the crop. It was only after promises of jobs and house that we agreed to sell,\" he said.While Fulpatil's brother is employed by Purti, he was not so lucky. \"My brother got the job only because he was active in local politics. Regardless, we never got houses or second job. Years later, I met Nitin Gadkari at his residence and apprised him of the situation. Gadkari insulted me saying that villagers had not done Purti any favours, since money had been paid in lieu of land,\" added Fulpatil.A couple of other villagers also narrated similar stories, but did not wish to come on record for fear of reprisals. A woman who lost her landowner husband a couple of years ago said she witnessed a 'reversal of roles'. \"We are now working on the same fields which we once owned. The masters have become slaves,\" she said.Villagers that TOI spoke to showed amazing clarity of legal complications that may arise when \"broken promises\" is given as a reason for not issuing environmental NOC. Kilawat said, \"we have issues with the toxic fumes that the Ideal Energy plant will release into our atmosphere. That has affected the crop growth in nearby villages and even the marine life. That is the reason why our gram panchayat won't be giving the NOC, whenever the issue comes to us.\"There is no set date as to when Ideal will begin work on its second unit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16997709", "title": "Rajasthan gets biggest ever representation at Centre", "text": "JAIPUR: Rajasthan got the biggest ever representation in the Union Cabinet on Sunday. With an additional Cabinet minister from here, the state's tally in the council of ministers touched seven.Sachin Pilot and Jitendra Singh got independent charges as MoS, while Jodhpur MP Chandresh Kumari was inducted as cabinet minister. The daughter of former royal family of Jodhpur and daughter-in-law of ex-royal family of Kangra (Himachal Pradesh) is now Union minister of culture.Political analysts believe Kumari's inclusion has more to do with improving Congress prospects in the forthcoming Himachal Pradesh assembly elections. Most part of Kumari's political career, which started in 1972, has been in HP where she served as a minister thrice. She expressed her keenness to return to HP politics and was busy touring her erstwhile constituency Dharamsala before the list of Congress candidates in the state was announced recently.Jaipur rural MP Lal Chand Kataria was also inducted as MoS for defence. The first-time parliamentarian, who belongs to the Jat community, was included since Sikar MP and Jat leader Mahadev Singh Khandela \u2014who held the tribal affairs portfolio \u2014 was dropped from the Union ministry.Surprisingly, Nagaur MP Jyoti Mirdha couldn't find a place in the Union ministry. The young leader from Marwar\u2014the home turf of Rajasthan's influential Jat families Mirdhas and Madernas\u2014was a contender for a berth in the UPA-II government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16999245", "title": "No lathis at Kejriwal rally, Bharatiya Kisan Union told", "text": "KANPUR: The Farukhabad district administration has banned lathis (canes) which Bharatiya Kisan Union (BKU) volunteers planned to use \"to protect\" India Against Corruption (IAC) activist Arvind Kejriwal during a rally to be held in the district on November 1.It may be recalled here that BKU offered armed support to IAC following an alleged \"threat\" by Union Law Minister Salman Khurshid , who had dared IAC activist Arvind Kejriwal to protest in his constituency in Farrukhabad. Khurshid later went on to clarify that his remarks had been misconstrued and he had not threatened Kejriwal against visiting his parliamentary constituency.Meanwhile, a Congress party delegation led by district Congress president Punni Shukla met senior district officials and demanded that the police be directed to prevent BKU volunteers from coming to the venue with lathis.The Congress workers said the lathis could pose a serious threat to law and order situation in the district during the IAC rally. The delegation also demanded serious action against BKU men for issuing statements which they saw as incitement to violence, and submitted a memorandum in this regard.It might be noted here that on the call given by Arvind Shakya, district president of Bharatiya Kisan Union, hundreds of volunteers of BKU were reportedly undergoing lathi training in the district for providing security to Arvind Kejriwal during the rally. However, sensing escalating tension between IAC and Congress, the district administration, apart from banning lathis at the rally, has laid down several other regulations.\"We have issued certain guidelines before giving permission to IAC for the rally. No one would be allowed to carry arms. Besides, no one would be allowed to raise caste or religion based slogans, or make indecent remarks on anyone that could adversely affect peace in the district,\" said city magistrate Manoj Kumar.Shakya, however, on Sunday said it was only after Khurshid dared Kejriwal that BKU offered armed support to IAC. He said his appeal to BKU men to fight corrupt forces with lathis did not amount to him provoking them to beat up Congressmen. He said BKU had organised huge rallies in the past not a single untoward incident had been reported in the same.\"I only asked BKU volunteers to protect Kejriwalji from sinister forces in this rally. They will still protect him, albeit in a nonviolent manner,\" he told TOI on phone from Farrukhabad. He said Congress is frustrated with the potential success of the rally. Lakshman Singh , local convener of IAC asserted that the rally at Lohia park here would be historic, and said it would herald the downfall of the Congress-led corrupt forces.On Sunday, several IAC activists were seen monitoring preparations for the rally at Lohia park grounds. The district is already dotted with IAC hoardings all over. Omendra Bharat, member of state working committee of IAC called upon the people to attend the rally in large numbers to defeat the corrupt forces in the country. Bharat said corrupt leaders had no moral right to remain in power.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17000591", "title": "Age no bar for helping others", "text": "MANGALORE: Her energy level defies Olinda Pereira's (87) age. At an age when most people wish for a leisurely retirement life, this former principal of School of Social Work, Roshni Nilaya is taking time out to help better the lives of elderly people like her.She is active in the day-to-day activities of Vishwas Trust, a charitable trust that provides financial assistance and free medical treatment to elderly. It was established in 1999 by her. She also organizes free yoga classes thrice in a month for senior citizens under the aegis of the trust .During her term as the principal, she formed a Family Service Agency in Roshni Nilaya. The agency provides free counselling to students and their parents. She had also given financial assistance to several students to complete their education.After retirement, Olinda monitored the construction works of Prabhat Tara, a centre for development of women and children in New Delhi. She also served the centre for 10 years.A true global citizen, she has lent her services to children in Nairobi and Kenya. She taught moral science in three schools in those countries for a couple of years for free.According to Olinda, governments are not doing enough for the well being of the elderly. \"If the state government opens small health centres for senior citizens, it will be very helpful. The government is also not providing enough infrastructures to help senior citizens who are staying alone,\" she added.Olinda said the she is planning to build a Golden Age Village (GAV), a home for old-age people in Neermarga, 15 kilometres away from the city. \"I am doing everything to raise funds for the project with the help of my friends and like-minded people. The construction works of GAV is expected to finish next year. GAV comprises homes for senior citizens, a village health centre, a physiotherapy centre, and a community hall,\" she added.Vishwas Trust will organize a free health check-up camp exclusively for senior citizens at its premises on October 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16998229", "title": "Odisha's hopes dashed in ministry expansion", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Odisha was disappointed once again. The UPA II expanded its ministry, inducting 17 new faces, on Sunday, but no one from the eastern state could make it. Even Union minister of state for chemicals and fertilizers Srikant Jena was not promoted.On the eve of the expansion, state Congress leaders were hopeful that at least one MP from Odisha would become a minister and Jena would be elevated. But that was not to be. Prime Minister Manmohan Singh expanded his ministry, perhaps for the last time before the next general elections, but disappointed the hopefuls from Odisha.\"It is sad,\" remarked Odisha Pradesh Congress Committee president Niranjan Patnaik. \"All states want their people to represent them in the central government. But it did not happen,\" Niranjan said.Jena, too, hinted at his disappointment. \"Odisha's hope was belied but we have no option but to accept the PM's decision,\" he said. Jena, the Balasore MP, was a cabinet minister in the H D Deva Gowda government in 1996, but has been given the ranks of minister of state in the UPA government since 2009. Congress sources said he was lobbying hard for a promotion and had also reportedly called on AICC president Sonia Gandhi and Rahul Gandhi on Friday.Nabarangpur MP Pradeep Majhi, whose name was doing the rounds, also indicated his unhappiness. \"At least one from Odisha should have got a ministerial berth.\"The Congress high command's decision to ignore the minister wannabes from Odisha provided the BJD with an opportunity to raise its oft-repeated allegation of central neglect towards Odisha. \"The Congress has been neglecting Odisha for long. Now it has started neglecting its own partymen in the state,\" senior BJD leader and health minister Damodar Rout said, noting that some states with less Congress MPs than Odisha have got more Union ministers. Congress has six Lok Sabha members from Odisha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17004315", "title": "Sports infrastructure in Rajasthan to get a face-lift", "text": "With Jitendra Singh , Member of Parliament from Alwar, getting the ministry of youth affairs and sports (independent charge) in a cabinet reshuffle on Sunday, the sports persons in the Rajasthan are hoping for a major facelift in sports infrastructure in the state.\"It is always good to have a union minister of sports from Rajasthan as it increases the chances of bringing more projects in the state\" said Krishna Poonia , a discus thrower and Olympian from Rajasthan.Another major thing going in favour of the state is that even the secretary of the ministry belongs to the Rajasthan cadre. PK Deb who joined the ministry in April, 2012 have been making efforts to pump in some funds in cash starved clubs and academies in the state.On October 23, the ministry of Youth Affairs and Sports had also sanctioned Rs six crore to Rajasthan for construction of a multipurpose indoor Hall under Urban Sports Infrastructure Scheme (USIS).\"Out of Rs 6 crore sanctioned to Government of Rajasthan for construction of a multipurpose indoor Hall at Karauli, a sum of Rs. 1.80 crore is being released by the Ministry of Youth Affairs and Sports as first instalment,\" a statement released by the ministry said.The scheme aims at construction of Synthetic playing surface (for hockey, football and athletics) and multi-purpose indoor hall. State Governments, Local Civic Bodies, Schools, Colleges and Universities under Central/State Governments and Sports Control Boards are eligible to receive financial assistance under this scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "angul", "code": "16998200", "title": "Dhenkanal gears up for Laxmi Puja", "text": "ANGUL: Dhenkanal is all decked up for its famous Gaja Laxmi Puja celebration with lakhs of devotees expected to throng various puja pandals this year to pay obeisance to the goddess of wealth. The festivities would continue for the next eleven days starting from October 29, on the auspicious day of Kumar Purnima.As many as 38 puja pandals have been erected in the town this year. Dhenkanal, being a small town, has a straight road running through the market and one can view all the puja mandaps on both sides of the road.With spectacular arches and glittering lights dotting the whole town, puja organizers are busy giving final touches to the idols and puja mandaps. The festival instills a spirit of fervour and gaiety into the whole community during the festival.This year, Sri Sri Maudamani Raja Laxmi Puja Committee has special plans. It will be presenting a gold crown weighing 1.6 kg worth over Rs 35,000 lakh to the deity which has been crafted in exquisite filigree work. The puja mandap has already installed the chandi medha (silver backdrop) made of three quintals of silver.While the Station Bazar Puja Committee, which is celebrating fifty years of celebration this year, is also set to organize the puja in a grand manner, the Ganesh Bazar Puja Committee's Sheesh Mahal inspired from the film Mughal-e-Azam would attract plenty of visitors this year, the members of puja committee hoped. About Rs 3 lakh have been spent for the purpose.Meanwhile, the oldest puja organizers in the city, Mahabir Bazar also expect that their pandal modeled on the Kailash Hill will attract huge crowd.Other puja pandals and gates of puja committees like Durga Bazar, Jubilee town, Mahisapata, Kanchan Bazar, Baji Chowk and Kaibalya Bazar puja committees have been decorated elaborately promising to draw immense crowd.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17002815", "title": "\u2018Who is more fat, Sonakshi or me?\u2019", "text": "Most of the celebrities from Bollywood and television were curious about watching Saif Ali Khan and Kareena Kapoor perform together at the People's Choice Awards held on Saturday.This would have been their first stage performance after their wedding, but to everyone's dismay Kareena Kapoor Khan (as she was addressed) came alone but gave an outstanding performance on her recent hit numbers from Ra.One and Heroine. \"Saif is relaxing at home,\" Kareena merely said.Rumours about the tiff between Priyanka Chopra and Katrina Kaif were dispelled when one saw Priyanka going upto Katrina and hugging her just before going on the stage to collect her trophy for the best debut in international singing. Few days back there were reports indicating that Katrina was miffed with Priyanka as she lost out on Yashraj's Gunday (Ranveer Singh and Arjun Kapoor in lead) top Priyanka.Bachchan hopped across since he was shooting within the vicinity of awards function and collected his award for the best host for Kaun Banega Crorepati for which he has shot 500 episodes in a span of 12 years. \"And I am still not satisfied,\" he said. He received his award at the hands of Subhash Ghai and Hema Malini.Salman Khan left without collecting his two trophies but not without giving a standing ovation to one of his favourite singers Sonu Nigam who sang Tenu mein love kar da from Desi Boyz as per the music trend in the last four decades. Priyanka's performance on a medley of songs from Yash Chopra's hit films while paying tribute to him left the audience with a lump in the throat when she said, \"Yashji will never say action or cut to me but at least I could pay shraddhanjali to him...\" Ranbir Kapoor was bestowed with the favourite youth movie icon award by his all time favourite Madhuri Dixit.Standup comedian Bharti Singh, who won the award for best comedy actor, had the audience in splits when she went up to the dance sensation Prabhudeva and asked him 'who is more fat, me or Sonakshi Sinha?'.Prabhudeva was speechless. Ekta Kapoor's show Bade Achhe Lagte Hain got twin honours but she couldn't say much as toothache bothered her. \"Perhaps I will come next year to get the best youth icon award,\" she joked. The who's who of Bollywood, television and sports attended the first edition of People's Choice Awards in India.The event was marked by the presence of Amitabh Bachchan , Salman Khan, Ranbir Kapoor, Kareena Kapoor, Priyanka Chopra, Katrina Kaif, Hema Malini , Zarine Khan and many television bigwigs like Samir Soni, Ram Kapoor, Sakshi Tanwar, Dilip Joshi, Anup Soni amongst others. Olympians, the pride of India - Mary Kom, Vijender Singh, Yogeshwar Dutt , Gagan Narang, Sushil Kumar graced the occasion and the latter three were felicitated by Katrina Kaif.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16999339", "title": "Woman falls off moped, dies of severe head injuries", "text": "COIMBATORE: City police on Saturday night had a different case to solve. A couple approached them after a quarrel arose between them over the quality of Biriyani prepared by the wife during Bakrid. The issue was later settled amicably by the police and the couple left for their home from Kuniyamuthur police station. However, things took a different turn when the wife fell down on the road from the moped as they neared their home and sustained severe head injuries. The husband rushed her to the Coimbatore Medical College and Hospital (CMCH) where she was declared brought dead. Meanwhile, the relatives of the wife have accused the husband of foul play.According to police, S Ibrahim (48) a construction worker at BK Pudur near Kuniyamuthur in the city was married to Nazim Begam, (38) five years ago. Nazim worked in a fancy store. The couple did not have any children. On Saturday, she cooked biriyani to mark Bakrid. Ibrahim, who was in an inebriated state, scolded her for not cooking it well. A quarrel arose between the couple. They went to Kuniyamuthur police station in late night. Nazim told the police that Ibrahim was drunk and scolded her severely for not cooking well.However, the police was able to pacify the issue. On Sunday around 1.30 am, the couple left from the police station by a moped. When they reached near the house, Nazim fell from the moped and sustained severe head injuries. Ibrahim took her to CMCH by an ambulance, where the doctors declared her brought dead.Meanwhile, Nazim's relatives accused Ibrahim of killing her on the way. However, after the post mortem report came, it was revealed that Nazim fell from the moped and had sustained severe injuries on the back of her head.\"We have conducted a detailed inquiry. It revealed that she sustained severe injuries on the back of her head. Blood had oozed out from her ears as well. It was an accident and the case has been transferred to Traffic Investigation Wing (TIW) of the city police,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "dharamshala/una", "code": "16999519", "title": "BSP can change face of Himachal: Mayawati", "text": "DHARAMSHALA/UNA: BSP supremo Mayawati said that UPA at the Centre and BJP in the state have made many policies for the welfare of the minority sections but all these have fallen flat due to weak governance.Addressing a rally in Kangra on Sunday, she pointed out that BSP believed in the welfare of \"Sarva Samaj\". And her party was in favour of reservation for members of backward sections among upper castes too, she added.\"We are not a party of any particular caste. We support all the weak sections. The unemployed, the poor and all minorities are our priority,\" said Mayawati.Mayawati said poverty and unemployment were two major problems of Himachal Pradesh. If the people of Himachal give BSP a chance to serve them, the face of the state would be changed within five years, the former CM of Uttar Pradesh underlined.The BSP leader said unlike BJP and Congress, her candidates have reached here on their own costs and have not been sponsored by anyone.\"We are contesting election at our own cost, whereas BJP and Congress get sponsors who help them in elections and later these parties formulate most of the policies to benefit their sponsors,\" she added.Mayawati harped on the policies formulated by her in UP for the poor sections, including legal assistance, housing and education. She said these policies will be implemented in Himachal too if BSP is voted to power.BSP, which bagged one seat in the last assembly elections from the hill state, is vying for all the 68 seats this time. Mayawati held about six rallies in three days campaigning for her candidates across the state.In Una, Mayawati kept the crowds waiting for three hours before she arrived and promised reservation in jobs and education. \"There is a section of people in the upper castes who are economically very poor and need incentives to grow. BSP will ensurereservation for such categories that are in dire need of help,\" she said.\"Both Congress and BJP have shown effectively that they are interested only in looting the masses. BSP will bring all the policies it implemented in Uttar Pradesh for the welfare of dalits and the weaker sections,\" Mayawati added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16998961", "title": "Bihar youths held with arms in Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: Two youths in their early twenties were arrested from Sonagachhi - the city's largest red light area - of the city - in north Kolkata on Sunday afternoon. Two improvised guns and ammunition were seized from the duo. Police suspect that both youths are involved in criminal activities.\"We had a tip off that two youths had entered Sonagachhi and they had arms with them. We tracked them down from a room and seized an improvised 9mm pistol and a single chamber improvised gun,\" said an investigator at Burtolla police station. The arrested youths were identified as Avijit Singh and Parmanand Chowdhary.During interrogation, the duo, reportedly claimed that they hailed from Bihar and had a hideout in Jagaddal on the northern fringes of the city. Later, police traced the car in which they came to Kolkata. But cops are yet to confirm their antecedents.\"We are in touch with Kolkata Police to get more details,\" said Kalyan Mukherjee, DC DD Barrackpore city police.After initial probe, we suspect that both are hired criminalsand commit crimes in Bihar. \"They may have committed some crimes even in the Barrackpore area,\" said an officer. Police sources said Avijit had said that he used to work for Bhojpuri films. They are probing the aspect.Police are also probing the aspect.Meanwhile Barrackpore police contacted their Kolkata counterpart. \"We are in touch with Kolkata police to get more detail,\" said Kalyan Mukherjee, DC DD Barackpore city police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16999913", "title": "Passengers panic as pests overrun dirty train bogies", "text": "CHENNAI: Southern Railway has clearly had little success in its attempts to eliminate pests on trains. Cockroaches and other insects swarmed into an AC III tier coach in Pandian Express on Thursday night, leaving passengers travelling from Madurai to Chennai bleary-eyed the next morning.A passenger said a board near the toilet indicated that the coach had been fumigated on October 21. But that effort apparently had little effect on the bugs in the bogie.\"We could not sleep at night as pests started coming out of crevices on the sides of the berths,\" said Dr Jagannathan who travelled in B4 coach of Pandian Express. \"They were small, black, cockroach-like insects. I managed to doze off but when I woke up in the middle of night I found that all passengers were sitting upright because of the insects.\"Another passenger said he was afraid that the bugs would get into his ears.Railway officials said passengers have lodged complaints about pests and rodents in AC II tier, AC III tier and sleeper coaches in different trains. 'Sleeper coaches are often dirty,\" Manoj Kumar, a regular traveller said. \"Upper berths are often dusty and caked with grime.\"Passengers who travelled by Navjeevan Express from Chennai to Ahmedabad two days ago had to suffer filthy coaches and toilets that were even dirtier. \"Sleeper coaches in this train are often dirty,\" said Ashok Modi, who travels by the train frequently. \"They do not appear to have been cleaned at all. It is very difficult to travel for 33 hours in such conditions.\"Railway officials said dirty railway yards are probably why trains out of the state are infested with pests and rodents. Train care centres at Egmore and Basin Bridge, where most of the trains are prepared for departure, are soiled and grimy. \"Garbage is not swept out of coaches regularly and this makes them a good place for pests and rodents to breed,\" an official said.Pandian Express is cleaned at Egmore Railway Yard and Navjeevan Express at Basin Bridge Train Care Centre near Chennai Central. In spite of repeated complaints from employees, railway authorities have failed to take action and ensure that the train care centres are clean.\"Garbage is littered in different parts of the centres and food waste swept out of coaches falls into flooded pit lines,\" said a railway employee who works at the Basin Bridge centre. \"There is no point in fumigating coaches without cleaning the train care centres. If coaches are cleaned in a hygienic place, there will not be rodents and pests in the coaches.\"Officials often pass the buck when questioned about the horrible condition of the yards. A senior railway official said \"steps are being taken to clean up\" the yards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16997701", "title": "City jeweller\u2019s son kidnapped in Bangkok", "text": "JAIPUR: The 9-year old son of a jeweller belonging to Jaipur was kidnapped in Bangkok while he was returning home from school on Thursday evening. The maid who was accompanying the child is also missing and suspected to have been abducted along with him.The family members living in the city say the kidnappers had made a ransom call on Friday, however, their phone calls have stopped now under increasing pressure of police leaving the family members fearful of his safety.The boy, Divyanshu Mundara, is son of Madhusudan Mundara who runs a jewellery business from Bangkok and lives with his wife and the son there. The child's grandfather P C Mundara and his two sisters live in the city's Tonk Road area.Madhusudan's uncle Ramesh Mundara, a former JMC corporator, told TOI, \"Divyanshu had gone to the school and was returning home along with a domestic help around 7pm on Thursday when he was kidnapped. The domestic help is also missing, so we are unable to know the exact details regarding how they were kidnapped. The boy's father Madhusudan was in Jaipur on Thursday and left for Bangkok immediately.\"He said the kidnappers made the ransom call on Friday. The police had already been informed. However, it seems that as the kidnappers came to know about the cops searching for them, they did not call back. The police failed to trace the phone call.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17003665", "title": "Anti-ragging affidavits crosses 1 lakh mark", "text": "NEW DELHI: The call came late one night. It was from a student of an engineering college in Jhansi. There is a \"freshers' party\" later in the night, the caller said. He did not need to explain that the party was not meant to be a get-together where students share friendly handshakes and bonhomie. That's not the kind of thing you call an anti-ragging helpline for. The caller needed a fair bit of comforting - that his name would not be revealed to anyone; that there would be immediate follow-up on his complaint and that it is in his best interest to share his hostel warden's number. Ultimately, the party did take place. But it wasn't what the perverted euphemism suggested. Thanks to a phone call from a helpline official, the warden and the principal were able to contain any kind of harassment.Ragging today can take several mean and vicious forms with each institution having its own ritual. Freshers can be made to do anything - doing their seniors' assignments for a whole year to running naked across fields at night. Only recently, 10 students were expelled from Allahabad University for allegedly making freshers perform sexual acts and filming them.In July this year, the government's anti-ragging campaign underwent a few changes. The UGC appointed the Aman Satya Kachroo Trust to monitor the programme for a year. It also began a website -- antiragging.in -- in collaboration with Dr Raj Kachroo, father of the late Aman Kachroo who lost his life in a gruesome ragging incident in a Himachal Pradesh medical college. Among other things, students can generate anti-ragging affidavits on the websites and submit them to their respective colleges. This is basically an undertaking that they won't indulge in ragging.The number of affidavits has crossed 1,00,000 this month. \"We hope to have one million students by next year,\" says Kachroo, adding, \"Later, when we have a larger database, we will launch a more localized campaign.\" The website also has a database of the complaints lodged with the helpline. The records can be accessed by entering the complaint number, following which, one can track the progress. The complaint is considered 'closed' only after the complainant acknowledges that it is. For future reference, all calls are recorded.Since June 2009, the 24x7 helpline launched by the HRD ministry has handled more than 1,650 complaints from across the country. A group of about 20 individuals at a time cooped up in a room in Delhi's Udyog Vihar take complaints ranging from verbal bullying to physical thrashing, before following them up with college authorities and even the local police. Many calls are from victims injured seriously enough to be hospitalized. In such cases, a fair amount of time is spent by the helpline in dialing landline numbers of various police stations, just trying to get the relevant officer to speak. \"We search the internet for phone numbers of colleges and police stations. We have been told now that we will have a college database integrated into our software soon,\" says the call center team manager Nishat Israil. Officials from the UGC were unavailable for comment.A perusal of the helpline data shows that complaints have steadily increased till 2011, when they peaked at 579. For 2012, the number presently stands relatively low at 298.Distress calls peak between July and September, when academic sessions begin in various colleges. Uttar Pradesh is the top offender with 355 complaints since 2009. Delhi, surprisingly, recorded only one complaint. This year, from the 66 complaints received from UP.Prof S K Srivastava, head of the anti-ragging cell at BHU, however says the data with the UGC helpline is not representative of ragging cases alone. \"I have personally handled only about six to seven cases of ragging this year. Often, cases of personal enmity leading to fisticuffs too reach the helpline. Our vigilance squad keeps doing the rounds of the campus to keep ragging in check,\" says Srivastava.Delhi University's St Stephen's college has had a successful and rigorous anti-ragging campaign. Principal Rev Valson Thampu says this can be achieved by fostering a culture that frowns upon delinquent behaviour. \"Ragging is nothing but socialized, institutionalized cruelty. Appealing to the students' sense of dignity is much more powerful than coercion. We raised awareness with the underlying idea that ragging is a mindless import from the west and it is bad for the dignity of any Stephanian to ape anything,\" says Thampu.Meanwhile, the number of calls to the helpline thin dramatically during vacations. A large chunk of the call traffic is from curious callers who just want to know what happens on dialing this number. The more serious calls come from engineering and medical colleges from small towns, followed by polytechnics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16998224", "title": "Cops relieved as rally passes off peacefully", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Police heaved a sigh of relief as the Odisha Jan Morcha rally passed off peacefully at Lower PMG here on Sunday. No untoward incident was reported even though cops were on their toes till the end of the meeting.Learning a lesson from the September 6 Cong rally in the city, which had turned violent, the commissionerate police made massive security arrangements for Sunday's meeting. This is after Morcha chief and dissident BJD stalwart Pyarimohan Mohapatra recently accused chief minister Naveen Patnaik of 'misusing' police and engaging in 'unscrupulous' and 'undemocratic' actions to sabotage his rally.Though police had earlier planned to deploy 40 platoons of forces, they pressed into service additional 14 platoons at the last moment. Interestingly, only around 25 platoons of forces were used for the September 6 Congress rally at Lower PMG, which had turned violent leaving scores of Congress activists, police personnel and media persons injured.As part of security measures, police had stocked sufficient quantities of smoking tear shells and rubber bullets. On September 6, police had run short of ammunition, commissionerate insiders said. They had also kept protective jackets and helmets ready.\"Keeping in view the September 6 violence, we took all precautions to thwart any untoward incident this time. The Morcha rally was incident-free,\" said DCP Nitnjeet Singh.Police were apprehensive about the possible sabotage attempt by Morcha antagonists. Cops went for massive picketing at several locations in the city. All vehicles transporting Morcha supporters, were frisked at check points.Extra careful after the incident of a woman cop being attacked during the September 6 rally, policewomen were deployed at less-crowded locations. Pramila Padhi, who joined duty at Infocity police station a few days ago after remaining under medication for several weeks, was not allowed to stand guard for the Morcha rally. \"Since she is not fully fit, we purposely kept her away from rigorous assignments,\" said a senior police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16998920", "title": "You haven't kept your word, Sunilda", "text": "It's a while since Coffee House fell silent. Today Sunil Gangopadhyay is also gone.It's very unfair, Sunilda. In life, you crowded my bookshelf. In death, you've crowded my memory. I remember a conversation between Sunil Gangopadhyay and Nabendu Ghosh. \"I'm reading your autobiography,\" you'd told Baba when Eka Naukar Jatri was being serialised in a Bengali daily. \"But why aren't we reading your autobiography?\" he wanted to know why Ardhek Jeeban had abruptly stopped appearing in print. \"Para jacchhe na tai!\" you'd punned, \"Because it can't be read!\"I'd recalled this exchange when Desh published your review of Eka Nauka... months after Baba passed away. And once more, as you admired your senior in Bengali literature for not forsaking the language even in 'prabas' - I'd admired the loving care you lavished on the language even in a conversation. But then, even your written words came out of the language you spoke at home, in office, with friends, before kids... Your poems made us realise that colloquialism too had poetry in its belly. Who on earth would have thought that 'saala' can be part of a lyric?I also admired you for your honesty to yourself. Your autobiography was Ardhek Jeeban, only half a life. Not merely because you had a lot more life left in you. Perhaps you'd already poured your life's story into your Nikhileshes and Neeras. They'd acquired a life of their own and made their homes in folklores. When you sat down to pen your autobiography, you just didn't feel motivated. I was a teenager in Bombay when Sunil Gangopadhyay hit the marquee - with Krittibas, Atmaprakash, and a bohemian lifestyle that we would come to identify with protagonists of Aranyer Din Ratri. If even in 1960s we didn't feel the lack of Beatles in our midst, it was perhaps because we had a Sunil Gangopadhyay. Of course, you had Allen Ginsberg for a friend: He mentioned you in 'September on Jessore Road'. You've mentioned him in some of your lines. What drew you to non-conformist writers, poets, singers? What prompted you to spring to the defence of a Hungrealist poet? You, who taught us that romance was possible even in world far from that of Amit and Labanya?\"Keu khub bhalo ba khub kharap noi -\" you'd say. You didn't count yourself an exception to this rule. Did this very honesty make you court controversies? You had no qualms in expressing carnal desires for a goddess, nor did you think twice before describing Kolkata's presiding goddess as a dark-skinned tribal. \"I want to kiss you\" - the words came to you as naturally as describing a national leader as 'a woman with unkissed lips'!! And women were mere excuses for expressing your love of living, right? Is that why a bit of Neera lives in us, with Banalata, and Krishnakali?Ah, but you were equally provocative about men, especially celebrated ones. You raised the hackles of the Tripura royalty with your encapsulation of their heritage. \"Kabi Tennyson Ke Galagali Ditam,\" you wrote, and proliferated as a poet. At the Sarat Centenary Celebrations in Bombay, sharing the stage with 'Devdas' Dilip Kumar , 'Biraj Bahu' Kamini Kaushal, Nitin Bose who shot New Theatres' Devdas, and Nabendu Ghosh who scripted five Sarat novels, you pooh-poohed the litterateur who kept Tollywood going. And in 1991, when we were debating whether Visva Bharati should keep their hold of Tagore, you'd opposed the very thought.End of copyright would give you a chance to bring out a new Sanchayita, you'd explained. You wanted to present Tagore in your own light. Why did you not keep your words, Sunilda?\"Keu katha rakhe naa,\" you could remind me. And 'unpredictable' was your middle name. That's why the man who gave us the Naxalite youth in Pratidwandi, also gave us the Michael of Shei Samay. He who gave us Santanur Chhabi also gave Pratham Alo. He who penned smart contemporary prose also gave romantic poetry.That's why, Sunilda, you were a hero in Kolkata as in Dhaka. You were popular in Delhi, Bombay, Kerala. You were sought after in Hydelberg, Oxford, Boston . AndPerhaps in heaven too. For, more than an atheist, you are Sunil Gangopadhyay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16998779", "title": "India's rich diversity takes centre stage", "text": "GURGAON: For the past several years, contestants from across the country have been gathering in the city to participate in the annual All India Drama and Dance Competition. The cultural event, which started on Saturday this year, is being organized by an NGO in association with the district administration. The contest, authorities say, is aimed at promoting the diverse cultures of India and ward off western influence. Around 450 participants from 15 different states are to participate in the five-day event which will conclude on Wednesday.\"While participants from Manipur, West Bengal, Chhattisgarh , Bihar, Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh are already here, the others from Punjab, Uttaranchal, Himachal Pradesh, Karnataka, Maharashtra, Odisha, Jharkhand will be joining us in the coming days. The motive behind organizing this event for the past 12 years, that costs us around Rs 15 lakh each year, is to promote the various cultures, traditions, art and dance forms in the country. Through this competition we want to strive to keep all of this alive. We don't want the western culture to invade us,\" said an organizer.In order to ensure a fair competition, the home state is not allowed to participate in the event. \"We give cash awards to the winners apart from a trophy. The winners are decided by a panel comprising renowned judges. In order to ensure there is no bias towards participants from Gurgaon or Haryana, no participant from the state is allowed to take part,\" said the organizer.It took three days for 30 artistes from Manipur to reach the city on the first day to perform a play. \"We want to showcase the rich heritage we have in terms of folk dance and drama. Outside northeast, not many know about our culture, and therefore we are eager to come and perform on such platforms. We hope we will be able to win this year so that our participants get encouraged and more artistes come next year,\" said Surja Sharma, a coordinator from Manipur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16998651", "title": "PM's adviser asks IITs to raise the bar", "text": "NEW DELHI: Urging the IITs to reposition themselves to address the needs of the future world, Padma Bhushan Dr S Ramadorai, adviser to PM said, \"We live in a dynamic work and life environment. The future will be an even more fast-changing, convergent, globalised and collaborative world. I believe that is a good place to start. Future trends in certain key sectors could provide direction to the exciting new areas where opportunities are emerging.\" He was delivering the 43rd convocation address of Indian Institute of Technology, Delhi on Sunday.Citing the latest QS world university rankings, he said India is the only BRICS nation not to have a university in the top 200. China, on the other hand, has seven universities in the top 200. \"This is the right time for the IITs to consider raising the bar, and look at the levers it needs to move in order to align itself better with needs of the future world,\" he said.Ramadorai went on to draw a blueprint as to what should IITs be doing to position themselves powerfully for the future, giving example of areas like energy, manufacturing and 3D printing technology.The annual convocation this year saw the largest number of graduates being conferred their degrees. The numbers of PGs and PhDs have also increased. The institute conferred bachelors degrees on 586 graduates and postgraduate degree on 1,006 (up from 802 in 2011). The number of PhDs increased from last year's 173 to 199. This year, Ankur Gupta received the president's gold medal, while Shruti received the director's gold medal. Apart from them, 14 silver medalists were also honoured during the convocation.IIT-D introduced a distinguished alumni awards category this year and the awardees for 2012 were professor Trilochan Sastry of IIM, Bangalore; professor R C Budhani, director, National Physical Laboratory, New Delhi; Punita Kumar Sinha, founder and managing partner, Pacific Paradigm Advisors; and professor Pawan Sinha, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, USA. The institute also honoured 19 faculty members with the teaching excellence award this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16997841", "title": "Education department rejected 13,848 reimbursement claims", "text": "JAIPUR: A few private schools which sought 100% reimbursement for admitting 13,848 children from economically weaker sections under the RTE Act were left red faced after the district education authorities in Jaipur rejected their claim.As per the provisions of the RTE Act, all private schools are supposed to reserve 25% seats in their entry-level classes for children from economically weaker sections (EWS).The schools are entitled to receive reimbursements from the education department for providing free education to these children. The district education officers had compiled a list of 13,848 students reportedly admitted by 1,389 schools under RTE in the city for session 2011-12.\"None of the applications qualified for reimbursement as documents were found to be incomplete. Even few were found to have submitted fake documents,\" said SC Meena, district education officer. The district education officers were left in shock and were not expecting RTE claimants to be in thousands.Surprised over the number of reimbursement claims, they have now decided to hold inspection to crosscheck the figures. Every school on an average submitted a list of 10 students against the findings which says barring a few schools none of them have followed the RTE in its right spirit.As per the Act, the reimbursement amount should not be equal to the money being spent by government on every child. It is estimated that schools admitting students under the RTE Act will receive a sum of Rs 10,000 as reimbursement per annum on every child.Most schools claiming reimbursements are already admitting students whose annual family income is less than 2.5 lakh and directly falls under this Act. \"Few schools were found to have asked reimbursement of 100% students admitted at entry level arguing that Act says doesn't put a cap of 25%,\" said Meena.In tune with the Act, most of these schools have restructured their fees and taken it to the level of reimbursement amount. Already the situation in these schools is such that all students admitted will fall under this category. The state has over 40,000 unaided schools. Out of them, the fee in over 35,000 schools is less than Rs 6,000 per student per annum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17003144", "title": "India among fastest growing internet markets: Study", "text": "NEW DELHI: India is among the top three fastest growing internet markets in the world, a study by industry body Assocham and ComScore has said.\"Among the Bric nations, India has been the fastest growing market adding over 18 million Internet users and growing at an annual rate of 41 per cent,\" the study said.The internet user base in the country is approximately 125 million, the study added.\"China added over 14 million users to reach 336 million internet users by the end of July 2012. Russia and India show similar trends in online usage patterns along with similarities in e-commerce and payment types,\" it said.India is also among the top three fastest growing markets worldwide in the last 12 months, the study said.\"Interestingly, about 75 per cent of online audience between the age group of 15-34 years, India is one of the youngest online demographic globally,\" Assocham secretary general D S Rawat said.He said the trend is expected to continue in coming years given the age distribution in the country.Among the age segments, 15-24 years of age group has been the fastest growing age segment online with user growth being contributed by both male and female segments.The top five popular categories accessed online are social networking, portals, search, entertainment and news sites, the study said.\"Out of the approximate 125 million internet user base, the female population accounts for almost 40 per cent,\" it added.Online travel has seen growth across all subcategories including car rentals, online travel agents, airlines as well as hotels and travel information sites.\"1 out of 5 online users in India visit the Indian Railways site,\" the study said.Retail category penetration has increased to 60 per cent reach and has grown to 37.5 million unique visitors a month, it said.\"Apparel has been the fastest growing subcategory in retail and reaches 13.4 per cent online users in India,\" the study added.The study said the average transaction size online in India across both travel and retail category is $31 between April-June 2012.This amount is set to increase with consumer confidence in buying high priced products in the coming months, it said.\"Among the payment types, American Express has the highest average bill value per transaction at $110 followed by Visa and MasterCard . Direct debit transactions come from IRCTC,\" the study added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16999107", "title": "Bihar cheers Tariq\u2019s inclusion in ministry", "text": "PATNA: The inclusion of a well-known face in Bihar's political class, Tariq Anwar , as minister of state (MoS) into the council of ministers led by PM Manmohan Singh on Sunday on the NCP quota would naturally impact the perception of not only the people of Bihar, in general, but also of the people in four districts, in particular.For, if the saga of his political family has its roots in Arwal, Munger and Lakhisarai districts, the personal political career of Anwar in parliamentary politics was rooted in Katihar district. He was elected to Lok Sabha from Katihar parliamentary constituency four times - in 1980 under Indira Gandhi, in 1984 when Rajiv Gandhi was PM, and then in 1996 and 1998.\"His inclusion into the Union council of ministers is a moment of joy for the state NCP. It would certainly bring cheer on the faces of the people of Bihar, too, because he, even if he is a Rajya Sabha member from Maharashtra, belongs to our state,\" said state NCP spokesman Anil Kishore Jha, adding: \"He belongs to a well-known family of freedom fighters.\"True, he left the Congress on June 18, 1999, along with Maratha heavyweight Sharad Pawar and popular face from the northeast P A Sangma to form NCP - a party that kept reviving his political career by sending him to the Rajya Sabha twice in 2004 and 2010 - but it was Bihar that built his political career right from the late 1970s.It was natural that the state Congress chief Chaudhary Mehboob Ali Qaiser and Congress legislature party (CLP) leader in the state assembly Sadanand Singh, while welcoming the cabinet reshuffle to give an added boost to reforms measures, should also greet Anwar. State Congress programme implementation in charge Motilal Sharma, among others, also welcomed the cabinet reshuffle.However, the state BJP leaders, including general secretary Mangal Pandey (MLC) and vice-president Lalbabu Prasad (MLC), along with spokesmen Prem Ranjan Patel (MLA) and Sanjay Mayukh, felt that Bihar's representation in the UPA-II had been ignored.\"I would not go into such matters. Anwar is in Rajya Sabha from Maharashtra, but he is also from Bihar. Think of the joy of people in Bihar NCP, and also thousands of others,\" state NCP spokesman said.For three generations, the family of Anwar, with roots in Arwal district, has been in politics. First, his grandfather, barrister Shah Juber Ahmed, who had connections with Munger and was also in freedom struggle, was instrumental in facilitating the meeting of Shri Krishna Sinha with Mahatma Gandhi at his Munger residence in 1921.Subsequently, Anwar's father Shah Mustaq Ahmed was elected to state assembly from Sikandra (Lakhisarai), while Anwar's own political career zoomed on the Congress's state and central horizons from 1977, when he first became state Youth Congress chief. He remained in the eyes of three PMs - Indira Gandhi, Rajiv Gandhi and P V Narasimha Rao - in the past, and now of PM Manmohan Singh and Congress chief Sonia Gandhi, though through the loop of NCP. He is also a former BPCC and All India Youth Congress president as well as All India Seva Dal chief.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16998261", "title": "Govt to acquire land to build amenities", "text": "NEW DELHI: After regularizing around 900-odd colonies, Delhi government's urban development department is now working on a policy to acquire land in these colonies to build amenities like schools, dispensaries, parks, electric transformers, police posts etc.As per the regularization norms, a 'regularized colony' must have a layout plan that gives details of the number of schools, dispensaries, parks etc in the colony vis-a-vis its population. However, as these colonies were unplanned and regularized decades after coming up, government is now struggling to find land to build these amenities. \"It is very important for us to bring these colonies at par with regularized colonies. Therefore, we are looking for vacant or under used land in these areas for acquisition to build amenities,\" said a senior government officer. He also said that as per the norms, a school can only be built in at least one acre area. Similarly, for building other amenities the land needed can't be less than one acre.Urban development minister Arvinder Singh Lovely said, \"Work on roads and sewer has already started and very soon we will find space to built schools, dispensaries etc as well.\" He also said most of these colonies already have electric transformers and children here have access to schools.Eying Assembly polls 2013, CM Sheila Dikshit had announced regularization of 900 unauthorized colonies this year, a key promise made by Congress ahead of Assembly polls in 2008.A govt official said to bring these colonies at par with other regularized colonies they are looking for vacant or under-used land to build amenities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16997913", "title": "'MSMEs generate ten times more jobs'", "text": "INDORE: Unemployment and environment are the biggest concern for state governments and countries across the globe. MSMEs can provide a solution to both these problems. \"MSMEs provide minimum pollution and provide maximum jobs,\" said industry minister Kailash Vijayvargiya here on Sunday at MSME convention organized on the first day of the Global Investors Summit.He said MSMEs could provide 10 times more jobs than big industries. \"An investment of Rs 50 lakh provides job to one person in a big industry while a few dozens of people can get jobs for the same investment in MSMEs,\" he said, adding that, \"MSMEs not only help increase per capita income and improve the standard of life. It can also strengthen the economy.\"The industry minister stated the MSMEs of different regions across the state have different issues and one policy could not be applicable to all. \"Keeping this in mind, the state government is going to organize a division-level meet of MSMEs to listen to their problems and chalk out the policies,\" Vijayvargia said, adding that now there will be different policies for different regions of state suiting local needs and requirements.\"Electricity is an important sector and the state government is going to provide 24 hours electricity to every village so that a village can have an industry,\" he said, adding that it is important to develop entrepreneurs at village level.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16999837", "title": "Fruits of equality still to reach 'mango people'", "text": "This may have been the year of the 'mango people' , but there's still a long way to go. Civil society movements that emerged in this last year have taken a big step towards giving the common man a platform and a voice, but empowerment and raising awareness remain an unfinished agenda in India.Awareness helps people know of the dangers they need to guard against and the opportunities available to them, and empowerment offers them means to access these opportunities. Yet in India, many stumbling blocks exist for marginalized groups - what Nobel laureate and development economist Amartya Sen has called the 'conversion handicap' , something that impedes people from achieving their capabilities . In India, this could be caste, where a dalit applicant for a private sector job is turned down on account of his surname, or gender, where a girl student who is harassed on her way to college drops out.Crimes against women, especially sexual crimes, have shocked people across the country recently. Every 20 minutes a woman in India is raped, yet the conviction rate continues to fall and is now down to one out of every four cases, even as pendency in courts rises.Guaranteed equal rights as men in the Constitution, women are treated unequally, right from the moment of conception. The 2011 Census shows that far from abating, the preference for male children as exhibited through sex-selective abortions of female babies has only grown, now touching even formerly egalitarian states and communities. Even while girls outperform boys in school examinations year after year, they are less likely to be enrolled, complete school and move on to higher education than their brothers. As adults, they often face domestic violence and do not have equal voice as their husbands in household and economic decisions.Many of these are crimes against dalit women. India's scheduled castes continue to be subject to crimes based on their caste alone, and ostracisation and humiliation remain rampant, particularly in rural India. They also face difficulties in filing police complaints or getting a fair trial.Through a combination of expanded political representation and strong grassroots activism , there is, however, growing empowerment of historically marginalised groups. Across the country, peaceful protests against the taking over of rural - especially tribal - lands for private commercial use or for big infrastructure projects have exploded. Earlier this month, 60,000 landless people under the banner of the Ekta Parishad captured the national imagination by marching from Gwalior towards Delhi seeking a better land policy and provision of land for the landless poor. A new Land Acquisition Act to replace the 1894 law currently in force continues to hang fire.The fight for greater transparency in official dealings has been strengthened this year by movements against corruption and reporting and investigations on scams. One of the most powerful weapons in the common man's arsenal is the Right To Information Act, brought in by the UPA in 2005. However activists caution that the Act is being compromised. For one, there is the issue of backlogs: nearly one million RTI applications are filed annually, and 1,300 appeals are pending before the Central Information Commission alone. More recently , activists have raised an alarm over what they view as judicial interference in the RTI. The Supreme Court recently directed that appeals in the state and central information commissions be heard by two-member benches comprising information commissioners from judicial and expert backgrounds. Former central information commissioner Shailesh Gandhi has warned that such a move will exacerbate the backlog in information commissions and render them irrelevant for most common citizens.Organizations working for social justice help marginalized groups become more aware of their rights and better lobby for their demands. Abolition of manual scavenging, social security, especially pension for unorganized workers, and greater people participation in policy-making are issues that have been in focus over the past year.Information: Now more powerful than money?The Right To Information can help people get answers from an unresponsive bureaucracy, but what if it could do more than that? Could it clean up the system? A study by two Yale political scientists shows that this might just be true. Leonid V Peisakhin and Paul Pinto, two PhD candidates at Yale University's department of political science, conducted a field experiment in a Delhi slum among residents who were trying to apply for a ration card. Peisakhin and Pinto found that putting in an application for a ration card and then filing an RTI request checking on its status was almost as effective as paying a bribe! Most significantly, when poor people filed an RTI request, it erased the class disadvantage they otherwise faced, and their applications were cleared as fast as those of the middle class.Important DatesApplications Close Oct 30, 2012 Shortlisted organizations need to provide detailed documents online Presentation of Awards Jan 28, 2013 New Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16998238", "title": "Utkal University plans auditorium with 5000 seats", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Utkal University is planning to open a mega convention centre at an estimated cost of Rs 20 crore, varsity sources said. The Syndicate, the apex decision making body of the university, has given its nod to the move. Once complete, it will be the city's largest auditorium.Confirming the development, registrar Debendra Nath Jena told TOI that a committee would choose a suitable location for the convention centre soon. The piece of land in front of Institute of Physics (IoP) and Apollo Hospitals may be considered for the project, sources said. The place is well connected with wide approach roads.The proposed state-of-the-art centre would have a sitting capacity of 5,000 and will be 10 times larger than the largest current meeting hall of the university, the MKCG auditorium, which seats 500 people.Jena said the university would use ( University Grants Commission) UGC funding, grants from the state government and funds generated by the university from its self-financing courses for construction of the proposed centre. \"We have asked the Central Public Works Department (CPWD) to give an exact cost estimate,\" the registrar said.A section of varsity fraternity, however, is not happy with the move. \"It is not a priority now. Several departments don't even have classrooms. Funds generated from self-financed courses should be used to build infrastructure at the varsity first, instead of spending for a convention centre,\" a senior faculty member said.University sources said personnel management and industrial relations (PM&IR;), public administration, journalism, tourism and heritage management and ancient Indian history departments don't have enough classrooms at the present moment.Besides, many university insiders felt the varsity has failed to utilize the existing auditorium, though there is provision for subletting it to outsiders with per day user fee of Rs 3,000 and per hour air-conditioning charges of Rs 300. In such a situation, faculty members doubt whether the varsity will be able to utilize the new convention centre.At present, the largest convention centre in the city is in KIIT University with a sitting capacity of 1,500. Among others, National Institute of Science Education and Research (NISER) is planning a convention centre with sitting capacity of over 2,000 at its proposed city extension campus. However, the government is yet to earmark land for the purpose after the Commissionerate police showed reluctance to part with land allotted to NISER near the Institute of Physics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "kokrajhar", "code": "16997962", "title": "Hagrama Mohilary gives cheques to riot-hit Bodoland Territorial Council families", "text": "KOKRAJHAR: Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC) chief Hagrama Mohilary on Saturday distributed cheques worth Rs 22,700 each from the government rehabilitation grant to riot-affected families that have returned to their villages at Aminkhata under Gossaigaon sub-division. Each family was also provided with three bundles of GCI sheets and other house-building material.Government sources said 72 families in Aminkhata, 26 in Besorkhona, 18 in Thulsibil and 19 families in Kaseokhata were given the rehabilitation grant for resettlement.A total of 502 families that were sheltering at the relief camp set up at Gambaribil High and ME School since the third week of July returned to their villages in the presence of sub-divisional officer (C) Binod Shekhant and circle officer of Bhaoraguri P Katkhatia on Friday. Of these, 228 families are from Thulsibil, 166 from Aminkhata and 48 from Kaseokhata. These Bodo villages were badly hit during the BTC riots with miscreants burning down houses and destroying other property.Mohilary called upon the people to maintain peace and normalcy as before and extend help to ensure economic development of the region. He said the state government has taken all necessary initiatives to rehabilitate genuine Indian citizens in their respective villages. He also asked people not to pay heed on rumours and to stop stray incidents of violence to establish a congenial atmosphere in the BTC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16999584", "title": "Qaida women squad to hit western targets", "text": "LONDON: Al-Qaida has formed an all-female 'Burkha Brigade' whose cadres are being trained to infiltrate and hit military bases and official buildings in the Western nations as they are less likely to attract suspicion than men. A film posted by fanatics online shows the all-female unit of al-Qaida using a fearsome array of weapons, including machine-guns, grenade rocket launchers and sniper rifles during their training session at an unknown place.The women are thought to have been recruited from the war-torn Russian republic of Chechnya by an al-Qaida-linked group, with bases in Pakistan and Afghanistan, British tabloid The Sun reported on Sunday.The films carry the symbol of 'Islam Awazi' or 'Voice of Islam', an al-Qaida linked terror group based in Russia's Caucus region.The report has raised concerns among authorities and experts who say the global terror network has formed such units as women are less likely to attract suspicion than men and can easily infiltrate the security barriers.In recent months, cases of female suicide attackers successfully hitting targets have emerged in different countries. Such bombers generally hide the explosives beneath their abaya \u2014 a woman's black cloak worn from head to toe.The report raises concern as several women terrorists have been arrested in the West. In war-torn Iraq, several cases have been reported in the past in which female suicide bombers have targetted security officials, killing scores of people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16999955", "title": "No saffron surge in temple towns", "text": "The BJP may have ridden the Hindutva wave to come to power in Gujarat, but it has traditional not done well in the state's temple towns, known as pilgrim spots. Since 1990, its best performance came in 2007 when the party won five out of the eight seats in these towns. Sources said that Pabhubha Manek, who was earlier elected from Dwarka as independent candidate, joined the Congress in 2002. In 2007, he switched over to the BJP giving the saffron brigade a win.In recent years, BJP has done well in Chotila, Chaklasi and Dwarka. Chotila was won by the BJP in a by-election. A BJP official said the minority community is present in fairly large numbers in these constituencies, which has made it difficult for them to make inroads. This includes Somnath and Danta.The party also credits its sitting MLA from Junagadh, Mahendra Mashru, for winning the seat in consecutive elections. Mashru, who has a large following in the town, joined the party in 1998, after which it started coming to power here. Hindutva had no role to play in the wins, party sources say.Of the eight constituencies where major temples are located, only Palitana in Bhavnagar district was with the BJP since 1995. Even Danta, home to the famous Ambaji temple, has not seen a BJP win since 1998. In 2002, when the Hindutva wave had hit a crest, this constituency had rejected the BJP.It's not religion that matters in these constituencies, but an individual candidate's ability to attract voters. A BJP worker cites Manek's example. He was elected from Dwarka both as an independent and as a Congress candidate. There was no end to his winning streak when he shifted over to the BJP.Similarly, Chotila has also seen its share of independent candidates. Despite the Hindutva wave in 2002, the BJP candidate here was not even in the race. In 1998, too, the race was between an independent and the Congress.For BJP spokesperson I K Jadeja, local equations play a major role on many of these seats. In the smaller town caste equations matter, he says.Gujarat Congress chief Arjun Modhwadia adds, \"These temple towns have not seem religious polarization. BJP did try to win these constituencies, but voters have rejected the Hindutva card.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16998178", "title": "This Diwali, it\u2019s a holiday near home", "text": "PUNE: The holiday season is almost upon us but Puneites aren't exactly making elaborate travel plans. The steep rise in airfares and the spiralling cost of commodities have dampened holiday spirits this Diwali. While some tour operators say they are witnessing a 15-20% slump in travel this year during the festive season as compared to last year, other operators say the drop is a whopping 60-80%.Travellers are opting for shorter trips to nearby destinations such as Goa and Mahabaleshwar, which are accessible by road. Some tour operators said that after Kingfisher airlines stopped its operations, fares in other airlines shot up further, deterring the air travel plans of many.\"The trend this year seems to revolve around opting for holidays of shorter duration, say four or five days,\" said Nikhil Thakurdas, chief executive officer of a city-based tour and travel company. \"People prefer to visit tourist spots that are within driving distance from the city, mostly beaches and hill stations closer to Pune. The preferences are Goa, the beaches of Alibaug and Murud Janjira, and hill stations like Mahabaleshwar and Panchgani.\"P Bahram, director at a city-based travel agency, said leisure travel has dropped by 15% primarily due to the steep airfares and price rise of commodities such as LPG, diesel and petrol. \"Now, travelling to Goa with the family by car is cheaper than going by air, even if you throw in a one-night transit stop at a hotel on the way,\" he said. The number of corporate employees travelling by air has also decreased by 12-13%, he pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17001632", "title": "Facebook: Details of 1 million accounts sold for $5", "text": "LONDON: A blogger has claimed to have bought information of 1.1 million Facebook users for just five dollars.The company, which has recently been accused that users' privacy is undermined, is now facing claims that a blogger was able to buy email addresses and user IDs, which were not publicly available.In recent months Facebook has been accused of allowing private messages to be made public in their new 'timeline' feature - an allegation they have strongly denied.According to the Daily Mail, users' private information is valuable to companies wanting to advertise to audiences.Bulgairan Bogomil Shopov, a blogger and digital-rights activist, claimed that he was able to buy data containing names, user IDs and email addresses.He also alleged that Facebook later asked him to delete his post detailing the purchase, the report said.Shopov claimed that he bought the data from a user called 'Mertem' on digital odd-jobs board Gigbucks, where users offer to perform tasks in exchange for payments between five and 50 dollars.\"The information in this list has been collected through our Facebook apps and consists only of active Facebook users, mostly from the US, Canada, UK and Europe,\" Mertem apparently wrote in the sales description.According to the report, Facebook said it would investigate how the data entries were obtained.\"Facebook is vigilant about protecting our users from those who would try to expose any form of user information. In this case, it appears someone has attempted to scrape information from our site,\" a spokesperson said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16997416", "title": "CoP-11 plants in a state of neglect", "text": "HYDERABAD: It's been a week since the international biodiversity meet ended and already the saplings planted as part of the beautification drive for CoP-11 are facing official negligence. Most of these plants in Madhapur and Gachibowli have turned dry. Some have been removed as the municipal authorities failed to conserve the same.Bearing witness to the negligence of the authorities is the stretch from Raheja IT Park to Biodiversity complex in Gachibowli where many plant varieties including Ficus trees have gone lifeless. In another stretch, Ayyappa society road, a parallel route to Hi-Tec City from Jubilee Hills, most plants have fallen victim to the cattle. With no fencing to protect them, the plants near Shilparamam and Hitex road were also destroyed by cattle. A local activist P Gopal Krishna said, \"I have hardly seen anyone taking care of these plants or watering them. What is more surprising is the fact that it has not even been two weeks since the conference ended and they are already being neglected.\"It is learnt that the conservation of most of these tree and plant varieties have been entrusted to the private contractors for a year. With many of these contractors yet to receive previous dues from the municipal authorities, they have halted the work. E N Srinivasulu, director, urban forestry, GHMC said, \"We will inspect the condition of these plants and also coordinate with these contractors on the progress of the work. If they fail to maintain the plantations, then their contract would be cancelled .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "16999888", "title": "Purti-linked firms move from Andheri to Thane", "text": "THANE: The address of five companies, linked to Nitin Gadkari-promoted Purti Power and Sugar Ltd (PPSL), has been changed from an obscure slum in Andheri to Louiswadi in Thane (W). The now-controversial firms-Swiftsol Pvt Ltd, Earnwell Trade Pvt Ltd, All Wise Finvest Pvt Ltd, Update Merchantile Pvt Ltd and Mahawideh Securities and Investments Pvt Ltd-housed in a rundown godown-like structure, hidden away in a lane crowded by chawls.The firms, which own shares in Purti Power, had earlier declared their address to be Dubey Chawl in Andheri. But after the alleged scam involving Gadkari broke out, when TOI attempted to trace the firms, residents of the area said they were not aware of any such companies operating out of the said place. After re-checking the Registrar of Companies (ROC), the new address of the firms was found to be in Thane. On Saturday, when TOI tried to visit the companies' new office, it took close to half-an-hour to reach the location. The fact that only a few residents were aware of the Gala compound in Louswadi, where Sharma occupied 'Gala 5', made the search even more difficult. Finally, the office was found tucked away in a dimly-lit godown, part of which has been converted into an office.which own shares worth crores of rupees in Nitin Gadkari-promoted Purti Power and Sugar Ltd (PPSL). The five firms had earlier declared their office at Dubey chawl in Andheri. However, when TOI traced the address of these companies locals said they were not aware of any such companies operating from the address listed with the Registrar of Companies (ROC).On Saturday, when TOI tried to reach to the companies new address in Thane, it took close to half-an-hour to reach the desired location. Many of the locals were unaware of the Gala compound area in Louswadi where Sharma is occupying Gala no 5'' a dimly lit godown which has partly converted into an office.The 30-something Ravi Sharma, the managing director of the firms, claimed that they moved office a few years ago but declined to answer any question related to the investments in Purti. \"I have given a written explanation to the ROC and my chartered accountant is dealing with the matter,\" Sharma said. A resident of Thane, Sharma claimed to be an alumnus of St Xavier's College. He said he shifted to a flat on Ghodbunder Road six months ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "kapurthala", "code": "16999480", "title": "3 die while trying to clear choked sewer in Kapurthala", "text": "KAPURTHALA: Three young men, including two brothers, were killed after inhaling a poisonous gas while trying to open a choked sewer in the city on Sunday afternoon. By the time they were taken out of the sewerage line, after about an hour and a half of effort, they were already dead.It is learnt that the main sewer line on Kanjli Road was blocked and some residents of the area had engaged the two brothers - Goga and Jojo, residents of nearby Tarlokpur village -- to clean it up since they did not have much faith in the MC doing the job.According to eyewitness accounts, Goga went down the manhole around 2.15pm and as he tried to open the choked pipe, gas gushed out of the blocked pipe. He fell unconscious immediately. Seeing his brother fall, Jojo also descended to bring out his brother. He, too, fell unconscious.As people around the area raised an alarm, a young man, Sonu, who works as a driver, went down the manhole to help the brothers and fell unconscious. Police, fire brigade and MC authorities were informed. However, the MC authorities made no arrangement to bring the three out of the sewer, saying they did not have gas masks. The fire brigade team took around half-an-hour to reach the place even though an ambulance reached the spot within minutes.A ditch machine was used to dig up the area around the manhole and a fan used to blow out the poisonous air. By the time the unconscious men were brought out, it was already 3.45pm. They were declared dead by doctors at the civil hospital, where they were taken for treatment.MC executive officer said the staff take necessary precautions while working and allow enough time for the gas in sewer pipes to escape before starting work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16999225", "title": "P Chidambaram\u2019s election case proceeding picks up pace, trial from November 1", "text": "CHENNAI: The election case proceedings, questioning the election of union home minister P Chidambaram from Sivaganga parliamentary constituency in 2009, has entered a decisive phase, with the Madras high court framing issues to be adjudicated and fixing November 1 as the date for trial commencement.AIADMK's Raja Kannappan filed an election petition claiming that on May 16, 2009 when the votes were counted, he had secured 3,34,348 as against Chidambaram's 3,30,994 votes. He claimed his votes were illegally transferred to the credit of the Congress candidate, thereby tilting the result in Chidambaram's favour. Chidambaram denied the allegations and filed a preliminary objection petition to reject the case at the initial stage itself. The high court dismissed the preliminary objection petition in June, setting the stage for a trial.Last week, when the matter came up again before Justice K Venkataraman, the court framed key issues to be adjudicated in the matter. Among the issues now before the court are whether the allegations of malpractice leveled against Chidambaram have to be tested by the court or not, and if his election should be declared as null and void, consequently declaring Raja Kannappan as the successful candidate.One important issue that the court will look at is if Chidambaram visited the Rajagambeeram police station in Manamadurai where his son had been detained, after a case was registered against him on a complaint from one Chelliah. Chidambaram denied it. His side has now filed a fresh petition saying a person cited as 19th respondent in the election petition should not be cross-examined. The court has since issued notice to all relevant parties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16999897", "title": "Ajit Satam And The Red Sanders Saga", "text": "MUMBAI: Ajit Satam was arrested by the DRI in September last year while attempting to smuggle 200 tonne red sanders, valued at Rs 50 crore, from Nhava Sheva. Besides owning six high end cars-a Ferrari , two Bentleys, a BMW and two Mercedes-he had Rs 13.5 crore in his bank accounts; the DRI has seized all of them. Officials said he also invested in construction projects.Though Satam received bail, the DRI approached the government, asking for his detention under Conservation of Foreign Exchange and Prevention of Smuggling Activities Act. A panel of state officials, ordered his detention for a year in March. Satam went into hiding but the DRI picked him up in April and sent him to Nashik jail. He has challenged the order in the Supreme Court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17004623", "title": "Raveena scaling new heights with 'Shobhna's Seven Nights'", "text": "After the stupendous response at the Houston Film Festival, Raveena Tandon's film is just scaling new heights.Shobhna's Seven Nights has been given the honour of premiering as the closing film at the 7 Island International film Festival. Shobhna's Seven Nights is a bold story of a seductive socialite writer.It's a 'Touring Festival' which was officially launched at Cannes this year. The inaugural festival will be held in Chennai, before moving to London next year. The theme for this year is ' Woman Rising, Against all odds ', a celebration of the Spirit of woman .50 films from 18 countries, including Italy, Belgium, Greece, Romania, Egypt, Japan etc will be showcased celebrating the contemporary woman who is strong, resilient and aspirational.7 Island International Film Festival is a celebration of global auteurs in Cinema that use films as an Artistic language, especially new cinematic approaches which places director Sudipto Chattopadhyay in a different league who had earlier directed the critically appreciated Pankh .And to add to the zing, singer composer Shibani Kashyap will be performing live from the songs of the film besides a panel discussion where Raveena Tandon, lillete dubey, Anupam Kher , new comer Amit Purohit, will be interacting with the audience.Raveena plays a character of a Cougar Woman , 40 year old bitchy socialite columnist and author Shobhana, who gets into an intense relationship with a struggling actor in bollywood , played by charming new comer Amit Purohit, who turns to prostitution, to survive his journey into Bollywood.Raveena Tandon who has successfully balanced commercial cinema potboilers like Phattar ke Phool, Bade Miyan Chote Miyan, Mohra, Dilwale, Andaz Apna Apna, Khiladiyon ka Khiladi and realistic cinema like Shool, Aks, Daman, Satta etc, wherein she even won a National Award, is all set to take a bigger challenge in Shobhna's Seven Nights , directed by Sudipto Chattopadhay, who directed the controversial film Pankh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16998605", "title": "Cases booked against four in Gogol scuffle", "text": "MARGAO: The Margao police on Sunday booked offences of rioting, unlawful assembly and attempt to murder in cross complaints lodged by two groups involved in a scuffle at Gogol on Saturday.Acting on a complaint lodged by Sunil Naik Borkar, the Margao police booked an offence against Vijay Kollar, Amar Kollar and Dildar on charges of forming an unlawful assembly, rioting, etc. In the counter complaint, Vijay lodged a complaint with the Margao police accusing Borkar and others from his group of assaulting him, Amar and Dildar, causing grievous injuries. The Margao police have booked Borkar under Section 307 (attempt to murder) and 120-b (hatching conspiracy) of the IPC and further investigations are under way.Amar Kollar and Dildar who were undergoing treatment at the Hospicio hospital, Margao, were shifted to the Goa Medical College and hospital, Bambolim, on Sunday. The four others are still being treated at the Hospicio hospital, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16999317", "title": "Contractor robbed on crowded bus", "text": "KOLKATA: In a daring daylight crime, a gang of miscreants robbed a labour contractor at knife point on a crowded bus in Behala on Sunday. Though Kashinath Jha, the victim, rushed to Behala police station, cops initially refused to file a complaint saying that his account was contradictory.Police said that Jha and two of his employees had boarded a bus on the SD-16 route from Behala Chowrasta on Sunday afternoon. Jha, a labour contractor, claimed that a group of four youths accosted him at knife point and demanded him to handover all the cash he was carrying.A scared Jha got off the bus at New Alipore mint stoppage, but the goons did not give up. They followed him and managed to snatch Rs 7000. The victim said that he was carrying the cash as he had to make payments. It was after much convincing that cops finally lodged his complaint.In another incident, the police with help from locals, managed to arrest a snatcher red-handed at Narkeldanga. Homemaker Punam Pal was returning from her paternal home in Manicktala when her cab stopped at a signal on Narkeldanga Bridge.Pal was inattentive and suddenly a youth came up to the window and snatched her gold chain. The victim immediately raised an alarm and locals and policemen on patrol nabbed the miscreant. He was identified as Biccha, a known snatcher.Kolkata: In a daring act of crime, a gang of miscreants allegedly robbed a labour contractor at knife point inside a crowded bus at Behala in broad day light on Sunday afternoon. In another incident, police with the help of the locals managed to nab a snatcher red handed at Narkeldanga.Police said, Kashinath Jha, a labour contractor boarded a private bus of route SD 16 from Behala Chowrasta. Two of his employees were also with him. Jha claimed that soon after boarding the bus, a group of four youths accosted him. He was carrying Rs 7,000 for payment. According to Jha, four youths pulled out knife and tried to snatch the cash. The bus was crowded but none came forward to resist. Scared, Jha reportedly got off the bus at New Alipore mint stoppage. But the miscreants did not give up. They also came down and robbed the cash at knife point, said Jha. He was supposed to go Bhawanipore where he lives. Till late on Sunday he was at Behala police station. Police at Behala initially refused to lodge complaint because police suspected that Jha's statement was contradictory.In another incident on Sunday morning Punam Pal, a housewife who is in her early thirties was travelling in a taxi. She went to her paternal house at Bijay Road of Maniktala.On her way back, the cab stopped on Narkeldanga Bridge in a traffic signal. Suddenly a miscreant came close to the open window of the cab and before Poonam can realize anything, he snatched her neck chain.Poonam however raised an alarm that alerted the locals. The thief started running towards Bagmari where locals spotted him and gave a chase. Police from Narkeldanga police station were on patrol. They intercepted the miscreant and recovered the stolen gold chain. The miscreant has been identified as Bichha, a known snatcher.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "seattle, washington", "code": "17005037", "title": "Narayana murthy receives 2012 Hoover Medal", "text": "SEATTLE, Washington: (13 October 2012) NR Narayana Murthy, an engineer, entrepreneur and philanthropist who has used his business success to \"give back\" to his native India, has been named recipient of the 2012 Hoover Medal.The Hoover Medal was established in 1930 to recognize great, unselfish, non-technical services by engineers to humanity. Previous awardees include former presidents Herbert Hoover, Dwight D. Eisenhower and James Earl Carter.Murthy, who is the 70th recipient since the medal's inception, is being recognized for establishing a foundation that forges outstanding improvements in healthcare, social rehabilitation, rural uplift and education following his formation of Infosys, an innovative company that provides business consulting, technology, and engineering services in over 30 countries. Murthy received this honor on 23 October at the Global Humanitarian Technology Conference in Seattle, Washington, USA, that will brought together communities and individuals interested in applying technology to develop effective solutions for the challenges facing the world's underserved. Representing Hoover Medal Board was its Vice Chairman Prof. P. Somasundaran of Columbia University and IEEE President Dr. Gordon W. Day.One of the world's most admired business leaders, Murthy founded Infosys Limited in 1981. The Global Delivery Model pioneered and designed by Murthy has become the cornerstone of India's success in information technology outsourcing. Infosys was the, first listed Indian IT services company to reach revenues of 1 billion mark, but more important than the money, Murthy has made is what the success of Infosys has meant to India as a country. Infosys incorporates a strong values system, promotes fairness to its employees and emphasizes merit, innovation and excellence across its operations. Through Infosys, Murthy has instilled throughout India the hope that even people from humble backgrounds can create a successful company by applying vision, passion and hard work.Using his own wealth and through the Infosys Foundation and other company programs, Murthy has created opportunity for India's rural areas and underprivileged population. The Infosys Foundation was established in 1996 to improve healthcare, social rehabilitation, education, art and culture in India. Among the Foundation's many notable accomplishments, it has set up a hospital that serves poor patients, has provided medicine to elderly patients suffering from cancer and other diseases and has distributed funding to ensure that underprivileged patients can continue to receive needed treatment. The Foundation has provided occupational training for destitute women and has provided relief efforts for those affected by natural disasters. Other important contributions include donating books, building libraries and refurbishing school facilities as part of one of the largest rural education programs in India.The Infosys Science Foundation was created in 2009 to promote science research in India. Murthy believes such research is needed to address the country's developmental problems. The Infosys Science Award is awarded to honor outstanding researchers who will make a difference to India's future. Other examples of Murthy's commitment to engineering excellence include training programs for teachers throughout India, Infosys Fellowships that fund doctorate programs at many Indian universities and exposing students to real-world projects at Infosys.Among his many achievements, \"The Economist\" ranked Murthy among the 10 most-admired global business leaders in 2005, and he topped the \"The Economic Times\" list of India's most powerful CEOs for three consecutive years (2004 to 2006). His many awards include CNBC Asia Pacific Lifetime Achievement Award (2011), IEEE Honorary Membership (2010), the Padma Vibhushan from the government of India (2008), the Legion d'honneur from the government of France (2008), Honorary Commander of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire from the Queen of England (2007). He received his bachelor's degree in electrical engineering from the University of Mysore, India, and master of technology from the Indian Institute of Technology , Kanpur. Murthy is currently the chairman emeritus, Infosys Limited, Bangalore, India.Source: http://www.ieee.org/", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17002646", "title": "Kamal sir's guidance made my job easy: Chandini Geetha", "text": "It was her fresh look and zero knowledge about movies that landed Chandini Geetha the ticket to Mollywood, and that too, to play the role of Malayalam film industry's first ever heroine P K Rosy.As no one knows much about Rosy as to how she looked and acted, things worked out to Chandini's advantage.When Kamal chose Chandini for the role, she had no clue on how to face the camera or narrate her dialogues. But the actress says Kamal made things easy for her.\"From day one, he gave me all the support. More than my co-stars Prithviraj and Mamta Pregith, it was Kamal sir's guidance that made my job easy. Even when I made a few mistakes and had to do retakes, he did not reprimand me. His mere presence made things easy for me,\" recalls Chandini, who has just wrapped up the first schedule of Celluloid in Trivandrum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16999734", "title": "A joyous Cabinet reshuffle for Ludhiana", "text": "LUDHIANA: The Manchester of India had a historic moment when member of parliament from Ludhiana, Manish Tewari, was sworn in as minister of state for information and broadcasting \u2014 the first minister from the city at the Central government since Independence.Crackers were burst at his residence by friends, acquaintances and party workers in celebration, even as residents were glued to television sets for seeing this moment.\"I am thankful to Congress president Sonia Gandhi and Prime Minister Dr Manmohan Singh for having reposed faith in me. However, it would not have been possible had the people of Ludhiana not elected me to parliament and last but not the least, my party workers who have always been my strength. I will serve the people with utmost sincerity and my doors would always be open for the people,\" said Manish in his message to the people of the city and party workers. Manish was born in an eminent Punjabi family on December 8, 1965. His father V N Tewari was a professor of Panjab University and is credited with writing 40 books in Punjabi, while his mother Amrit Kaur is a doctor. His grandfather, Sardar Tirath Singh too was an advocate and a minister in the Congress government in Punjab. His father who was a part of the freedom movement sacrificed his life for peace in the state.Following in his father's footsteps, he became a student leader and joined the Congress youth wing in 1981 during his pre-university days. He then became AIYC president and held the post from 1998 to 2000. Later, he became the AICC secretary and was appointed as AICC spokesperson in 2008.He contested the Lok Sabha election from Ludhiana in 2004, but lost it by a very small margin. He, however, continued working and in 2009 won the parliamentary elections with a margin of over 1 lakh votes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17003207", "title": "Sattai director felicitated", "text": "Director M Anbazhagan of Sattai fame seems to the man of the moment. The debutant director was felicitated for his maiden venture at a ceremony held in the city recently. \"I was felicitated in the presence of writer Pamaran and politician Kolathur Mani. It was a proud moment for me. I was also felicitated in Tiruppur as well on the same day for the film,\" says the jubilant director.Anbazhagan is thrilled that his debut film has managed to reach many schools and colleges. \" Sattai is a sensitive story which revolves around Dayalan (played by Samuthirakani), who reforms a school, brings in discipline among the students and also inspires other teachers. The movie has reached the target audience and a number of schools across the state are screening the movie for the students and teachers. I am glad that it has created a revolution of sorts.\"In the meantime, Anbazhagan is in talks for his second film, which will be finalized in a week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16999208", "title": "In 3 months, Kilpauk cemetery to stream funeral services live", "text": "CHENNAI: Bereaved relatives will soon be able to witness the funerals of their kin in the city by getting online. Bowing to requests from grieving families abroad, the century-old Kilpauk cemetery has decided to introduce webcasting facilities and broadcast services via a secure web link.Four high-definition closed circuit television ( CCTV) cameras were installed in the cemetery on Friday for surveillance. \"We had planned to set up the cameras to ensure that no illegal activities take place in the burial ground. Later, we decided to take the project further and use the same cameras to webcast funeral ceremonies as well,\" said Vincent Jayaraj, Secretary, Madras Cemeteries Board, which is in charge of the cemetery.Kilpauk cemetery, opened in 1903, is one of the largest in the state, with more than 60,000 bodies. About three or four burials take place every day. The board is planning to buy five additional cameras. Two will be installed at the centre of the sprawling 16-acre plot, and three on the periphery. The cameras are being sourced from a Denmark-based company at a cost of 60,000 each.\"The service will be available to families and friends of the deceased who can't make it to the funeral ceremony,\" said Jayaraj, adding that the facility would be offered in about three months. Those who wish to virtually attend the funeral of their kin will have to pay 1,500. The board will also courier a CD on request.While some have welcomed this initiative, saying it would help senior citizens and the ailing who find it difficult to travel, many have slammed the step. \"A funeral is personal. It is not meant to be broadcast like a movie. If someone you really love dies, you should make it to the funeral, come what may,\" said Liz Varghese, a septuagenarian who lives alone in CIT Nagar. \"The only time many children settled abroad come to see their parents is when they are dead and being buried. With this initiative, even that final adieu in person will be no more,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17000695", "title": "They all ran for clean city, healthy lifestyle", "text": "MYSORE: The morning chill and Sunday's holiday made no difference to nearly 2,000 participants who showed up for the half-marathon (21km) and other races organized by Life Is Calling Sports in association with the district administration.The marathon, which was held for the second consecutive year, received good response. The event, scheduled for October 7, got postponed due to Cauvery agitations. The event was held under the theme 'Run for a Clean Mysore to keep city clean to lead healthy life'. It also aimed at promoting fitness among different age groups.The marathon saw people - both young and old - taking part in the event. Two sets of parents were seen walking the 5km celebration walk with their year-old children seated in prams.The event was held under three categories: 21km half-marathon, 10km run, and 5km celebration run/ walk for people above 15 years of age. The first two were competitive in which participants from across country and abroad took part. Otherwise, the crowd comprised IT professionals, senior citizens, businessmen, government officials, college students and children. Most of them sported tracksuits, while some aged women wore sarees.\"It was my debut race, and being amidst thousands gave an amazing feeling,\" said fashion designer Krupa Sumanth. She, having completed 5km celebration walk in 40 minutes, is confidant of attempting the 10km marathon next year. Live music by DJ and folk dance troupes added colour to the event which was flagged of mayor M C Rajeshwari, former athlete Reeth Abraham.AGE NO BARBeing 82 did not matter to international walker N R Shankar Rao. The veteran of walks in Sri Lanka, Malaysia and Bangkok said only spirit - not age -matters when it comes to maintaining a healthy lifestyle. He was here to take part in 5km celebration walk. He advised the youngsters to run/ jog every day to maintain health. He was joined by another senior citizen, 70-year-old Janardhan, who came all the way from Bangalore for the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17004335", "title": "Scots excited about CWG after London Olympics", "text": "The superb display by London in showcasing the Olympics has fired the imagination of the Scots who are now eagerly awaiting the next Commonwealth Games to be hosted by Glasgow in two years time.According to a new report released by Glasgow 2014 Games Partners on Monday, \"the interest across Scotland in buying tickets for Glasgow 2014 doubled following the start of the London 2012 Olympic and Paralympic Games with more than 40 per cent of Scots saying the experience had made them more excited for the Commonwealth Games.\"The work of the organizers also saw the launch of Clyde, the official mascot and announcement of Ambassadors including Sir Chris Hoy and Rebecca Adlington. Reviewing the progress of the preparations, the Commonwealth Games Federation Co-ordination Commission Chairman Bruce Robertson described Glasgow 2014 as having the opportunity to host the best Commonwealth Games ever.The Games officials can also take pride in the fact that two of the key venues -- the Sir Chris Hoy Velodrome and the Commonwealth Arena in the East End of Glasgow - were opened.\"The last six months have been a real game-changer for the Organising Committee. We have reached a number of milestones and built significant momentum as we get closer to the Games. The recent Commonwealth Games Federation Coordination Commission highlighted the progress we have made in recent months and the opportunity we have to deliver an outstanding Commonwealth Games.\"We remain confident but not complacent and focused on the task in hand. There is a lot of hard work to be done by the Organising Committee, our Games Partners and our stakeholders over the next two years to ensure we stage a Games of which Glasgow, Scotland and the Commonwealth can be proud,\" Glasgow Chief Executive David Grevemberg said in a release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17003390", "title": "Facebook removes link to 'hardcore' porn site", "text": "LONDON: An offensive page called 'Bikini Jailbait', which exploits young women and directs people to hardcore porn websites has finally been removed from Facebook after it sparked outrage among users.The site pictured many graphic pictures of seemingly under-aged young women in various states of undress.The link provided by Bikini Jailbait directs internet users to a hardcore porn page, the Daily Mail reports.According to the paper, one person wrote on the page's wall that the site was 'wrong on so many levels,' and urged other users to report the site.A representative for Facebook said that the page had been removed although would not comment on individual cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16999711", "title": "\u2018Wish car\u2019 to vroom in festive cheer", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With an aim to bring some festive cheer into the lives of underprivileged and specially abled, a group of seven engineering students have taken the task of gathering financial resources for them through a \"wish car\".The group, Glitterz, have made a dummy Formula 1 car on which people would be invited to write their wishes. Following this the car would be auctioned online, proceeding of which will go to helping the specially abled.The group, includes Aarzoo Trehan, Vikas Bansal, Himanshu Rana, Akhil Dharni, Gaurav Bansal, Harshit Kapoor and Tushar Mittal, all students of engineering at a private university.\"Our group believes that whosoever writes a wish on the 'wish car' will have it fulfiled,\" said Aarzoo Trehan, a second year student.On Sunday, the car was placed in Sector-17 Plaza, where it caught the attention of almost every passerby. The car would be parked there from 6pm to 9pm everyday, until the day of auction.\"The online auction of the car would be scheduled after Tuesday, as Formula 1 race concludes on Tuesday,\" said Akhil, a third year student. The event also aims at motivating aspiring racers who wish to be a part of Formula One excitement.\"The event has been planned alongside the ongoing Formula One race to encourage and motivate city racers,\" said Vikas, a fourth year student.This is not the group's first initiative as they have been organizing such events in the past too. \"We have organized various events in our college as well as Mother Teresa Home to help specially abled children there. We had also organized a sky lantern event where we released Chinese lanterns after making a wish,\" said Himanshu, a fourth year student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17001814", "title": "Samsung fined Rs 10,000 over faulty phone", "text": "NEW DELHI: Samsung India has been asked by a consumer forum to pay Rs 10,000 to one of its customers for selling him a faulty mobile phone and then failing to get it repaired.The compensation was awarded by the Central Delhi District Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum after Samsung offered to settle the matter by paying Rs 10,000 to complainant Mulk Raj Manchanda.\"We have examined the record and have found that the instrument, purchased by the complainant (Manchanda), has not given him due service/facilities. The same could not be repaired by the seller as well as by the service provider of Samsung India Electronics Pvt Ltd.\"\"We are of the view that the amount of Rs 10,000 as offered by opposite party three (Samsung) will be sufficient to meet the claim of the complainant in all respect, including the purchase cost of the mobile phone as well as compensation and litigation charges.\"We allow the complaint with the direction to Samsung to pay the complainant Rs 10,000 on returning the mobile phone by him to opposite party 3,\" the bench presided by B B Chaudhary said.In his complaint, Manchanda had alleged the Samsung mobile phone which he had purchased on December 29, 2009 for Rs 5,300 did not function properly and had a faulty battery.He had also alleged the Samsung's authorised dealer from whom he had bought the phone had assured him that if the device gave any trouble then free service for five years would be available and if the trouble persists, the mobile handset would be replaced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17000058", "title": "Metropolitan Transport Corporation to revive announcement system for upcoming bus stops", "text": "CHENNAI: Passengers on Metropolitan Transport Corporation (MTC) buses won't have to worry about where to get off, as an announcement facility will tell them about upcoming bus stops. MTC has planned to revive the service in all it's buses, after the plan fizzled out in 2008.Sources in the MTC said that they have introduced the announcement system in two buses in 21H route (Broadway - Kelambakkam) on trial basis. In 2008, MTC introduced similar facility in deluxe buses on 21G route but they could not expand the service and it was later stopped.A senior MTC official said: \"We have found that the trail experiment in the 21H route was successful. So we have decided to introduce this facility in all the buses. Pallavan Transport Consultancy Limited (PTCS) has invited tenders.\"There are also complaints from passengers about the absence of adequate display boards at bus stops. Edwin Thomas, a regular commuter on the 21G route says: \"It's sometimes very difficult to identify the bus stop, especially when we are in a crowded bus. As most of the bus stops don't have any name boards it makes matters worse. So there are chances that people get down only after the intended destination has passed\".This service will be introduced with the help of Global Positioning System (GPS). Officials said that when the service is introduced, the announcements will be made in Tamil. \"There are also plans to introduce the facility in English,\" an official said. Separately, PTCS has floated tenders to install LCD monitors in buses to tap in revenue through advertising.Some commuters are excited about this idea. \"The plan to revive the announcement system is great, but they should not make sure the facility is maintained well,\" said Jayashree, a college student who takes 29C route (Perambur-Besant Nagar).MTC has a fleet of 3,461 buses,. \"I was travelling in a 41D and told the conductor to alert me when the bus reaches Adyar Gate. But the conductor forgot about it and I got off only at Mandaveli. An announcement system is welcome,\" said Arun Pandian, a commuter.Conductors said the facility will bring some relief for them. \"Most of the commuters fall asleep, especially in long routes. Even if we shout the name of the stop, they don't hear it. Hope this would bring some difference,\" said a conductor on 41D route (Avadi-Mandaveli).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "16998597", "title": "Sharmila refuses to accept awards until repeal of Armed forces Act in Manipur", "text": "IMPHAL: Taking into account Irom Sharmila Chanu's decision not to accept any award unless the controversial Armed Forces (Special Powers) Act (Afspa) is repealed from Manipur, the Just Peace Foundation, a trust set up for her cause, has returned a prestigious award conferred on her.On October 9, Sharmila had said she would not accept any award from any individual or organization until and unless the military act is scrapped.\"Before October 9, the Kerala-based Kovilan Trust had already intimated us about conferring the Kolivan Smaraka Activist India National Award on my sister,\" Irom Singhajit, Sharmila's elder brother and a trustee of the JPF, said on Sunday.\"To honour the Kovilan Trust as well as Sharmila's decision, we accepted the award handed by the globally-renowned writer and activist Mahaswata Devi at a ceremony held on Saturday in Kolkata and returned the same promptly,\" he said.While returning the award, he requested the Kolivan trustees to keep the award and hand it over to Shamila after the Army act is repealed.Fondly called 'Memngou' by her family and locals, Sharmila (41) has been fasting since November 5, 2000, a couple of days after Assam Rifles soldiers mowed down 10 civilians, including a National Child Bravery Award winner, near a bus stand at Malom village in Imphal West.Sharmila, whose fast has earned her the epithet 'Iron lady of Manipur', is being forced fed through her nose at the state-run Jawaharlal Nehru Institute of Medical Science close to her Kongpal Kongkham Leikai residence in Imphal East.\"A series of programmes to observe the 12th year of her struggle against Afspa has been lined during the first week of November,\" said Kshetrimayum Onil, a JPF trustee.The Congress-led Secular Progressive Front (SPF) government had lifted Afspa from Imphal municipal areas covering seven assembly constituencies in 2004 in the aftermath of the massive public protest against the rape and killing of Thangjam Manoram Devi by Assam Rifles soldiers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17005091", "title": "Senior men probables for future tournaments pruned down to 33", "text": "NEW DELHI: Hockey India selection committee has decided to prune down the list of core group men probables to 33 players during the three-day selection trials which concluded at the SAI Centre in Patiala on Sunday.Hockey India selectors Col. Balbir Singh, BP Govinda and Thoaiba Singh as well as Government Observer Harbinder Singh and chief coach Michael Nobbs tested the fitness and performance of all players before pruning down the list of core probables from 48 to 33 so as to build strong team for the future.The selectors will announce the squad of 18 shortly for the Lanco International Super Series in Perth (November 22-25), the FIH Champions Trophy in Melbourne (December 1-9) and the second Asian Men's Champions Trophy in Doha (December 20-27).List of 33 players:Goal Keepers: PR Sreejesh, PT Rao, Srenivas RaoFull Backs: VR Raghunath, Sandeep Singh, Rupinderpal Singh, Harbir Singh, Amit Rohidas, Sampath Kumar Maylaram.Half Backs: Sardar Singh, Kothajit Singh, Birendra Lakra, Manpreet Singh, MB Aiyappa, Pradeep Mor, Gurmail Singh, Vivek Dhar.Forwards: SV Sunil, Gurvinder Singh Chandi, Chinglensana Singh, Shivendra Singh, Danish Mujtaba, SK Uthappa, Pradhanna Sommanna, Nithin Thimmaiah, Yuvraj Walmiki, Dharamvir Singh, Akashdeep Singh, MG Poonacha, Prabhdeep Singh, PL Thimmanna, Sukhdev Singh, Gurpreet Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16997425", "title": "Muttemwar misses the bus again", "text": "NAGPUR: The Union cabinet reshuffle, a major one and probably the last before UPA-II term ends in 2014, had nothing in it for Vidarbha or even Maharashtra. No new ministers were inducted from the state whose strength in the cabinet stands reduced by two after the demise of Vilasrao Deshmukh and exit of Mukul Wasnik.The two regions of the state - Vidarbha and Marathwada - have absolutely no representation now from the Congress in the government. Political observers see this as a major setback for the party even as the midcourse opportunity to correct regional skew that the reshuffle provided was lost. Wasnik's exit from the cabinet a day before the reshuffle was even seen as paving of the way for Muttemwar's entry. Yet, the seven-term MP from the city missed the bus yet again.The senior Congress MP had been pitching in for the ministerial berth for last couple of months and trying to convince the party leadership that his elevation would be in order as in 2014 elections the BJP president Nitin Gadkari would be pitted against him from Nagpur Lok Sabha constituency.A higher profile would help him reap electoral benefits. But ironically, the build-up for the reshuffle coincided with falling from grace of Gadkari himself. The BJP president is in deep trouble because of blatant and large-scale irregularities in his private business endeavours in his home turf.\"The denial of chance to Muttemwar this time could have more to do with Gadkari's present plight. The party may have reasoned that with Gadkari already on a weak wicket, there was no need to strengthen Muttemwar any more,\" said a senior Congress leader.The next battle for Nagpur thus looks on an even footing between a disgraced Gadkari and a Muttemwar who is given short shrift by his party.In his two terms as minister of state, once in mid-90s in P V Narasimha Rao government and more recently during UPA-I, Muttemwar may not have succeeded in projecting himself as an outstanding performer. But then he has managed all these years to come out with a clean image. This he was hoping would come to his rescue in this season of scams and anti-corruption crusades. But then it is likely that his extreme pro-Vidarbha stand a couple of years ago that embarrassed the Congress already troubled by Telangana tangle, has not been forgotten by the party leadership. He may have paid the price for that now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16999247", "title": "16 villages selected for govt benefits scheme", "text": "KANPUR: As many as 16 villages from Kanpur Nagar have been selected for development under Lohia Samagra Vikas Yojna of the state government.As part of the scheme, residents of these villages would now get a pucca roof and a sum of Rs 10,000 each for dry lavatories. Besides, issues pertaining to potable water supply will also be sorted out.According to the district magistrate office, a sum of Rs 50 crore is expected to be invested in the facelift of the selected villages.Under Ram Manohar Lohia Vikas Yojna, construction of roads, installation of hand pumps, setting of primary and higher secondary schools, Anganwadi centers would also be executed. The selected villages are Katri Shankarpur Sarayan, Kumhaupur, Tatarpur, Tharepah, Behrampur, Tiwaripur, Sarh, Ratanpur, Sunailla, Ibrahimpur Ross, Nihura, Chaudharypur, Baghara, Raigopalpur and Dahilar Abbal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16997858", "title": "Overseas investors hold one-on-one meet with CM", "text": "INDORE: The inaugural day of GIS turned out to be quite encouraging for micro, small and medium industries. Representatives of foreign companies, interested in making investment in Madhya Pradesh, held one-on-one meeting with chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan and discussed proposals with him.A delegation of Canadian industrialists led by Canadian Consulate General Nicholas Lepage met Chouhan and evinced interest in making investment in various sectors. Canadian investors reportedly showed special interest in health, food processing, culture, infrastructure and mining sectors.The CM told them that there is an immense potential of investment in these sectors. Besides, favourable atmosphere for industrial development is also prevailing in the state due to investment-friendly policies, he added.Oman's Hasan Juma Baker Trading &amp; Construction Company expressed wish to invest in infrastructure development, health and hotel industry.Company's senior director Krishna Kumar said in Oman, infrastructure for industries is developed by the government. His company has over three decades' experiences in the field. Kumar also gave detailed information about the company's experience in water supply sector.The CM said investment in infrastructure sector was welcome in the state. Investment in this sector is being invited with full transparency. Roads are also being constructed with public-private participation. Any company can become partner in it. He said 27 new industrial areas are being developed in the state. Immediate investment can be made in health, infrastructure and hotel construction sectors, the CM said.Participation in mining sector can be undertaken under a transparent process.Delegation of the Oman's company lauded the state government's policies and efforts for creating a conducive atmosphere for investment.They said Chouhan enjoys a global image and innovations implemented for good governance in Madhya Pradesh are being talked about in various countries of the world. Lauding arrangements made for welcoming guests and other arrangements, leading Quebec delegation led by Nicolas Banerjee-Brodeur invited the CM to their country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16999937", "title": "Congress is a pain for NCP, says R R Patil", "text": "MUMBAI: Home minister R R Patil came down heavily on the Congress on Sunday, saying the party has become \"a pain\" for the NCP. \"Because of its corrupt practices and its leaders going to jail, the Congress has become a pain for the NCP,\" Patil said at a rally in Dahanu, Thane , adding that the Congress had become a liability.\"There was a time when Congress leaders fought the British and were imprisoned. But today, Congress leaders are imprisoned for rampant corrupt practices,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16998340", "title": "ATM fraud: 2 cheat armyman of Rs 51k", "text": "NEW DELHI: An armyman was in for a rude shock when two crooks befriended him and cheated him of his savings in lieu of providing him a confirmed ticket. The incident took place when Mupparaju Veeraiah was waiting for a train to Vijaywada at New Delhi Railway Station.Few days ago, Veeraiah, posted in Jammu, was on his way back home when a person assured him a confirmed ticket through special quota. The man tricked Veeraiah and exchanged his ATM card with a different one. So while Veeraiah waited for his ticket, the crooks fraudulently withdrew Rs 50,000 from his ATM.According to the FIR, Veeraiah met a person at New Delhi station and they shared an auto till Nizamuddin station. \"We were on our way when another person sat with us. The third man assured a confirmed ticked to the two and asked them to keep their ATM cards and cash in an envelope, and also write the ATM PIN on top,\" the complain read.The first man readily put Rs 2,500 and his ATM in an envelope and handed it over to the third man. Veeraiah also put Rs 1,000 and his ATM card in an envelope and wrote his PIN on top. Soon, the third man returned the envelopes and left with the other man, asking Veeraiah to wait till they get his confirmed ticket.Bank officials later told him that Rs 50,000 were withdrawn from his ATM. The photographs and CCTV footage of the accused have been obtained and further probe is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16997414", "title": "Congress infighting to the fore again", "text": "NAGPUR: The denial of ministerial berth to city MP Vilas Muttemwar in the cabinet reshuffle on Sunday has once again brought to the fore rampant infighting in the Congress. Many Congress leaders from the region, however, did express surprise that Muttemwar was not considered when over a dozen ministerial berths were being filled up. But political pundits believe that it was the bitterness and internal rivalry that cost him the berth.When Muttemwar was dropped from his ministry in 2009 by prime minister Manmohan Singh , it looked logical as another senior party functionary and Ramtek MP Mukul Wasnik was given a place in it. It was argued that two MPs from the same district could not be accommodated in the ministry and so he was left out. But on Sunday when Singh effected the reshuffle there was no such impediment and it looked that the city MP would make it this time.Later, Muttemwar was placated by the party which elevated him to the post of general secretary of AICC assigning him the task of monitoring implementation of government's flagship programmes in all the states. But the seven-term MP was hopeful that he would get his due place in the ministry this time. Muttemwar lobbied hard for the berth in last couple of months and his name was doing the rounds in the national capital till a fortnight ago.But apparently his detractors were working with equal vigour to see to it that he was denied the chance. Party sources indicated that a leader with access to party president Sonia Gandhi and another one close to Maharashtra chief minister pitched in for Wardha MP Datta Meghe. Apparently this group highlighted the pro-Vidarbha stance taken by him against the party line. To counter this, the rival camp refreshed the party with the close ties BJP president Nitin Gadkari enjoys with Meghe to scuttle the latter's chances. Finally fed up with this faction fighting, the party leadership dumped both of them.With several party factions in the city and the region at daggers drawn, the situation could only take a turn for worse in the coming days. However, state Congress president Manikrao Thakre on Sunday told TOI that he was not aware of factions working against one another and was confident that all would come together for the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16997404", "title": "Couple found murdered in Medchal", "text": "HYDERABAD: A middle-aged couple was brutally murdered in Medchal on Saturday night.The victims were identified as Mutyala Rao, 55, and his wife Kumari, 45, of Medchal. Rao was working as a watchman at Dr Rambabu's under-construction house in Medchal, while Kumari used to work at a mosquito coil factory in Kallakal village near Toopran. The couple was staying in a room at the under-construction house.The incident came to light on Sunday morning when construction supervisor Ramesh arrived at the building. As Rao was not responding to his calls, Ramesh went to his room and found the couple lying dead on the bed.\"The assailants attacked the victims either with a hunting sickle or an axe. They suffered deep injuries on the head and died on the spot,\" assistant commissioner of police (ACP), Petbasheerabad, Syed Rafiq told TOI. Police said that the assailants were not after the money as a small amount of cash with Mutyala Rao and the gold jewellery which Kumari was wearing were untouched. \"The victims are survived by two daughters who stay in Kallakal. We are trying to find out if the family has any enemies,\" the ACP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "16997733", "title": "An eatery in the middle of Jaisalmer\u2019s protected haveli", "text": "JAISALMER: A restaurant has been opened inside Jaisalmer's world renowned and protected Patwa Haveli, in a blatant breach of laws.The restaurant was opened by a private hotelier at 3127B haveli on the occasion of Dussehra.When TOI reached the haveli it found the restaurant \u2014 called Patwa Pakwan \u2014 functioning inside the 18th-century five storey haveli. A number of tourists could be seen enjoying food in the eatery which has 22 tables with interior designing done in the style of the rest of the haveli.It is still not clear with whose permission the restaurant was opened, considering 42% of the haveli is with the state government and the remaining owned by 10 shareholders", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "16997730", "title": "Sebastian Vettel bullies the field at Indian Grand Prix", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Sebastian Vettel landed in India with a six-point lead. He left India with a 13-point cushion and a smile that will stay on his face on the flight to Abu Dhabi, where Formula One will reconvene for Round 18 of the 2012 championship.In Pics: Vettel wins Indian GP | F1 Results | Drivers' Standings | Constructors' StandingsFor the second year running, Vettel proved himself the undisputed master of the Indian GP. Having driven flawlessly the whole weekend, except for a tiny bobble late in qualifying on Saturday, Vettel and 'Abbey' - Vettel's name for his 2012 car - did what was expected of them as Vettel cantered to his second consecutive win at the Airtel Indian Grand Prix.It was the first time that the 25-year-old has strung together four successive wins in a season. It was also the first time since Ayrton Senna in 1989 that a driver has led every lap for three races in a row.Vettel looked even more comfortable than he did last year. His teammate Webber tried to take the lead in the first corner but backed off immediately and Vettel wasted little time in building a comfortable - at times a yawning - gap between him and the rest of the field.The only time the Red Bull Racing pit wall had a slight scare was when Vettel's under tray generated a few sparks under braking towards the end, with under 10 laps to go. The German driver, who at the moment looks unbeatable in that Adrian Newey-designed car, is at 240 points, 13 points ahead of Ferrari's Fernando Alonso.But Vettel's win was hardly the most exciting bit of the afternoon. It was his closest competitor, Fernando Alonso , who kept his title chances alive with an exhilarating and determined drive on Sunday at the Buddh.Once the five red lights went out at just over 3.04 pm, Alonso, who qualified behind the Red Bulls and McLarens in fifth place, found himself just behind Mark Webber's Red Bull within five laps, having moved up two spots.He had promised to attack the Red Bulls and he never let his foot off the pedal. A feisty competitor, Alonso is convinced that he will win this year's title, and when asked whether he had changed his mind after Vettel's win, the Spaniard answered in the negative. \"I am more positive now than when we started. We would've had ten points with fifth place. Now we have 18 with this second place so I think we gained eight points today, not lost seven points with Sebastian. I think we will remember this race,\" the Spaniard said.Alonso quickly split the two McLarens and overtook them. He was never more than two seconds behind Webber, who had to drive nearly 40 laps of the race with a malfunctioning KERS system. And Alonso took full advantage of that fact, using his DRS to pull away from Webber. Even though his pace was at par with Vettel, the Ferrari driver didn't have enough time on his hands to threaten Vettel, who won with a 9.4-second lead.Webber had his hands full trying to keep Lewis Hamilton's McLaren behind him during the latter part of the race, but held on to finish on the podium. The McLarens of Hamilton and Jenson Button had to be happy with a 4-5 finish. The McLarens, who were quick in qualifying and were expected to blaze around the track on Sunday, were a little late on the pace, coming to life in the latter stages of the race. Button managed the fastest lap of the race on lap 60, which would've made him feel only marginally better, if at all.Felipe Massa couldn't push through the field like Alonso had but had to fend off the challenge from Lotus' Kimi Raikkonen throughout the race distance of 307.249 kilometres. Raikkonen, who finished seventh and is third in the driver's championship on 173 points, tried hard but couldn't be fast enough to overtake Massa when it mattered.Nico Hulkenberg delivered again for Force India by holding off a challenging Romain Grosjean in the other Lotus , while another strong performance from Bruno Senna saw the Brazilian catch and pass Nico Rosberg's Mercedes to snatch the final point.For Michael Schumacher , the 2012 Indian Grand Prix was a forgettable race in more ways than one. His rear tyre fell prey to Jean-Eric Vergne's front wing in the first corner and both the drivers had to pit for repairs at the end of the first lap. Schumacher's embarrassment didn't end there. He was later investigated for ignoring blue flags. The team later decided to retire his car for technical reasons with five laps left.Moments of the race* Alonso split the two McLarens of Hamilton and Button and overtook them within five laps. On Lap 1, Alonso managed to draft past both Hamilton and Button on the long straight, then saw them go back around him - one on either side - at Turn 4. On Lap 5, he left Button behind using the DRS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16998211", "title": "Kejriwal questions Khurshid\u2019s elevation", "text": "NEW DELHI: Activist Arvind Kejriwal on Sunday slammed Salman Khurshid's \"elevation\" as external affairs minister, saying the government stood exposed for supporting corruption and underlined his resolve to go ahead with the protest rally planned in Farrukhabad on November 1.\"Reshuffle exposes this government. Corrupt are not just protected but also rewarded,'' he said. Khurshid's new portfolio has signalled that the government has put its weight behind the minister who till last week was seen defending charges of financial irregularities against his NGO.Kejriwal and a group of differently-abled people under the aegis of the Rashtriya Viklang Party had launched a four-day protest against Khurshid's NGO 'Dr Zakir Hussain Memorial Trust' that has been accused of embezzling funds amounting to Rs 71 lakh meant for aid and equipment for the physically impaired. The activists had demanded Khurshid's resignation and the arrest of his wife Louise.Reacting to the Cabinet reshuffle, Kejriwal said, \"Can government explain why XYZ was removed from any ministry and why ABC was brought in? Or is it completely arbitrary and whimsical? Then how are we a democracy? Isn't it a dictatorship?''Kejriwal led India Against Corruption (IAC) plans to continue its offensive against Khurshid with a rally on November 1 in his constituency Farrukhabad.\"We will demand that the people of Farrukhabad reject Khurshid in the coming polls,'' Kejriwal said. IAC has already begun a largescale campaign, urging supporters to reach Farrukhabad to show their solidarity.Kejriwal added, \"There will be absolutely no impact on the people of this country of this Cabinet reshuffle. People were earlier also facing rising prices and corruption and that is likely to continue. It is basically musical chairs, that a person was a law minister earlier, now he or she may become external affairs minister. But there will be no impact on the people of this country.''Kejriwal also said the ministers who were facing corruption allegations were still around and some of them had been elevated whether it was Khurshid or finance minister P Chidambaram.\"All the people who are facing corruption would continue as ministers. For example, there are allegations of corruption against Salman Khurshid , against Chidambaram, against Sriprakash Jaiswal, against Kapil Sibal and all these people will continue as ministers. So it will be life as usual. It is just that their chairs are being changed,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16999362", "title": "Fix systems for Blackberry interception, govt tells telecom service providers", "text": "NEW DELHI: Government has asked all telecom service providers to ensure necessary system is in place by Dec 31 for legal interception of Blackberry services with a solution for this being provided by the smartphone-maker to security agencies.In a note, the Department of Telecom said intensive discussions have taken place on the issue of intercepting the services provided by Canada-based Research-In-Motion , manufacturers of the smart phones, but the Telecom Services Providers (TSPs) have not been implementing the interception solution in respect of Blackberry services offered by them.\"...therefore, we may ask all TSPs to comply with the Blackberry Interception requirement,\" the note said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16999341", "title": "Examination rush jam Varanasi roads", "text": "VARANASI: Those in the habit of taking their vehicles out for a spin on weekends anticipating open roads were in for a rude shock on Sunday with several roads in the city choc-a-bloc with traffic owing to ill-planned religious events and examinations.Despite the fact that markets, offices and schools were closed on the day, several areas witnessed major traffic jams around afternoon on Sunday. Worst affected was Mahmoorganj-Manduadih road where an organisation had hosted a religious discourse but made little arrangements to park the deluge of vehicles of the guests the event attracted. Most vehicles were parked on the roadside on the already narrow road, leading to a traffic bottleneck.To avoid inconvenience for people, the district administration has prescribed norms for seeking permission before holding such events so that officials of district administration and police make necessary arrangements. When the ADM City MP Singh was contacted, he denied having any information of this particular event. However, when he visited the area late in the ,afternoon he realised the gravity of the matter and admitted that the improper parking of vehicles had inconvenienced people.But commuting wasn't difficult on just this road. Vehicular movement also suffered badly on roads like Maldahiya-Marimai crossing, Cantonment railway station-Andhrapul road, and also on the road leading to the centers of Staff Selection Commission (SSC) examination. Singh said the number of candidates at this examination was very high due to which an increase in traffic load was evident on the city roads.Vehicular movement on Cantonment railway station-Andhrapul road was also affected due to haphazard halting of roadways as well as private passenger buses outside the UP State Road Transport depot to collect passengers. When SP Traffic GN Khanna was contacted over phone, he admitted having received information of traffic jams on the city roads. He said the quick reaction team (QRT) of traffic police had been alerted and the traffic personnel were deployed at points where the problem was worst.Another factor that contributed to the jams on the day were encroachments along the roads. These included not only the make-shift shops of petty vendors, but also the dumping of construction materials by owners of under-construction buildings which cut off major parts of prominent roads in many areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16999178", "title": "Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon caught between HC and state govt", "text": "GURGAON: The MCG authorities claim their hands are tied. According to them, they are caught between the high court order and the state government in the matter relating to 14 foot overbridges (FOBs) that are to come up across the city.According to the municipal commissioner, the MCG cannot utilize its own funds to construct these FOBs since the state government has asked it not to use its own money.\"During the initial stages of planning these FOBs, I had asked the state government (the urban local bodies department) to give permission to build it ourselves, using our own money. However, the state authorities turned down our request and instead asked to implement this project on BOT (build operate transfer) basis. Now after the high court has ordered that advertisements cannot be placed on the main roads, we will seek guidance from the state government on how to go about this matter,\" said Sudhir Rajpal, MCG commissioner.\"If they allow us to spend our funds to build these FOBs we might do so. However, it is too early for me to confirm anything. It is a long-drawn process and we will study and verify what the court has to say,\" he said.The residents though want this issue to be sorted out quickly between the MCG and the state government. \"The MCG is one of the very few municipal corporations that is cash-rich and is not entirely dependent on the state government for funds. I think the municipal commissioner should be allowed to use his discretionary power so that he can use the MCG funds for public good. The state government should immediately give him the sanction so that these FOBs can come up at the earliest,\" said Ajit Kumar , a Palam Vihar resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-29"}
