{"city": "wardha", "code": "11985346", "title": "Kelzar villagers live under fear of tiger", "text": "WARDHA: The villagers of Kelzar are a harried lot as their cattle are being killed by tigers. On Monday night a tiger killed two cows of Madhukar Sahare. These cows were tied to poles in the cowshed yet the tiger attacked them. Sahare's home is at the end of Kelzar village and just adjacent to the cow shed there is a nullah.In a desperate bid the two cows broke their chain and entered into the farm of Vasantrao Sontakke. However, the tiger overpowered the cows in the farm and during the act Sontakke's farm, wherein wheat and maize was sowed, was destroyed.Villagers said that tigers come to the nullah to drink water as there is shortage of water in nearby jungle. The forest department should make a water holes for the tigers in the forest.Ashish Goswami, the district president of people for animals organization, said that the forest department and villagers should make a committee to conserve the wild life; the earlier committees of the villagers are inactive. The problems can not be solved without the villagers help.Wardha DFO said, \"Kelzar is near Bor sanctuary. When the tigers come out of it in search of water and prey they attack the villagers and their cattle.\"About the water scenario in forest, he said, \"We are trying to make water available in the forest area. Recently we created some waterholes and hand pumps were installed. There are quite a few nullahs in the forest and those haven't dried up but still we are trying to fill these artificial waterholes so that the wild animals have plenty of water to drink in summer season.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11986051", "title": "Divorce cases dip in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: Married couples in the city appear to be getting more tolerant of each other's differences with statistics showing a decrease in the number of divorce cases filed at the family court last year.The four family courts in the city recorded 3,742 cases of divorce and divorce by mutual consent in 2011. In 2010, as many as 3,803 cases had been filed in these courts.Statistics available with TOI for the period from 2000 to 2011 indicate a slowdown in the rate of growth of divorce cases that are being filed as well. While the compound annual growth rate (CAGR) stood at 12.4% from 2001 to 2006, it tumbled to 4.9% from 2006 to 2011.Lawyers say this could be due to the efforts made by the court in getting couples to settle their differences; even reunite, by sending them for mediation and counselling.\"Once a petition for divorce is filed, the couple are immediately referred to counselling. In the mofussil areas, they are sent to the Lok Adalat if there are no family courts there. If the couple do reunite, the case is dismissed as withdrawn. Perhaps these cases were not taken into account when the statistics were compiled. This could explain the fall in the growth rate,\" an advocate said.Lawyers add the slow down in the city should be matched by other areas of the state as well. \"There is an increase in matrimonial cases from suburban areas. Thursday has been reserved for matrimonial matters at the Tambaram sub-court. We can get an idea of whether there divorce cases are reducing if we can get statistics from family courts in Coimbatore and Madurai along with data from the mofussil courts,\" said advocate Adhilakshmi Logamurthy.Pointing out cases continued to stagnate for years on end, lawyers said that concerted efforts had to be taken for speedy disposal of cases.\"Why does a person have to wait for eight years and why should his/her life hinge on the orders on a divorce petition? Close to 200 petitions relating to various issues are filed at these family courts every day. During the session between 10.30am and 1pm, the judges just call the cases and adjourn them. Matters are taken up for final hearing only during the later half of the day. A better system needs to be worked out so that cases are taken up for disposal in the morning itself. The process has to be simplified,\" advocate Sheila Jayaprakash said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "etah/etawah/mainpuri", "code": "11985830", "title": "Mayawati uses law and order plank in MSY den", "text": "ETAH/ETAWAH/MAINPURI: Memories of Mulayam raj vs. failed governance of Mayawati. The competing sentiments are in full play in the Yadav heartland, with a looming question if fears over 'law and order' could hobble the Samajwadi Party in its den.If Etah air has a whiff of \"decider\" to 'Mulayam vs. Mayawati' battle, with a sentiment of change among non-BSP voters, it does carry the contentment of \"crime-free\" five years among commoners. \"Bhaiyya, koi baurayo na ya paanch saal me,\" said a resident, summing up how all known Yadav bahubalis stayed indoors under Mayawati's watch.Similar voices are heard closed doors in Etawah and Mainpuri. Both places can give SP wins but could also leave it stranded if \"law and order\" concerns influence voting among non-Yadavs.The apprehensions have been heightened by reports of SP gaining lead in voting till now, leading to 'roadshows' and 'bike races' by cocky youth sniffing return to power. \"There is a reality check,\" a resident said in Etawah. In this negativity, Akhilesh Yadav inspires confidence, but just that bit.A canny Mayawati's pitch for 'law and order' as flagship plank is strategic as in Yadav den, it invariably turns into a call for non-Yadav consolidation.Sample Aliganj in Etah. BSP dropped Avadhpal Yadav for young doctor Sanghmitra Maurya. While Avadhpal cannot rebel, fearing a SP win would bring back his enemy Rameshwar Yadav, BSP hopes that fielding a non-Yadav would bait other groups like uppercastes and backwards like Lodhs and Shakyas. It is to be seen if corruption and anti-incumbency, that Akhilesh so vociferously underlined in his campaign, can trip 'law and order' as voters concern. Normally, a resident said, Rameshwar Yadav should have won easily, but now rivals see a ray of hope.Congress has made a surge here, largely by picking SP defectors. Devendra Yadav's young daughter Vasu in Patiyali (Etah) is contesting well. Shishupal Yadav, an alleged 'statue smuggler', in Etah city and Salim Sherwani's brother in Kasganj fancy their chances. Besides, presence of Kalyan Singh's Lodh community and multiplicity of Yadav candidates from other banners have become irritants for SP. Asked about rebels, Akhilesh chided, \"Battles are not won by borrowed soldiers and commanders.\"As the listening post in the Yadav borough, the belt which hoisted the Samajwadi chieftain on the national stage, melding of a solid combination of Yadav-led OBCs and Muslims, is being watched keenly. The advent of BSP has fragmented the backward monolith, best evident in the way anti-SP forces tapped the anti-establishment anger last time. Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11986274", "title": "Far from politics, Babba yields clout in Saifai", "text": "LUCKNOW: At 6.00 am every day, a dhoti-kurta clad man takes off on his motorbike to tend to his farms. By noon, he returns home to feed his buffaloes that won't have their fodder except under his supervision. Fondly addressed as 'Babba' by his coterie of friends, he's the average farmer and cattle-keeper from Saifai you wouldn't notice, except for his striking resemblance to Mulayam Singh Yadav. That's Abhay Ram Singh, 68, a farmer by profession and Mulayam's younger brother.There is a reason why little is known about Abhay Ram. From three-time chief minister Mulayam Singh Yadav , Shivpal, his youngest brother and leader of the opposition in the outgoing UP assembly to Ramgopal Yadav, the Rajya Sabha MP and even the next generation (Akhilesh Yadav and Dharmendra), politics has been synonymous with the family, except Abhay Ram, who has firmly stayed away. That his name gets lost amidst the political chatter, he says, is a happy coincidence.\"I am just a farmer. I am happy with farming and looking after my herd of cows and buffaloes. Politics is for all the others in the family.\"Gathered around Abhay Ram, local villagers and cronies nod sagely. \"Why should Babba go? This is what makes him happy,\" one of them adds. If local stories are to be believed, Babba has a visceral hatred for urban life. A few years ago, when Saifai still did not have the state-of-the-art Rural Institute of Medical Sciences and Research, Abhay Ram fell seriously ill. For his treatment, Mulayam Singh had Abhay Ram moved to Lucknow. Three days later, his treatment yet to be completed, Abhay Ram returned to Saifai. His favourite buffalo, he said, would not eat if he didn't feed her. It was non-negotiable; he had to return.Among locals, Abhay Ram is a seasoned agricultural guide, who issues advisories on when and what to plant, how to care for the crop and the right time to spray pesticides. \"Babba tells us when to plant potatoes and sugarcane. He also tells us how to increase our farm yield. He's always here for help,\" says Ram Singh, a resident of Saifai village. Abhay Ram even prefers to stay in a house adjacent to where his cattle are, instead of Mulayam's lavish bungalow, barely a few meters away. Grand nephew Tej Pratap Singh, says, \"He's like an encyclopaedia on agriculture. That's what he talks about, farming and cattle.\"He's not passed on his passion for farming, though, to sons, Anurag and Dharmendra, one a civil servant and the other, the Badaun MP. Grand nephew Tej Pratap Singh, meanwhile, is happy soaking in the wisdom. \"When I was younger, Babba took me to the farms and gave me sugarcane and watermelons. He knows a great deal about agriculture and teaches me about it.\"Babba, meanwhile, says he doesn't mind being photographed. \"What's to see in my picture,\" he asks. Smiling, he stands for a photo beside some grazing calves. His feet are covered in mud, but the smile of satisfaction on his face suggests he doesn't mind.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11985365", "title": "Youths on bike snatch bag with Rs 6 lakhs", "text": "NAGPUR: Two bike-borne youths snatched a bag containing Rs 6 lakhs from a pedestrian on Tuesday afternoon at the busy Aath Rasta Square. Police said that passers-by tried to chase the youths but they were too quick for them.Sanjay Chimote, a resident of Khamla, was taking the cash to deposit in a private bank. Chimote works with the accounts department of a super bazar at Aath Rasta Square.\"Chimote and his colleague were just a few yards away from the bank. Chimote was walking along the kerb with the bag in his right hand when the youths managed to surprise him,\" said Dhantoli police who have registered a case. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11986462", "title": "Mahashivratri celebration on railway station road", "text": "LUDHIANA: Religious festivals have their own importance but pose big hindrance when it comes to managing traffic. This year too, Mahashivratri stalled the vehicles on road and brought the city to a halt. All norms were flouted in the city when it came to the religious celebrations.On Tuesday, Mahashivratri was celebrated at the railway station road with a bang and the scale was so huge that it resulted in long queue of vehicles. There was no traffic police personnel near the site nor any permission for the programme was sought from the MC. Two big events, a langar and a shobha yatra, were also organized on the road. People were seen dancing on the stage spilling over to the roads. All this commotion jammed traffic and made driving extremely inconvenient.The road that is already a bottleneck because of auto rickshaws was completely choked. Even at the entrance of chauda bazaar, vehicles were moving at a snail's pace. To cover a distance of about half kilometer, it took more than 30 minutes for a resident who was riding a four-wheeler. Resident of Model Town, Sandeep Sharma said he is a devotee of lord Shiva but is totally against such celebrations where people are left high and dry. Resident of Sarabha Nagar, Vishal Malhotra said he had to go to a bank to deposit the cash but got stuck in this jam and by the time he reached, the bank was closed.Resident of Daresi, Amandeep Kaur said she thought it will be clear in a few minutes but it took long and she got frustrated when she saw people dancing on the roads.Resident of Jalandhar bypass, Himanshu Bindra said there was no traffic police personnel to manage the vehicles but what was more surprising was the absence of MC enforcement staff.Resident of Field Ganj, Sumati Kanwar said she had to board an AC bus from the bus stand and because of the mismanagement, she got so delayed that she missed the bus, and had to wait for another one hour to board the next bus.President of Shiv Welfare Society, Bittu Gumbar, who had organized this event said he had got the approval letter marked from the zonal commissioner and after the formalities, got the approval letter from Kotwali. \"I know that people had to face a lot of inconvenience due to the jam , from next time we will arrange it in the railway colony,\" said Bittu of Lajpat Nagar.MC commissioner M S Jaggi said he was not aware of any such thing. \"You need to enquire from the zonal commissioner but permission on such roads cannot be given because heavy vehicle rush is already there. Action should be taken against those who organize such events on the roads,\" he said.Zonal commissioner Amarjeet Singh Sekhon said he knew that the celebrations would lead to jam. He said every year it's a same story. \"Ludhiana has maximum religious celebrations but all without approval, which is a serious issue. We will take this problem to the house,\" he said. On being asked why not enforcement team had acted, he said religious sentiments are attached to it, so they all were helpless.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11983915", "title": "Mob goes berserk after boy's death in Aligarh", "text": "LUCKNOW: Twelve policemen, including Aligarh police chief, were injured and two police vehicles torched after an irate mob went on a rampage in Khairagarh area of Aligarh on Tuesday morning. Violence broke following reports that a policeman had taken bribe and let off a truck driver who run over a school boy.Police had a tough time handling the situation as a chunk of the force was sent for chief minister Mayawati's election rally in the district.The incident took place around 9:30am when Vikram, a resident of Bardi Talab, was going to drop his neighbour's son Vikas to his school on a motorcycle. The duo had barely reached the Jajalpur police outpost barrier when a speeding truck hit the motorcycle from the rear and ran over Vikas. Vikram had a narrow escape as he fell on the other side.Locals rushed Vikas to a nearby nursing home from where he was referred to the Medical College. Meanwhile, locals and the police manage to overpower a youth trying to flee from the scene after they identified him as the erring truck driver.It could not be confirmed if he was the actual driver. The police took him to Jalalpur police outpost.About half an hour later, the news of Vikas's death came in. Soon it transpired what the police had let the errant truck driver. Reports said a constable had taken bribe and let off the driver.This triggered widespread resentment among locals who started stone pelting at the Jalalpur police station picket. The mob also torched a police jeep. The violence continued on the bypass for over an hour before senior officials - who were on CM's security duty - came to know about the incident and rushed their juniors to control the situation. The cops present at the site, however, failed to bring the situation under control and the irate mob torched another police vehicle.It was only after senior superintendent of police (SSP) Satyendra Veer Singh reached the site and dispersed the mob with the help of cane-charge. But before the condition could be brought under control, 12 policemen, including the SSP, were left with injuries. Senior officials said an inquiry will be instituted into the allegations and stern action will be initiated against those found guilty.Family members of Vikas, a student of class 10, alleged that police negligence on the bypass has led to several road accidents and no action has been initiated against any of those involved. Police said a station incharge and three others were admitted to the hospital. The number of locals injured in the incident could not be ascertained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11983950", "title": "Now, monitor consumption and plan to save power", "text": "MUMBAI: Consumers in suburban Mumbai will be able to check the amount of power consumed in a month and figure out ways to save on units at their homes, offices or commercial establishments, through their computer.An 'Energy Manager' on the Reliance Infrastructure (RInfra) website promises to help the utility's around 27 lakh power consumers in the city continuously plan their energy savings and thus reduce bills. After logging on to the online account with the consumer ID and password, a consumer can use the energy saving calculator to check present consumption and achieve 100% saving with various combinations of energy efficient appliances. \"By knowing the monthly power saving on the present bill one can easily set the saving target for the next one or two months. The target to reduce energy use can be achieved by adopting better quality gadgets or minimising their daily use. It is more about planning and management,\" said a senior RInfra official. The 'Energy Manager' calculates units consumed by each appliance as declared by manufacturers and as prescribed by the Bureau of Energy Efficiency (BEE).\"Reducing use of gadgets during peak morning and evening hours, like using washing machine or electric irons after 9.30pm, can help avoid buying of costly power and thus cut billing,\" said an energy consultant. \"Maintaining the AC temperature at 24 degrees or increasing it by 2 degrees each can save 8-10% of the total units consumed every month,\" another consultant said, pointing out energy saving that these steps can save up to 30% on monthly billing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11985701", "title": "Health department serves notices to city hospitals, IMA", "text": "INDORE: The health department has issued notices to all major hospitals in the city along with Indian Medical Association (IMA), Indore chapter, and Nursing Home Association to probe into the alleged unethical trials of medical devices. The department has asked the city hospitals and nursing homes to submit details about the number of device trials which were conducted by their doctors.\"Notices have been issued to major city hospitals along with associations of doctors and nursing homes to submit the details of medical device trials done by the associated doctors,\" Dr Sharad Pandit, chief medical and health officer, said. He further stated that this will help know the trials done by the city doctors.Earlier, a three-member committee comprising district health officer Dr R C Mudgal, senior drug inspector Shobhit Kosta and a doctor of health department was constituted to probe into the matter. Recently, notices have been served on major hospitals including CHL Apollo, Rajshree Hospital, Aurbindo Hospital, Gokuldas Hospital, Vishesh Hospital, Bombay Hospital, Greater Kailash Hospital, Bhandari Hospital and Choithram Hospital. A notice has also been served to dean, Mahatma Gandhi Medical College. Sources informed that a few hospitals have started submitting details after they received the notice. They, however, have rebuffed the allegation put up by the health department stating that no device trials have been conducted by them.According to sources, the health department is also planning to issue notice to the suppliers of medical devices to submit details of equipments supplied to the hospitals and nursing homes.Last month, the chief medical and health officer received a complaint about the unethical trials of medical devices conducted by the four doctors at the CHL Apollo Hospital. Notices were recently served on four of them. Subsequently, a committee was formed to probe into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "hassan", "code": "11986211", "title": "Couple drinks poison, in critical state", "text": "HASSAN: A couple attempted to commit suicide by consuming poison at Channarayapatna taluk here on Tuesday.Satish, 23, and Sumithra, 20, attempted suicide after fighting over a trivial family issue. Satish, an auto driver and his wife used to fight every day because he was not his giving earnings to the house.The quarrel reached its peak on Monday when Sumithra consumed poison. She was admitted to the hospital. Seeing his wife's condition, Sathish also consumed poison. Both are in a critical condition and are being treated at the district hospital in Hassan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11983996", "title": "India, Pak extend agreement on reducing risks from nuke mishaps", "text": "NEW DELHI: India and Pakistan on Tuesday extended for another five years the agreement to reduce the risk from accidents related to nuclear weapons. The agreement had entered into force on February 21, 2007 for an initial duration of five years.\"In accordance with Article 8 of the agreement between the Republic of India and the Islamic Republic of Pakistan on reducing the risk from accidents relating to nuclear weapons of 21 February 2007, both countries have agreed to extend the agreement for another period of five years. The existing validity was up to 20 February 2012,\" the foreign ministry said in a statement.The extension is in keeping with the understanding reached during the sixth round of bilateral expert-level talks on nuclear confidence building measures held in Islamabad on December 27, 2011.During the talks, India and Pakistan decided to move forward on proposals to extend two key agreements related to pre-notification of ballistic missile tests and reducing the risk from accidents related to nuclear weapons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11986010", "title": "Three arrested in Bangalore for murder of Tirupur lawyer", "text": "CHENNAI: A police team from Kunathur in Tirupur has picked up three men from Karnataka in connection with the murder of a lawyer.Mohammed Junaid Abdul Jabbar, a criminal wanted by the police in Karnataka and Tamil Nadu, Yeshwant Shankar and R Girish allegedly murdered 59-year-old Appuswamy Gounder. The victim was Junaid's lawyer.\"We had specific leads and helped the Tamil Nadu police team crack the case,\" said a top officer of Bangalore police. Bangalore's Cubbon Park police helped the state police nab the three accused on Monday.Police have accused the arrested men of killing Gounder, who went missing since February 11 after he left Tirupur for Mandya in Karnataka, by strangling him to death.Gounder's family lodged a complaint and the Mandya police and the Tamil Nadu police began a joint investigation. When the accused used the victim's ATM card at a fuel outlet in Bangalore, the Mandya police who were tracking the card alerted their counterparts in Bangalore.Junaid who has many cases of robbery and theft against him in Tamil Nadu and Karnataka. Police said the accused had forced Gounder to drive his car towards Mandya where they killed him and took all his valuables including the car.Mandya police alerted Bangalore police when the accused used Gounder's ATM card at a fuel outlet in Bangalore", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11984700", "title": "MCD puts split process in motion", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Municipal Corporation of Delhi (MCD) has finally begun the mammoth task of dividing its existing infrastructure. And the biggest challenge before the civic agency is to divide its new e-governance project between the three corporations.Recently, the MCD held a meeting with its consultant, Wipro, and developer, Tech Mahindra, to prepare a blueprint for dividing the IT infrastructure between the three corporations and submit it by February end.Sources say that the existing e-governance project runs on 52 servers and it is physically impossible to divide the servers between the three corporations, as each server is performing a dedicated task. And to have 52 servers for each corporation will add a lot of financial burden on the new corporations.\"We have asked Wipro and Tech Mahindra to submit the blueprint by end of February. Dividing the IT services is going to be a challenging task. The tenders and other important citizen-centric services have to be centralized,'' said a senior MCD official.Sources say that a proposal to have an IT director at the centre to coordinate with all the additional IT directors in three corporations is being considered. \"This proposal is being mulled as dividing IT is a big task,'' said an MCD official.Meanwhile, MCD commissioner KS Mehra recently directed all department heads to make three copies of ongoing projects. \"Each corporation will have one copy of the file and a copy will be kept in central record room. The civic agency has also started the process of dividing the manpower and infrastructure,'' said an MCD official.While the Delhi government is finalizing the nitty-gritty of trifurcation, sources say that a proposal to form a lead corporation for a particular task is also being considered.\"There are several drains which will run through different corporations. The work to de-silt will have to be taken up simultaneously by the corporations. There is a proposal to form a lead corporation for each task,'' said an MCD official. For example, for cleaning of drains, one corporation will take the responsibility and coordinate with all the corporations. Similarly, another corporation can look after sanitation, etc. \"But all these proposals are in the initial stages. A decision will be taken soon'' said an MCD official.The e-governance project runs on 52 servers and it is impossible to divide the servers between the three corporations, said MCD officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11985088", "title": "More subsidy on PU self-financed courses", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Bringing some relief to the students who cannot afford the high-ceilinged fee structure of certain professional courses started by Panjab University, university's Board of Finance (BoF) on Tuesday okayed the rise in subsidy on the interest against loan sought by students for self-financed courses.\"The initial amount proposed for subsidy was Rs 16,000. But in the meeting, vice-chancellor R C Sobti recommended that the relief for students must be increased. The matter will be reviewed and a suitable hike will be proposed,\" said Dilip Kumar , BOF member.The members of BOF approved that the VC 'was authorized to finalize the scheme for giving interest subsidy to the students of partially self-financed courses out of merit-cum-means corpus.'\"The subsidy would be for students on need basis. PU will give a relief to the students on the interest over loan taken by them to pay the fee for such self-financed courses,\" said BOF member Dharinder Tayal.In yet another crucial decision, former PU employees would get pension benefits as admissible under the Punjab government rules and notifications. PU employees will also be allowed benefits of revised pay scales, conveyance allowance, secretarial pay, special pay and mobile allowance according to Punjab government notifications.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11984211", "title": "'Mane needed to be under observation'", "text": "PUNE: Assistant commissioner of police (crime) Rajendrasinh Mohite on Tuesday submitted to the court the report of the regional mental hospital, which had recommended that driver Santosh Mane, who went on a rampage, killing nine people, needed to be kept under observation.The report, dated January 27, was tabled in reply to the show-cause notice issued by the court to the police.The court of judicial magistrate first class Umeshchandra More had ordered Mohite to produce the original medical documents of Mane after the court found that Mohite had submitted a report of the Sassoon general hospital dated January 25, while seeking to shift Mane to the mental hospital on January 28.Mohite on Tuesday submitted the report of S J Mahamuni, psychiatrist at the mental hospital, who had examined Mane on January 27. On January 25, Mane had taken a state transport bus from the Swargate stand and driven it for 14 km in the city, killing nine people and injuring 31.Mahamuni had recommended that Mane should be kept under observation. Manamuni's report stated that Mane was conscious, cooperative and communicative. \"Mane had established eye contact. He has no guilt of the incident. He has delusion of persecution and black magic. According to the patient, for 10 days he was disturbed and has been hearing voices. He is saying that people are against him and his family,\" the report stated.According to the report, Mane had said he was not getting good sleep. He told the doctors that he was suffering from psychiatric illness for the last three to four years. He has taken treatment from Dilip Burte of Solapur for one month, about one-and-a-half year ago and then discontinued it on his own. \"Following this disclosure Mane needs to be kept under observation,\" the report stated.The police have also attached the findings of the superintendent of the mental hospital, Vikas Bhailume, which stated that Mane was hearing voices of his parents. Mane had also told him that he felt that his bus was flying in the air due to black magic.The next date of hearing is on February 23.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11984232", "title": "Better computing power for monsoon prediction: WMO chief", "text": "PUNE: Secretary general of the World Meteorological Organisation (WMO), Michel Jarraud, has said that high computing power remains one of the major limitations for meteorologists engaged in monsoon prediction, despite the technological advances achieved so far.\"We are still limited by the power of even the most powerful super computer when it comes to accurate prediction of monsoon,\" he told reporters on the sidelines of a four-day symposium on 'Opportunities and challenges in monsoon prediction in a changing climate (OCHAMP) 2012', which began here on Tuesday.Leading meteorologists from India and abroad are participating in the event, which has been organised by the Indian Institute of Tropical Meteorology (IITM) as part of its year-long golden jubilee celebrations. Shailesh Nayak, secretary to the ministry of earth sciences, was the chief guest.\"India, which is impacted by the monsoon, needs improved computing power, apart from observation and data collection network to achieve better monsoon prediction,\" said Jarraud. \"The need is to have synchronised progress on all fronts, i.e. observation, computing and transfomation of information into usable climate service products,\" he said.\"For India to get useful climate service products, it is not only essential to have the global picture but also to have downscaled forecast models that focus on specific regions of the country. This is where high computing power comes into play. The more the computing power, the better the resolution and therefore better the quality of products you will get,\" Jarraud said.\"Over half of the world's population lives under the influence of monsoon dominated climate. This includes developing countries where agriculture is still the most common form of livelihood. Increased urbanisation and dependency of agriculture on rains contributes to societies that are vulnerable to any variablity in monsoon characteristics such as the onset and the withdrawal of rainfall and pericipitation intensity. Even small variation leads to drastic change,\" he said.\"We now know that the El Nino and La Nina phenomenon in the equatorial pacific ocean are strong drivers of the monsoon in Asia. A better forecast of El Nino/La Nina is the key to better prediction of monsoon and to do that one needs better interpretation of the ocean and the atmospheric interactions through coupled models. In the last 20 years, spectacular progress has been made in the quality of El Nino/La Nina forecasts, months in advance,\" he said.\"While these forecasts may not be 100% accurate, they are a definite enabler for the decision-makers to make decisions,\" he said. \"These forecasts are better than what we call traditional climatology, which is just statistics about the past and the same is collapsing because of climate change,\" he added.Earlier, stressing the need for international cooperation in monsoon prediction, Jarraud said that many specific challenges like the link between climate change and its impact on the monsoon regime, are still to be solved. \"A lot of research is going on but we (WMO) want to transform this research activity into operational products that can be used by decision-makers at all levels, be it the governments, the states, the local municipal bodies and even individual farmers,\" he said.On a global scale, Jarraud said, \"We still do not have enough of an observation network, especially in the economically weaker countries. There are a few scientific questions that need more research to unravel the complex climate system where you have interaction between the atmosphere, ocean, land surface and glaciers. Apart from more powerful computers, we would like to have more young scientists looking at the climate system. For instance, the possible impact of climate change on the intensity of El Nino/La Nina effects.\"Similarly, he said, the least developed countries still do not have climate forecast services that are crucial to making economic projections and decisions. \"In this context, the WMO is working on a global framework for climate services where India is playing a major role,\" he said.Integrating weather observations by different countries remains another challenge that is being addressed through the WMO Integrated Global Observing System, he said.\"There are multiple mechanisms deployed for observations relating to ocean, atmosphere and land apart from the data collected through the geo-stationary and polar orbiting satellites. The WMO has a space programme of which India is a key player along with other developed countries,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11985122", "title": "Kairali Crafts Bazar draws a large young crowd", "text": "KOCHI: Handicrafts and textiles expo, Kairali Crafts Bazar, at Ernakulathappan Grounds draws large crowd. There are about 25 stalls set up at the expo organized by the district office of the State Handicrafts Development Corporation. Terracota jewellery, utensils and handicrafts made of bamboo, etc., are some of the most sought-after exhibits. The exhibition is on till March 5.\"These are some beautiful pieces of art, sold at affordable rates, it's a real bargain,\" said Julianne, an Italian tourist in the city. Other than the usual stalls of semi-precious stone jewellery and Odisha pattern textile materials, there were terracotta necklaces, bangles and new varieties of Ramacham or vetiver products.Kishore Kumar, from Shanti Niketan who sold terracotta jewellery believes that Kochi crowd appreciates true art. In the city for the second time he said he had sold out almost of half of what he had brought to the Mela, just within two days. Finely etched and painted terra cotta bangles, jhumkas are instant hits with the young crowd.Aravindan, who works with the district level Handicrafts Development Corporation, feels that the exhibition provides a great platform for the artisans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11985096", "title": "Pension made part of annual budget", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a landmark decision approved by the Panjab University's Board of Finance (BoF) on Tuesday, the pension of employees is all set to be a part of the university's annual budget. The pension was earlier being extracted from the corpus created specially for this purpose.While Rs 40 crore were being disbursed as pension of all employees, nearly Rs 18 crore were taken out of this corpus. PU budget, as a part of the \"special status\" conferred on it by the union Ministry of Human Resources and Development (MHRD), is approved by the parliament. The entire budget deficit is also met by the Union government as a part of an earlier consensus between PU and the MHRD.BoF has approved Rs 60 lakh for providing facilities of fire hydrants, smoke detection and fire alarms in various buildings of the university.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11984045", "title": "2 Sena women held for thrashing party men", "text": "MUMBAI: Two women Shiv Sena activists, including the wife of an assistant commissioner of police, have been arrested by the Dahisar police on charges of assaulting two male party workers on Tuesday. The women, in turn, filed a complaint of molestation against the men.Accused Vrushali Bagwe had contested the civic polls from ward number 3 for the Sena. Cops said that Bagwe held two party workers, Vinod Kande and Vasant Patil, responsible for her losing the elections. She summoned them to her residence at Anand Nagar, Dahisar (E), on Tuesday. When Kande and Patil arrived at Bagwe's residence, she was accompanied by another Sena worker, Nirmala Chavan.\"Kande and Patil claim the women assaulted them with steel tongs and thrashed them. After fleeing from the spot, the duo went to the Dahisar police station to lodge a complaint,\" a senior official said. Police officials said Kande and Patil have sustained head injuries. They were administered first-aid at a private hospital in Dahisar.Vrushali's husband Vijay Bagwe, ACP (Mahim division), was not present at their residence at the time of the incident.\"\"Vrushali and Chavan have been arrested under section 324 of IPC for assault and will be produced before a metropolitan court on Wednesday. The two women have filed a counter complaint of molestation against Kande and Patil who are yet to be arrested,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11986080", "title": "Teachers urged to not go on leave till exams end", "text": "CHENNAI: Teachers and heads of all government schools in the state and education department officials have been asked not to take leave till the board exams are over. This, school education minister N R Sivapathy said on Tuesday, was to ensure 100% pass in government schools.During a review meeting with district education officers (DEOs) in the run-up to the exams, the minister said, \"A private matriculation school starts in a small way, and soon grows so big that it draws the best students from the area. When the government spends so much on education why can't we do better, or as well as matriculation schools?\" He asked the DEOs to find out how many schools secured 100% pass in the board exams last year and set targets to see that more schools achieve that this year.DEOs had to ensure smooth conduct of the exams and see that nobody resorts to malpractices during the exams, he said, and asked them to conduct regular meetings with school heads to check if the syllabus has been completed and revision is being done. Incentives and awards await best performing officials, the minister said.On the arrangements for the board exams, Sivapathy asked officials to ensure that no child was made to take the exam seated on the ground or elsewhere on campus. They were also told to see that there were enough scribes to assist children with disabilities to take the exam.Pointing out that the government had during the budget session announced that 710 middle schools would be upgraded to high schools and 100 high schools to higher secondary schools, he asked the DEOs to check how many were upgraded. They were also asked to fill teaching and non-teaching vacancies.He said background checks must be run on part-time teachers appointed on consolidated pay drawn from the parent teacher association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "ramgarh", "code": "11986115", "title": "Lokpal to deal with NREGS complaints in Ramgarh district", "text": "RAMGARH: Ramgarh will soon have its own lokpal office for hearing complaints related to job schemes under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Scheme (MGNREGS). Bid to set up a village court in Ramgarh block has also been initiated by the district administration after a formal request came from registrar, civil court, Hazaribag, asking it to provide land as well as a residence for the judge.District lokpal who is posted in Ramgarh said here on Monday that his department is all set to establish an office in Gutua, seven kilometers from the district headquarters as the administration has provided a building for setting up a lokpal office here. \"We will receive complaints of job card holders related to delay in payment, less payment and delay in providing jobs to workers after they made requests to authorities for providing them jobs under job schemes. Mahto said his office also probes into irregularities in the schemes. Mahto said block development officers of the concerned blocks have to settle the complaints in one week, deputy commissioners within a fortnight and his office within 45 days after the complaint is registered.Meanwhile, Ramgarh circle officer has confirmed that he has been asked to provide land to civil court, Hazaribag, for setting up a village court in Ramgarh as a formal request from the registrar of the court.Deputy commissioner Amitabh Kaushal said a serious initiative for establishment of offices of different departments has been taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11984043", "title": "Officials on poll duty away from home can vote via post", "text": "NOIDA: Officials who have been posted in the district to monitor the polling process can still exercise their franchise even after being away from their home constituencies. The district administration has made elaborate arrangements to enable them to vote through postal ballots. Around 10,000 officials from various departments have been deployed in the district at around 1,000 polling booths. The administration has given these officials a form for casting postal ballots and has set up special counters in each of three assembly seats for the purpose.\"We have given the officials form PB-12 for casting ballots through post at the three special counters in Noida, dadri and Jewar,\" said chief development officer, Pawan Kumar.The administration started the second phase of training of around 6,000 poll officials from February 18, which will end on February 22. It is during this phase of training that the officials have been asked to cast postal ballots. \"The officials can cast their ballots over these four days after their training hours,\" said Kumar.The employees are to be trained in different aspects related to the polling process using audio-visual techniques. \"Printed materials containing rules and regulations related to the polling process will also be supplied to these officials,\" added Kumar.During this phase of training, all poll officials would be supplied with special identity cards to be used during the polling process.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11985052", "title": "Wagh says Congress is intimidating BJP workers", "text": "PANAJI: St Andre's BJP candidate Vishnu Wagh, on Tuesday, alleged that his opponents from the ruling Congress, including the family of sitting Congress MLA Francis Silveira, is harassing his supporters due to the BJP's growing clout in the constituency.Wagh alleged that hills in Neura with horticulture crops like cashew and jackfruit, including teak, where BJP supporters are tenants, were set on fire and reduced to ashes by elements attached to the Congress. These tenants eked out their living from the produce of these trees and with the trees gone, their livelihood has been destroyed for the next 50 years.Though the burning of trees over vast areas of the hill is a major and \"frightening\" incident, neither the police nor the fire and emergency services has informed the media about it, indicating that it was orchestrated by the ruling Congress, Wagh said.He said the fires could not be an accident because only those areas of the hills, where the BJP workers are tenants, have been burnt.Another reason behind clearing the hills is because the sitting MLA, in collusion with land-sharks from outside Goa, are intimidating the tenants to leave the hills, so that they can be sold for real estate development, alleged Wagh.Wagh also accused the brothers of the sitting Congress MLA of disrupting a BJP corner meeting and threatening his supporters in \"Dactem Neurem\" about four days ago. He said, though the Agacaim police registered a cognizable offence against the culprits, the police did not act against one of Silveira's brothers, who was present at the time of the incident. Wagh demanded a proper inquiry into the incident and immediate action against the culprits.Assembly elections news 2012Goa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11985621", "title": "Two IIM-Indore students rusticated for taking drugs in hostel", "text": "INDORE: After the chairman of the board of Indian Institute of Management-Indore (IIM-I) on Tuesday directed the director of the institute to take action against the two students who were allegedly caught taking drugs, the duo was rusticated from the institute. The students were caught red-handed while allegedly using the drugs by the institute authorities on the hostel premises.A meeting of the B-school authorities was held here after the incident came to light. Later, talking to the media persons, IIM-I board chairman L N Jhunjhunwala confirmed the names of the students and advised the director of the institute, N Ravichandran, to investigate the matter and find out the source of the drugs. He also recommended a police investigation into the case so that such incidents are not repeated.Meanwhile, the IIM-I director was not available for comments despite repeated calls on his phones.The board chairman has cracked the whip on two of its students identified as Varun Yadav and Shailpa Nepali, who were allegedly caught red-handed consuming some toxic substance in the institute premises. The details of the drug is yet to be known. Police said investigations into the incident could reveal the links of the drug suppliers and the students of the institute.Both the students accused of using drugs can face expulsion if recommendations of disciplinary committee are accepted by the director. The board meeting and its suggestion has left many in shocked in the institute.According to the information, Yadav is a student of post-graduate programme and Nepali was recently admitted in the newly started Integrated Programme in Management. Both were found taking drugs at the IPM hostel when somebody gave a tip-off to the authorities.Nepali is reportedly a drug addict and allegedly brought them in his bag to the campus, sources said. It is then one of the seniors came to know about availability of drugs in the campus and they became friends.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11983263", "title": "BJP dubs Congress 'serial offenders' for violating mode code of conduct", "text": "NEW DELHI: Opposition BJP on Tuesday dubbed Congress as a party of \"serial offenders\" with several of its leaders defying the model code of conduct and going against the Election Commission (EC) and insisted that poll laws are legally binding on all parties and candidates.Leader of the Opposition in Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley said wherever law is silent on an issue, the EC will prevail during polls under Article 324 of the Constitution. \"Free and fair elections are a part of the basic structure of the Constitution. In the space occupied by law, the law will prevail. For the rest, executive jurisdiction of the EC will prevail,\" Jaitley said, adding that model code of the EC falls in the latter category.\"Article 324 of the Constitution is the reservoir of all residuary jurisdiction,\" the BJP leader pointed out. BJP would not allow the weakening of the EC and oppose any dilution of its powers through any legislation.He insisted that to say that the model code is not binding is wrong, and alleged that Congress has breached it several times.\"Congress leaders, both big and small, have violated the model code. It has become a party of serial offenders of the model code. Its leaders have absolutely no concern for it and see it with contempt,\" Jaitley said.Union ministers Salman Kurshid and Beni Prasad Verma have drawn EC's ire after they promised 4.5% sub-quota to the minorities. Now an FIR has been lodged against Rahul Gandhi for taking out a procession covering more km and time than permitted by the EC.Jaitley said, any move to give the model code a statutory backing would mean that any violation of the code would be tried in a court of law, which \"may take up to 10 years\" to take a decision.The BJP leader alleged that this was a conspiracy to make EC, which is performing an \"exemplary role\", a \"toothless body\".\"The conventions and precedents are framed after long experience of democracy... Congress has decided to puncture the model code,\" Jaitley alleged. The party insisted that the courts cannot be given powers that should be vested with the EC during polls.Assembly elections 2012 news", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11985704", "title": "Old NMC office bearers still in charge, but without most powers", "text": "NAGPUR: As the formation of the new body of Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) will take a few more days, office bearers like mayor Archana Dehankar, deputy mayor Shekhar Sawarbandhe, chairman of standing committee Sandip Joshi and others will remain on their posts but without any real powers.\"Code of conduct came to an end on January 18, after the declaration of results on February 17. Now, office bearers may avail all facilities they used to get earlier. But they may not take a policy decision or deal with financial matters. They cannot sign on any official documents related to their posts. But they may use official vehicles and other facilities,\" said an official.Dehankar is allowed to use her red-beacon official vehicle and other office bearers their official cars, but no one has availed the facility as it is just a matter of few days before the new body is formed. The officials can also come and sit in their respective offices, but none of them has turned up at NMC till date.An official said municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal was to give the revised budget for current fiscal and new budget for next fiscal on or before February 5. \"Due to code of conduct the same could not happen. Even though the code of conduct has ended, the budgets cannot be presented. Jaiswal has to present the budget to the standing committee. Later, the committee presents the revised budget and the budget for next fiscal. As the chairman has no such powers now, the budget cannot be presented before formation of the new committee,\" said the official.The election of the new mayor and deputy mayor is expected on or before March 5. The election of mayor means the formation of the new body. So, the outgoing 136 corporators will continue to get remuneration and other facilities from the NMC till March 4.At the time of election of mayor and deputy mayor, the party forming the new body may also elect the members of the standing committee, who will further elect the chairman without any delay. The party may also appoint five co-opted corporators. As per their numbers, BJP-Sena will get three and Congress-NCP two of the total five co-opted posts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "hisar", "code": "11984342", "title": "Rusticated school student fires at guard in Hisar, escapes", "text": "HISAR: A rusticated student of class XI in Vishvas Senior Secondary School here on Tuesday allegedly shot at and injured a school guard at the main gate and escaped.The bullet pierced through the left arm of Subhash who bled profusely even as he ran to the office of the principal, who sent him to hospital, police said.Principal Sushila Devi said Ajay Tripathi had allegedly misbehaved with teachers several times and \"we called his father Tej Prakash Tripathi, a havaldar in the Army and requested him to rein in his son.\"The father even asked the school authorities to hand him over to the police if took the law into his hands. We thought it better to oust him from the school and rusticated him on January 30,\" she said.Subhash said, \"I was on the gate and he suddenly came and fired at me without saying anything and then went into the school.\" The school students hid themselves when they saw a pistol in his hand.Later he jumped out of the school premises. The police registered a case and questioned his father.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11983957", "title": "Students bid adieu to exam stress", "text": "LUCKNOW: The board examinees no longer believe in the notion of being bookworms. With less than 10 days left for the examinations to begin, the Gen X is in a relaxed mode. These students have carved out a balance between recreation and studies to excel in examinations.Shruti Agarwal, a class X student of Loreto Convent, says, \"I don't see a point in studying for long hours. I usually spend a lot of time talking to friends over phone. When I am bored with that, I play with my dog.'' She says intermediate is is tougher than class X and adds, \"So, why take extra pressure now.''Her view is shared by Nayanika Dixit, a class X student of St Agnes Loreto Day School. \"I can't study for long hours. I need gaps in between to concentrate better. Hence, I play with my pet and then pick a book, and I think it helps me lot in feeling at ease,'' says Nayanika.Spending time with nature and playing with pets is latest mantra for board students to beat examination stress. \"Nature has always been my best friend. When I feel stressed out, I go out in my garden and spend time there. At times, I walk around listening to music,'' says Ishita Verma.Even parents are catching up with the trend. Ajit Das, father of Rohina Das, a class X student at Study Hall, says: \"There is a change in ways we studied and that of today's students. The concept of weekly tests has helped children grasp more and retain it timely. They are not crammed up. I feel proper breaks in between is important for better performance.''Ajit encourages his daughter to go out for movies. About Rohini's performance in school, he says: \"She has scored grade A in all subjects and I am too satisfied. I don't want her to secure A+ all the time.''Anjali Gulati, mother of Arjun, a class X student of La Martiniere Boys School, says: \"He doesn't listen to us at all. I know that he is serious about his studies but when I tell him to open books, he reacts saying that he knows what he has to do. Even when he studies, he needs breaks to meet friends, eat frankies, etc.'' Anjali adds that such activities were not allowed when she was a student.To combat stress, career counsellor Amrita Das suggests that students should prepare sincerely, revise thoroughly and relax sufficiently. Mind breaks such as going out for a stroll, playing with pets, reading a book, between periods of study help in reducing stress and optimising the performance,'' says Dass.She adds that children are looking up to pets as they are known to calm a child who is under high level stress. \"Spending time with a pet helps beating stress,'' says Dass.Experts suggest students should also take sound sleep and healthy diet for a better performance in the board examinations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11984969", "title": "Foreigner's body found between Pernem, Tivim railway stations", "text": "PANAJI: A male foreigner's body, suspected to be in his forties, was found at about 7.15 pm near the railway tracks in between Pernem and Tivim railway stations on Tuesday. The engine driver of the Konkan Kanya express from Goa to Mumbai saw the body and informed the Tivim railway station authorities. It is suspected that the victim might have fallen from the Mangala Express, which was proceeding from Delhi to Kerala, and had stopped at Tivim railway station at a signal. \"However, we have to ascertain this,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11984492", "title": "India was better off under British rule: Mohan Bhagwat", "text": "NASHIK: Expressing concern over the dominance of 'rich and powerful people' in politics, besides the soaring inflation rate, Rashtriya Swayamsewak Sangh (RSS) chief Mohan Bhagwat said that India's situation was better during the British rule.\"After Independence, the dominance of rich and powerful people in politics and rising inflation have worsened the country's situation, which is worse than what it was during the British rule,\" Bhagwat said.Speaking at a function organized by Bhonsala Military School (BMS) to celebrate its platinum jubilee year in Nashik on Monday, Bhagwat said, \"All political parties were in power some or the other time during the last 64 years since Independence, but the situation has not improved. Hence, citizens must introspect over what went wrong.\"Stating the importance of imparting education through the mother tongue, he said, \"Today, there is an insistence on education in a foreign language (English), instead of education in the mother tongue. As a result, the importance of the foreign language has increased to a large extent in the country.\"Bhagwat laid stress on the need for imparting military education to students, citing rising threat to the nation.He said, \"Even 64 years after Independence, India is being threatened by China and Pakistan. With rising concerns over internal security, we should give top priority to military education to students to make India strong.\"Bhonsala Military School was founded in 1937 by leader Dr B S Moonje, who also played a role in mentoring RSS founder K B Hedgewar.\"The school was founded by Moonje to protect the nation and has so far served as a feeder institute to fulfill the backlog of military officials,\" Bhagwat said. Senior RSS functionary Prakash Pathak said that the BMS was going to start a similar facility exclusively for girls in Nashik city.The BMS, run by the central Hindu military education society (CHMES), is also mulling setting up a flying club and a pilot training institute, besides a centre for service preparation and aeronautic engineering education. \"We have received a lot of proposals from states like Madhya Pradesh, Gujarat and Uttarakhand for setting up military schools there and will soon take a call on this issue,\" Pathak said.BMS students, also called 'ramdandees', earlier gave a salute to Dr Moonje. Bhagwat also released a book, 'Smaran Samaranche', written by Nashikite Girish Takale.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11984663", "title": "Missing businessman's body found near south Delhi park", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 45-year-old businessman who had gone missing on Sunday was found dead near a park in south Delhi on Tuesday afternoon. The body of the deceased, Vijender Singh, was found near a DDA park in Maidan Garhi, police said. Singh is a resident of Lado Sarai.\"We received a call from a passerby around 2pm and rushed to the spot. We have sent the body for postmortem. A case of murder has been registered,\" said a senior police officer.Singh was last seen at his photo studio on Sunday, sources said after which he went missing. He is survived by his wife, two daughters and parents.Cops said prime facie it appeared that the man was murdered, but they refused to comment on the cause of death as they were awaiting the postmortem report. Sources said that it appeared that the body had been dumped in the area after the murder. However, cops maintained that all angles were being probed including robbery and kidnapping.Cops said they were talking to the family members of the deceased to ascertain if he had any personal or business enmity with anyone or if he had recently received any threats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11986076", "title": "Actress held for running brothel", "text": "CHENNAI: Anti-Vice Squad (AVS) sleuths on Tuesday arrested a 46-year-old supporting actress and two others for running brothels in the city. In Guindy, AVS teams arrested Shobana,the actress, who was soliciting customers near Race Course Road. After a decoy sent by police confirmed that she was indulging in the racket, she was arrested.During questioning, she told police she had roped in two sisters, working in the film industry as supporting actors, into the trade. The two were rescued. In Choolaimedu, police arrested pimps Jayaraj Moses and Shanthi for running a brothel and rescued four girls from the house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11986131", "title": "\u2018Degeneration of Ganga will destroy rare aquatic creatures\u2019", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Ganga Pradarshini is a confluence of dedication, innovation and resolution. It plays a significant role in shaking people's conscience and their duties to save rivers of India. It is like a laboratory for practical knowledge about the Ganga, its origin, significance, problems and solution, conservation of nature and natural resources by presented models, said former state Minister of Human Resources and Development Sanjay Paswan in closing ceremony of Ganga Pradarshani.He further said: \"I have never seen such type of programme which is so wide and old. Presented models of `Ganga Avataran' in the exhibition well emphasis the value of Ganga in our life\". Dr C K Dwivedi, Professor Applied Physic, said that the death of rivers like Ganga is not impacting human life alone, numerous species of life forms are in danger. Ganga's degeneration will wipe out several species of aquatic and terrestrial creatures. Disposal of sewage waste waters is a problem of increasing importance throughout the world.Faster industrialization and urbanization in India has resulted in production of a large volume of gaseous, industrial and municipal wastes. Prof. Girish Chandra Tripathi, President AUTA, Allahabad University appreciated the effort of the organizer, Prof D N Shukla and said that the exhibition has gained due success in its mission, because of the fact that it has effectively conveyed message of environmental protection among the general public to a just amalgamation of science and philosophy.The exhibition is the source of inspiration to local people, children, scientists, poets, saints, NGOs government bodies etc to realize their duty about nature and natural resources. The exhibition spreads not only stark reality of Ganga pollution but also it motivate that how we can save our Ganga from its ruthless exploitation.At the beginning, the organizer of the Exhibition Prof D N Shukla, welcomed the guest and explained the aims of exhibition and activities held during mela period. At last, an environmental rally `Parayan Bachao Rally' has marched through out Mela premises with quotation 'Ganga Ko Aviral Bahare Do ; Ganga me pap dhoye na ki gandagi, ganga darshan hi Ganga snan hai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11986391", "title": "Highways blocked to protest Sikni colliery closure", "text": "RANCHI: Hundreds of commercial and private vehicles remained stranded on NH-75 (Jharkhand-Madhya Pradesh) and NH-99 (Jharkhand-Bihar) for over three hours following a blockade put up by employees of the closed Sikni Colliery at Chandwa in Latehar district.The colliery was closed last year as it failed to get forest and environment clearance from the state government. The blockade was put up by family members of the colliery employees owned by the Jharkhand State Mineral Development Corporation (JSMDC) and companies that were engaged in transportation of coal.Demonstrators were demanding immediate opening of the closed mine in the interest of the families affected owing to its closure.Over 40,000 families have been affected both directly and indirectly following closure of the colliery. These families include employees of the coal mine and transporters.Police sources said the blockade was put up around 7am by more than 5,000 people, including women and children at Indira Chowk in Chandwa, the junction of NH-75 and NH-99. \"Roughly 500 vehicles, including long-distance buses, trucks and cars were stranded for almost three hours,\" said a police officer.Latehar SP Kranti Kumar said the demonstrators were convinced to lift the blockade. \"We managed to convince them and it was lifted around 10 am,\" said Kumar.Deputy commissioner Rahul Purwar said the demonstrators have been informed that the state government is seriously working on re-opening of the colliery at the earliest which was closed last year.\"There are some issues related to forest and environment clearance and the government is working to resolve the issue at the earliest. We expect the colliery will become operational within a month,\" said Purwar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11985005", "title": "Vasant Kunj mall theft: CCTV footage helps nab staffer", "text": "NEW DELHI: The burglary, which took place in a restaurant in Ambience Mall, Vasant Kunj on February 19 has been cracked. A 22-year-old woman, employed at the restaurant, has been held for stealing over Rs 1 lakh from the safe, police said.On February 19, cops received a complaint from one Naved Usmani, the operation Manager at the restaurant, regarding a theft of Rs 1 lakh from restaurant chest. According to the complaint, restaurant collection of three days had not been deposited in the bank due to the holidays. On February 19, the manager found the cash missing and informed cops.\"A team, under SHO Vasant Kunj (north), was formed and CCTV footage from the restaurant and nearby outlets was gathered and examined. We found a staff had walked into the restaurant around 5.30am, even though her shift was from 9am,\" said a senior cop.The accused, Shanti Yadav, accepted her involvement in the crime, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11974423", "title": "Muzammil in Dutta's Border 2", "text": "The actor has been waiting for over a year for the film to beginHe was referred to as one of the most promising newcomers. However, with his debut film, Dhokha failing to generate a good response, Muzammil Ibrahim went unnoticed. In fact, the model turned actor vanished from the silver screen only to resurface with the upcoming Will You Marry Me. And now, Mumbai Mirror has learnt, that the actor has been roped in by JP Dutta for one of the lead roles in Border 2.When contacted, Muzammil agreed meeting JP Dutta. \"He liked me and showed interest in working with me in the future,\" said the actor. However, when asked about Border 2, he simply refused to comment and disconnected our call.However, Mumbai Mirror has spotted Muzammil stepping out of Dutta's Juhu office often. With everything else finalised, he is apparently waiting for the film to take off.A source close to the actor told Mumbai Mirror, \"With Will You Marry Me ready for release, Muzammil now has one more film in his kitty. He will be seen playing an intense character in JP Dutta's next project Border 2. The film set during the Indo-China war, revolves around a young soldier played by Muzammil.\"However, Muzammil, who is excited about his role in the film has been waiting for a year for the project to take off. \"He has been told that Dutta is still working on the defence permissions to come through,\" added the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11984760", "title": "Kingfisher may resume all Kolkata flights from Sunday", "text": "KOLKATA: After grounding all its flights for three days, Kingfisher Airlines scrambled back to the city with an ATR flight on Tuesday afternoon. Though the flight (24 passengers flew to Dhaka and 25 returned) was no more than a blip in the airport's radar where nearly 180 flights operate daily, it came as a breather for the staff who feared the airline might shut its base in Kolkata.On Wednesday, the airline will operate on the other ATR sectors - Bhubaneswar and Aizwal - along with Dhaka. Though airline officials remained tightlipped, sources said the ATR flights would be back in operation full time from Wednesday. There are even hints of the airline advancing the re-introduction of Airbus flights to Delhi, Mumbai and Bangkok . While the airline had earlier said that its flights would be re-introduced from February 29, sources said the flights could be restarted from February 26 subject to availability of aircraft.While the airline had no option but to restart ATR operations after DGCA chief E K Bharat Bhushan summoned Kingfisher Airlines CEO Sanjay Aggarwal and other top officials to explain how they planned to get the crisis-ridden carrier back on track, the decision to restart Airbus operations ahead of schedule was also forced when Air India decided not to accept endorsements by Kingfisher Airlines. With the carrier now required to reimburse the passengers in cash, the airline top brass realized it needed to get the planes off the ground to stop bleeding.Till Tuesday evening, the national carrier was the only one that was accepting passengers booked on Kingfisher flights after furnishing endorsement documents. But with Kingfisher suspended by the clearing house of Geneva-based International Air Transport Association that adjusts payments between airlines for carrying each other's passengers and the airline not issuing any firm commitment on repayment, AI decided to play safe rather than be sorry.\"We are not accepting any document from Kingfisher as far as passenger endorsement is concerned,\" the statement read. Sources said the decision had been taken following Kingfisher's reluctance to commit on repayment to AI for bailing out the passengers in distress. \"AI is not ready to take a financial risk. Passengers can get their refund from Kingfisher and buy tickets directly from AI,\" the official said.Kingfisher Airlines is already reeling from cash flow problems following the freezing of its bank accounts by the IT department. \"Freezing of the accounts has severely affected our ability to make operational payments leading to the present curtailment. We are in dialogue with tax authorities to agree a payment plan and get the bank accounts unfrozen at the earliest. We are appealing to them to see reason that inconvenience to the travelling public is not in anybody's interests. Employee salaries can be paid and grounded aircraft recovered quicker once the bank accounts are unfrozen and the schedule restored on priority,\" a senior Kingfisher official said.The DGCA chief, on Tuesday, asked the Kingfisher CEO to file a realistic schedule within 24 hours. \"The airlines will have to file a new schedule instead of a truncated one in the next 24 hours,\" DGCA chief EK Bharat Bhushan said after grilling Aggarwal on the spate of flight cancellations that had left passengers stranded all over the country.At present, only 28 of the 64 aircraft in its fleet are in operation. With this, the airline can do around 175 flights daily, down from 400 flights for which the airline had sought permission during the current winter schedule (November to March).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11983237", "title": "Close history-sheets against Old City youth, says MIM", "text": "HYDERABAD: MIM members stormed the Speaker's podium in the Assembly on Tuesday demanding a statement from the government on police harassment of Old City youth. The members accused police of deliberately opening rowdy-sheets against 'vigilant and pro-active' youth.In the wake of the suicide by a youth in Old City on Monday, following alleged police harassment, MIM demanded closure of all history-sheets against them. The Speaker later directed the government to submit to the House a detailed status report by Friday on the number of history-sheets opened in Old City.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11986178", "title": "Fake pistol theory blows case wide open for investigators", "text": "CHENNAI: Did the men who pulled off Monday's bank heist at Keelkattalai use fake guns to scare staff and customers? Investigators say the robber who opened fire at the bank could have used a replica pistol, because no bullet was recovered from the spot and it caused minimal damage .Police officers suspect that the same gang was responsible for the January 23 bank robbery at the Perungudi branch of the Bank Of Baroda , from which they looted Rs 19 lakh. Investigators probing that case said the robbers could have used fake firearms in that incident too.With high quality replica firearms and air pistols easily available in the city, no one will know for certain unless the the culprits are caught. Some fake pistols sold in toy shops are such good copies that even an expert would not be able to differentiate one from real firearm unless he holds it in his hand, an investigator said. Unlike regular handguns, fake weapons leave no evidence, making it harder for police to collect clues.In the robbery on Monday, five men walked into the Keelkattalai branch of the Indian Overseas Bank and looted Rs 14 lakh at gunpoint. \"At least one of the robbers used a toy gun or an air pistol. The dome of a light bulb that he fired at did not shatter but was only damaged,\" an investigating officer said. If people in the bank had realised that it was a toy gun, he said, they could have overpowered the criminals.\"It is easy to differentiate between an air pistol and a handgun,\" said S Ramesh Balaji, proprietor of Sambandham and Sons, arms and ammunition dealers for over 50 years. \"An air pistol usually has a longer barrel, around 7.5 inches, while a real handgun is much more compact. Air guns made in India have a particular shape and can easily be identified. But there is little awareness about firearms.\"A member of Madras Rifle Club says single-shot air pistols also sound very different from handguns. \"The sound it makes is like a clap while the sound from a real pistol is loud,\" he said.As one does not need a licence to possess an air pistol, anyone above 12 can purchase one. \"It is exempted from the Arms Act. It does not cause much harm unless it hits a vulnerable part of the body,\" the rifle club member said. \"It is mostly used for target practice. Children and sportspersons usually buy air pistols .\"But all replicas are not as distinct from real handguns as air pistols. \"There are guns that use carbon dioxide and gas to push out the projectile. They sound like a real weapon and look very similar too. Even an expert will find it hard to differentiate them from real pistols,\" Ramesh said.There are also guns that only fire blanks and are mostly used in sports. \"They are called starter pistols. They sound like real pistols, but do not carry any projectile,\" Ramesh said. \"They are not available in Chennai, but are available over the counter in Bangalore and Mumbai. At one glance, they look like real pistols.\"But is it easy to procure a real gun in Tamil Nadu? \"It is not so easy. It takes at least six months to get a licence and police verification is required. If the bank robbers used real pistols, they could be from the north where guns can be purchased easily,\" Ramesh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11985089", "title": "Biju's feat lauded as 'giant surprise'", "text": "NEW DELHI: The international scientific community has termed the discovery made by DU professor S D Biju and his team a rare achievement and another giant surprise from India. Darrel Frost, curator-in-charge, department of herpetology, American Museum of Natural History, New York , said it was not just luck but a result of determination, scientific acumen, muscle and sweat. Don Church, president and director of Wildlands Conservation, Global Wildlife Conservation, US, called the discovery fascinating.Heralding it as the \"discovery of the year\", Frost said, \"This is another giant surprise from India, much like Nasikabatrachus of a few years ago, also named by Biju and Bossuyt. We currently have a very poor understanding of how the diversity of vertebrates came to be in the Asian tropics and the lack of information on Indian amphibians has been a serious impediment for much of the last 50 years. But, Biju and his colleagues have really turned things around and the world's scientific community now looks forward to seeing not only more very competent scientific work from this group, but lots of surprises as our understanding of this critically important area grows.\"Stressing the urgent need for increased biological exploration in places that were not previously thought to hold clues to the history of life on our planet, Church said, \"I was surprised and fascinated to learn that yet another entirely new family of amphibians that crawled the earth alongside dinosaurs has only just now been discovered by scientists in the 21st century, and in an emerging superpower no less. These explorations are needed if we are to stand a chance of saving ancient lineages, such as the one discovered by this team, while there is still time.\"\"Amphibians can be keystone species in ecological food webs that are a basis for healthy ecosystems. When a keystone species is removed, food webs unravel and the long-term health of ecosystems and the people that depend on them becomes uncertain. Consequently, we need to do all we can to prevent further extinctions of caecilians, frogs, and salamanders,\" added Church.On the impact of the discovery, Frost said, \"This discovery makes rich predictions about other similar patterns to be looked for. The big problem, of course, is that the biodiversity of India is being lost at a tremendous rate and the professional study of it is still in its infancy. Nearly 30% of the 327 species of amphibian documented to occur in India (of which 264 species were named from localities in India) have been named in the last 10 years.\"Darrel Frost of the American Museum of Natural History, New York, said it was not just luck but a result of determination, scientific acumen, muscle and sweat", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11985628", "title": "Little talk, no action at tiger cell meet", "text": "NAGPUR: The 12th regional tiger cell meeting held in the city after a gap of nine months on Tuesday turned out to be another ritual and ended without taking any significant decision. Looking at the spurt in wildlife crime in the region, it was expected that the meeting would take some concrete steps.Sources said most of the time was spent on reading the minutes of the last meeting by member-secretary and deputy conservator of forests P K Mahajan. Thereafter, the meeting ended in five minutes. Mahajan was not available for comments.The members did not discuss strategy to tackle issues like illegal fishing in Pench, poaching, pending wildlife crime cases, protection etc. The special IGP, who is the chairman of the cell, assured all help to the forest department. This assurance had been given by earlier officers too. \"The meeting was mere a formality,\" said forest officials who attended. The NGOs too were not happy. \"It is really pathetic,\" they said.The regional tiger cell comprises Bhandara, Gondia, Gadchiroli, Wardha, Nagpur and Chandrapur districts. The superintendents of police (SPs) of these district are members but not one attended. This was true for forest officials too. Even the MSEDCL officials, who can play key role in tackling poaching through electrocution, were missing.Barring field directors of Pench and Tadoba-Andhari Tiger Reserve (TATR) and chief conservator of forests (CCF) of vulnerable Chandrapur Circle, no senior officer was present. Divisional forest officer (DFO) for vigilance explained how the anti-poaching squad was active and booked several persons for selling parakeets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11983419", "title": "KF cancels 6 city flights", "text": "HYDERABAD: Of the total 34 domestic flights cancelled by Kingfisher on Tuesday, six were from Hyderabad (three arrivals and three departures). The last minute cancellations inconvenienced several passengers with many being forced to book themselves onto other airline operators.Apart from those grounded, many Kingfisher flights scheduled to fly to destinations both within and outside Andhra Pradesh were even delayed by several hours on Tuesday. Flights to Delhi, Mumbai, Bangalore, Goa and even Rajahmundry from Hyderabad were hit.Passengers shared how this chaos has been persistent at the Hyderabad airport for the last few days, with the airline authorities citing \"technical glitches\" as the reason for suspending operations at the last minute.But cancellations and delays apart, what also seems to be irking passengers is Kingfisher's move to cancel all direct operations from Hyderabad. A quick scan of its schedule over the next few weeks reveals that the private operator, which at one point had over a dozen aircrafts flying to major cities in India everyday, no longer has a direct flight to any domestic terminal from Hyderabad. Even for cities such as Bangalore (usually a one hour flight) the carrier now has only hopping services via Chennai or Pune (at least four-hour long). And this is available for nothing less than Rs 8,000 - double the usual fare. \"This is because the number of aircrafts that Kingfisher now operates from Hyderabad has dropped drastically over the last one year,\" explained a airport source adding, \"While until sometime ago the carrier had 30 departures and 30 arrivals to and from the city, it dropped to just about 14 each (arrivals and departures) a month ago. That has been further reduced to 7 each now. Of them, at least three are cancelled regularly.\"Predictably, the rush on other private operators has shot with sources claiming that every carrier, barring Kingfisher, has been reporting 100 per cent occupancy of late. City travel agents corroborate this claim and say how passengers are steering clear of the Vijay Mallya-promoted airline now. \"We have stopped booking our clients on to Kingfisher flights,\" said P Madhusudan of Lakshya Air Travels.Meanwhile, a release issued by Prakash Mirpuri, vice-president Kingfisher Airlines Limited said, \"About 15 per cent of our flights operating consistently for the past three months have been cancelled and we have done and are doing our best to inform guests in advance of cancellations and clubbing and to re-book them on other carriers.\" He added, \"The prime reason for the current disruption in our flight schedules is the sudden attachment of our bank accounts by the IT department.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11983811", "title": "Medical centres will have to register with Maharashtra govt", "text": "MUMBAI: Establishments providing medical treatment or facilities will now have to register with the Maharashtra government. They include hospitals, maternity and nursing homes, dispensaries, clinics, sanatoriums, radiology and pathology laboratories, and allopathy, naturopathy and ayurveda massage centres. The health department plans to introduce a bill-Clinical Establishment (registration and regulation) Act--that makes their registration mandatory.The bill will be tabled in the legislature session that commences on March 15 here. The Act had been passed by the Union government in 2010 and state governments will have to adopt it, with changes, if required.\"There is no data of how many hospitals, clinics, pathological laboratories and other diagnostics centres operate in the state. Making registration mandatory for all medical establishments will help the administration compile data on health-care service-providers. It will also ensure a check on the quality of medical facilities,\" public health minister Suresh Shetty told TOI.\"Modalities of the draft were discussed last week at a meeting of health and law &amp; judiciary department officials at the Mantralaya. The draft will be tabled before the assembly and council in the budget session,\" Shetty added.The health department plans monetary punishment for effective implementation, it is learnt. \"For the first offence, the penalty may be up to Rs10,000; for the second, Rs50,000, but for subsequent offences, it may be even Rs5 lakh,\" said a senior health department official. But while penalizing the offender, the authorities must take into account the size, type and condition of the clinical establishment, the official added.Some medicos are against the new rules. \"It will unleash a 'licence raj'. Small-time private doctors and clinics will be most affected,\" said a private practitioner.According to the draft, a committee headed by a district collector and assisted by a district health officer, can issue registration certificates, which will be non-transferable. \"In the event of change of ownership, one has to apply for a fresh certificate,\" the official said.The official said those applying for registration will have to fulfill conditions such as minimum requirement of staff and facilities available to stabilize the medical condition of a patient in case of an emergency, which has been laid out in the draft. \"Once the application is received, a provisional registration will be issued. Later, the authorities will visit the establishment and verify if it complies with norms mentioned in the draft, before issuing the permanent registration. The certificate has to be affixed so that it is visible to citizens visiting the establishment,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11986206", "title": "Community classes get children to learn native language", "text": "Since last month, Surajit Pal, a professor at the Indian Statistical Institute in Chennai, has been spending one day every month teaching Bengali to children from his community. Pal's daughter, who is in class 8, is one of the students.\"We are trying to introduce our children to Bengali culture and literature,\" says Pal. His wife and her friends are among the volunteer-teachers . The free classes began two months ago in the Bengali Association in T Nagar.February 21 was celebrated as 'International Mother Language Day' across the city, and several organisations are trying to popularise regional languages among youngsters of their communities.\"We hope more students will join the classes. Most Bengali children in Chennai cannot read or write the language. That's a pity because Bengali is so rich,\" says Anjan Prasad Chakraborty, president of the Bengal Association.The Kerala government has made a concerted effort to encourage Malayalis outside Kerala to learn their mother tongue by starting the Malayalam Mission. \"We have learning centres in various cities where volunteerteachers , mostly housewives, teach the language,\" says M Nanda Govind, president of the Malayalam Mission in Tamil Nadu.With 150 centres and 2,650 students in Chennai, the Malayalam Mission will soon extend to Coimbatore , Madurai, Tirupur, and the Nilgiris. \"We are overwhelmed by the response and that is why we are expanding,\" says Govind.Other regional associations are also trying to popularise their languages, albeit with a little less success. The Punjab Association has an arrangement with the University of Madras for students to learn Punjabi. \"But there aren't many takers. It could be because Punjabi families in Chennai feel that knowing Hindi is enough,\" says Ramesh Lamba, general secretary of the Punjab Association of Chennai.The Coorgi community may not have set up formal classes, But the community members try and get their children to imbibe the culture by speaking the language at home, says Smitha Kuttaya, who has been living in Chennai for the past 11 years. \"We do not have a script, but we get our children to speak the language,\" she says.The community that seems most worried about the younger generation's lack of interest in the culture is the Sindhis. \"Hardly any of the children want to learn to speak or write the language. They think speaking Hindi is more than enough. We don't know how to tackle this,\" says Prakash Vaswani, member of the Sindhi Hindu Mandal Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11984520", "title": "Sanitation, parking among issues discussed in meeting", "text": "GURGAON: A few crucial decisions regarding sanitation and parking were among the decisions taken during the meeting held by %financial commissioner Ram Niwas on Tuesday.Mayor Vimal Yadav highlighted the pathetic condition of sanitation in the MCG areas and informed Niwas that even after the councillors collectively passed a House resolution for blacklisting and terminating the services of the sanitation contractor, Balaji Security, the MCG officials have failed to implement it.\"The financial commissioner has said he will look into all the complaints against the sanitation contractor and the resolution we have passed. He also asked the MCG officials not to release any payment to the contractor till the time a final conclusion in the matter is made,\" said the mayor.The issue of multi-level parking again cropped up in the meeting and Niwas %directed the chief engineer to study such %facilities at the Delhi high court and at the Delhi airport and replicate them in %Gurgaon.He also directed the officials to speed up the process of transferring HUDA sectors to the MCG and acquire the land in Silokhera at the earliest so that the corporation office could be built there.\"The financial commissioner also asked chief engineer B S Singroha to discuss with the Public Health department officials about the procedures and other formalities involved in taking over the task of water supply to the residents.The corporation was supposed to take over the responsibility at least two years ago but has failed to do so citing unconvincing reasons. All this while, the Public Health officials have said they cannot supply water to the residents since they don't have requisite manpower and funds.At least now, after the financial commissioner has stepped in and directed the chief engineer to take over the responsibility, we hope it will finally be done,\" said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11983976", "title": "Building dream villages", "text": "BANGALORE: They helped build bridges and roads, and get streetlights in their villages. They will share their ideas of change with their Bangalore counterparts. Children, who are members of Gram Panchayat Sabhas in Kundapur, Udupi, have changed perceptions and solved issues pertaining to their villages. They are decision-makers, and quite brilliant at it. A few of them will be here to share what school children, marginalized communities and migrant sections can do to be part of the development process of their city.A Children Ward Committee will be formed for the first time in Bangalore in Vijnana Nagar ward (Ward number 81) to learn how they can become key players in changing the way things are. Piloted by the Concerned for Working Children (CWC), an NGO coordinating the Makkala Panchayats in Udupi, Thursday's event will aim to bring together children from the city's schools and those from marginalized groups. They will look at Bangalore's woes with fresh little eyes, and give solutions.Ganapathi M M, assistant director of CWC, Karnataka, told TOI, \"The first step is to create awareness about this platform, where they can be part of the development of their wards or neighbourhoods. If they know the burning issues in their ward, good, otherwise, we will help them understand how these issues need to be solved. We are coordinating with area corporator Geetha Vivekananda,'' he said.The Children Ward Committee will be the first stage where children who are deprived of a better living will be part of the city-building process. BBMP's ward committees (for adults), though, is yet to take off!The children's village committees are aimed at strengthening children's role in participative democracy, by using their rights. From civic issues to education to alcohol, children in gram panchayats are known to resolve their area problems. \"Their biggest achievement is resolving the alcohol abuse issue which affects them and their families. The deputy commissioner of Udupi and heads of all 56 panchayats have begun to look at solutions now. The children gave presentations before the gram panchayat and suggestions on how to resolve it'' said Ganapathi.He narrated how the children knots a red ribbon around a tree where the committee meets -- one knot for every problem -- and unknot it and tie a white ribbon when a matter is settled. \"The kids have even monitored local government bodies on how they attend to problems, which raises the accountability bar,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11986170", "title": "An intelligence wing to check duty evaders", "text": "MUMBAI: With the idea of identifying duty evasion, the state government on Tuesday launched an Economic Intelligence Unit among other electronic surveillance measures for the Maharashtra Sales Tax Department (MSTD). It was inaugurated by deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar and senior officials of the MSTD. With this, the MSTD is targeting illegal hawala transactions and duty evasion to the tune of Rs 800 crore.The unit was temporarily set up last year but wasn't functioning in a full-fledged manner.\"We inaugurated a total of five initiatives, all of which will give us an edge in digital storage, extraction and analysis of data seized during the search and seizure operations. We have already recovered over Rs 200 crore in the drive which was carried out over the past many months,\" said sales tax commissioner Sanjay Bhatia.The MSTD is also in the process of setting up an advanced state-of-the-art Cyber Forensic Lab for scientific analysis of data and deal with growing cyber crimes. The tender for the lab has been invited and work is expected to begin soon. All of this is part of the largescale transaction the department is undergoing to systematically deal with challenges posed by evaders on a day-today basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11986193", "title": "Same gang behind two bank hold-ups", "text": "The daring robbery at an Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) branch in Keelkattalai on Monday was committed by the same gang that made away with Rs 19 lakh from a bank branch in Perungudi on January 23, investigation officers have confirmed. A sum of Rs 14 lakh was taken away in the latest incident after the staff and customers were herded into the strongroom at gunpoint.Based on the information provided by officials and customers at the IOB branch, crime records bureau officials have generated sketches of the suspects. \"They match to a large extent with the portraits of the suspects in the Perungudi heist,\" joint commissioner of police (south zone) K P Shanmuga Rajeswaran said.Investigation officers say they are hopeful of solving the case soon, adding that that they have sufficient evidence. \"We have formed four more special teams to narrow down on the criminals. Members of one of the teams are searching every nook and corner of the area to find the red Maruti Omni that is suspected to have been used by the robbers,\" a police officer said.The gang members after entering the bank threatened assistant manager Baskar and a part-time sweeper, Vadivel, at gunpoint before locking them and others in the strongroom. The suspects, police inquiries revealed, bundled all the mobile phones of the bank staff and the customers and placed them on a table. They took away Baskar's mobile phone with them.Later, Shanthi, a sweeper, who returned after lunch saw that the bank was empty and then heard the employees' cries coming out of the strongroom. She opened the lock and helped those inside come out. Bank officials subsequently informed police who rushed there and began investigations.Police have so far questioned more than 50 people, including the bank manager , employees and the customers who were witness to the incident. \"One of the special teams has gone to Bangalore in search of the robbers,\" a police officer said.The Bank RaidersThe police think the robbers who raided Indian Overseas Bank branch on Monday were behind the Bank of Baroda robbery on January 23 in Perungudi. Here are the similarities...Robbers struck on a Monday. Choose to target the bank at 1.30pmRobbed only floating cash. Two robbers wielded gunsRobbers didn't mask their faceHeist lasted less than 10 minutesChose banks on the outskirts that didn't have CCTV cameras or guardsBank staff and customers were locked up inside the strongroomRobbers spoke Hindi. They were aged between 20 and 25", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "kollam", "code": "11985215", "title": "Fishermen killing: Kerala Police form special team to probe mid-sea murder", "text": "KOLLAM: Kerala police on Tuesday buckled up to tighten its probe into the killing of two fishermen by Italian marines with an ADGP-rank official being appointed to monitor the investigation.The high-level special team has been constituted given the dimensions, including international diplomatic ramifications, the incident has assumed over the past couple of days. Along with the decision to appoint ADGP (crimes) Vinson M Paul as the monitoring head of the case, a high-level meeting of the police also decided to include Kochi city police commissioner M R Ajith Kumar as the leader of the team. He will assist the ADGP crimes in the investigation into the case.\"The circle inspector of Neendakara police station, where the case has been registered, will be in charge of the case. Vinson M Paul and Ajith Kumar will guide and coordinate the team,\" a police source told TOI.Kollam crime branch SP Sam Christy Daniel will also continue as the chief investigating officer.In a related development, the investigation team on Tuesday obtained a search warrant from the Karunagapilly chief judicial magistrate court to search Enrica Lexie for the guns used to shoot down the fishermen.Though police had asked the Italian authorities to surrender the weapons, the latter is yet to heed the request. \"We need to take custody of the weapons. They are crucial to proving the case against the marines. We only know that the weapons used were 5.56 mm Nato bore,\" sources said.Armed with the search warrant, the police now plan to search the ship on Wednesday. In another development, the Italian authorities moved the High Court to quash the FIR filed against the marines. The shipping company also filed a plea to get the ship released.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11984466", "title": "MLAs join farmers' protest against ring road project", "text": "JAIPUR: The list of Congress leaders joining the protesting farmers' camp against the ring road project is getting longer by the day.While urban development and housing (UDH) minister Shanti Dhariwal is adamant to construct the ring road on 360 meters of acquired land so far, Congress MLA from Bagru, Ganga Devi on Tuesday came out in support of the farmers and protested at MP Mahesh Joshi's residence.\"I am in support of the farmers and I believe that their demand is justified. The farmers are also supporters of the Congress government and we should agree to their demands,\" Devi said. Congress MLA Pratap Singh Khachariyawas also extended his support to the farmers and termed their demand as justified.The deadlock between the farmers and the minister over their demand to construct the ring road on 90 metre land remains and the farmers continue to protest at MP Mahesh Joshi's residence on Tuesday.With two Congress MLAs coming in support of farmers against their own party government has boosted the morale of the protesting farmers. Congress president Chandrabhan had already taken a stand contrary to that of the state government. Even MP Mahesh Joshi had come up against the UDH minister.As the deadlocks continues, the officials and the farmers are now eyeing at the empowered committee meeting which will be chaired by Shanti Dhariwal on Thursday.The JDA plans to construct a 90-metre wide transport corridor alongside the proposed ring road and acquired 135-metre land on either side which will include commercial development along the road. The idea has, however, not gone down well with the farmers who are demanding market price compensation for the 90 metre stretch of land and return of the excess.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "agra", "code": "11985645", "title": "Mystery Mayawati baffles with late campaign surge", "text": "AGRA: The jam-packed Kothi Meena Bazar ground can boost the morale of even the most depressed campaigner. A Bahujan Volunteer Force member controlling the crowd at Mayawati's rally gives out the number. \"We have got 50,000 chairs at the venue and an equal number of supporters waiting outside,\" he says.The crowd at the rally and those attending it may give the impression that any talk of anti-incumbency is premature. But a large number of them anyway make up her core vote base, which appears to be intact. But this voter base alone will not be able to ensure Maya a victory. And Maya, while keeping her flock intact, may have alienated other sections of society, whose additional votes she now needs to pull past rivals.The maverick BSP chief anyway has flummoxed pollsters by her unconventional way of campaigning. While her rivals were toiling for over two months, Mayawati started her election campaign just a week before the first phase. And she is in no hurry to make up the lost ground. Despite being the sole star campaigner for her party, she is addressing just two rallies on an average . On Tuesday, she was in Aligarh and Agra, both the districts going to polls in the sixth phase on February 28.The script of the speech that lasted for nearly an hour was the same at both the places, apart from reference to the candidates of the two districts. \"She is holding just one rally in each district where all the candidates are called. Each candidate brings his supporters and bears the cost,\" says a volunteer. That explains the surge of supporters at the BSP chief's rallies.In Agra, Mayawati started her speech by expressing gratitude to the crowd: \"Aap apne chhote gaadio se aaye...iske liye aap sabho ko shukriya (I thank all of you who took the pain and came in their small vehicles.\"She dedicated most of her speech to bashing the Congress and its \"yuvraj\" Rahul Gandhi, and the rest, including the Samajwadi Party and BJP, got just a few passing references , even though Agra has a BJP MP. Continuing her attack on Congress, she said that the elevation of a dalit woman as the CM of the most populated state had not gown down well with the upper caste and casteist politicians, who are leaving no stone unturned to unseat her. \"Congress yuvraj says Mayawati was better before she became CM. His statement is insulting for the entire sarv samaj,\" she said.Assembly elections 2012 newsUP assembly polls", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11984461", "title": "A Metro service for old city soon?", "text": "GURGAON: The district administration is planning to carry out an aerial survey of old Gurgaon for proposed metro connectivity within a month.Confirming the move , deputy commissioner P C Meena said, \"A proposal has been prepared in this regard as it would help in exploring the possibilities (for the metro connectivity.\"He refused to divulge further details of the project. The deputy commissioner also met members of the old Gurgaon residents forum, Metro Lao Sangharsh Samiti, which is pressing for the metro connectivity in the old city.The resident forum has a committee comprising mostly RWA members and social workers active in the old city, who have come on a single platform to fight the metro connectivity issue.\"This is the big one chance for all the residents of the old city to fight for bringing metro to this part of the town and we are planning a series of campaign in this direction,\" said Amit Arora, Sector 4 RWA secretary. The committee members, Puja Singh, Meenu Singh, Col Ratan Singh and Dr Ashok Taneja, also met the HUDA administrator regarding the metro connectivity issue.\"The demand for the metro connectivity in old Gurgaon is genuine but it is for the state government and metro officials to take a call in the matter,\" said Praveen Kumar , HUDA administrator.The committee members are now planning a series of meeting with officials of Delhi Metro, MCG mayor and also with the chief minister B S Hooda also. The forum has demanded that the area from Rajiv Chowk to railway station, and new Palam Vihar and other HUDA sectors should be added to the metro connectivity.\"At present, the residents are paying Rs 700 for taxi for reaching airport from old Gurgaon. The metro connectivity will immensely help in general commuting inside the old city,\" said Puja Singh, a social worker.At present, the spadework for the metro link between from IFFCO chowk to sector 21 Dwarka has been worked out for which DPR has been submitted with probable routes and coordinates of the routes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11985023", "title": "Delhi police nab Pak spy with several classified documents", "text": "Trained By Pakistani Military Intelligence, Classified Defence Documents Seized From MoleNEW DELHI: Kamran Akbar, a Pakistani who was reportedly working in India for the military intelligence unit of Pakistan and sending home information on defence establishments, projects, plans and vulnerable areas, has been arrested on the charge of spying. The crime branch has also found on him several classified documents related to the Indian military, and maps and details of various projects, which he used to send to Pakistan through emails and by post, sources said.Akbar, the 39-year-old resident agent from Karachi , was caught at New Delhi station on February 13 when he was about to board a train back to Kolkata after reportedly meeting a source in Delhi and is being jointly interrogated by the Intelligence Bureau (IB) and the Military Intelligence of India. \"He was recently asked to come to Delhi to collect defence-related documents, which were to be sent to his handlers in Pakistan,\" said Ashok Chand, DCP, crime branch. \"Sensitive\" defence documents were also found on him, he said.After leaving his studies in 1990, Akbar did petty jobs and also got involved in theft cases in Karachi. He came to India in 1992 on a valid Pakistani passport to visit his relatives and stayed with his uncle Mohammad Salim on Ibrahim Road at Khidderpore in Kolkata. Salim came to India in 1990.\"Akbar came to India through the Attari border. Akbar and Salim, of the same-age group, and one of Salim's associates, Asraf Khan, went to Goa. Salim was well acquainted with Goa as he had worked there as a guide. They robbed two houses in Goa and were caught during the second robbery,\" said Chand. Akbar remained in jail from 1992 to 1996.After his release, he returned to Kolkata and got an Indian passport in the name of Asif Hossain. He procured a one-month visa on this passport and went to Pakistan in July 1997.Chand claimed that the military intelligence agencies in Pakistan got to know about his Indian link and passport and decided to recruit him. \"In October 2004, he was motivated by the Pakistan Military Intelligence to work for them and was told that he would be adequately compensated. In June 2007, he was sent to India for espionage activities after proper training,\" said Ravi Shankar , the additional DCP who, along with inspector P C Khanduri, led the team that arrested Akbar. He was reportedly trained by the Pakistani agencies on Indian military ranks, formation signs, TAC numbers, codes to be used for communication, surveillance and anti-surveillance measures, internet and email chatting. Akbar, who was also taught Hindi, was given Delhi as his target area and asked to cultivate defence personnel.Akbarreached Nepal via Dhaka on a Pakistani passport, entered India illegally and reached Kolkata. \"The Pakistani intelligence agencies had meticulously planned a step-by-step process for him to acquire an Indian identity. To start with, he began selling garments. In October 2009, he got married to an Indian woman from South 24 Parganas in West Bengal. He then procured a voter ID card, PAN card and driving licence in the name of Asif Hossain, using his fake Indian passport, and then opened a bank account,\" Chand said.Shankar said Akbar had received funds through hawala and remittances from abroad were also made to his bank account.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11985446", "title": "BJP patting its own back, says Ajay Singh", "text": "BHOPAL: Leader of the opposition in the state assembly Ajay Singh on Tuesday sought to ridicule the governor's address to the legislative assembly saying that the BJP government now has \"calluses from patting its own back\".\"Law and order is worse in the state. Roads are in pathetic condition, the plight of farmers pitiful and development has taken a back seat. Yet the BJP government feels happy after obtaining Presidential assent for MP Special Courts Bill to fight corruption and MP Cow Protection Bill,\" he said in a statement reacting to the governor's address in the house.\"Everybody knows about the level of corruption and there are many incidents indicating that cows are not protected,\" he said adding that the growing incidents of abduction, gang-rape and murder are on the rise exposing the tall claims of the BJP government.Singh said the that BJP government failed on all fronts and it also lost its grip on the administration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11985652", "title": "Flying abroad? Now, check in at Metro", "text": "NEW DELHI: Exactly a year after the Reliance Infrastructure-led Delhi Airport Metro Express became operational, it is offering check-in facilities to international flyers at two of its stations. The facility will be available from February 23 at Shivaji Stadium and New Delhi stations for passengers travelling on Air India flights.This will allow flyers to check in their baggage before boarding the Airport Metro Express to reach Terminal 3 of the Indira Gandhi International Airport. Passengers will be given their boarding passes at the station. The luggage will be transferred to the train, which has a dedicated space, and directly loaded onto the aircraft by a conveyor.\"Check-in facility for internationals flights of Jet and Kingfisher will follow soon,\" said a Reliance spokesperson.Travel LightFrom Feb 23, international check-in facility will be available at Shivaji Stadium and New Delhi stations Initially, facility only for Air India flyers Passengers can check in their baggage before boarding the train to reach T3. Boarding passes will be given at station itself, while luggage will automatically reach aircraftBaggage-less travel: Check in 8 hrs aheadNEW DELHI: International fliers can now board Delhi's showcase Airport Metro Express 'baggage-less' from Thursday when the much talked about check-in facility for flights abroad at its stations -- New Delhi and Shivaji stadium -- will kick off.Passengers have to check-in a minimum of twoand-a-half hours prior to their flight time, the spokeperson said. \"Fliers can check-in and collect their boarding passes a maximum of eight hours prior to their flight time.\" Check-in facility for domestic fliers has been in operation for the past few months on the Airport Metro and the launching of check-in for international fliers has been long overdue.The 23km high-speed corridor that allows passengers to reach IGI from Connaught Place in around 20 minutes currently has a ridership of 20,000 commuters.The spokesperson said talks were on with other airlines that have international service from the IGI Airport, to come and set up check-in counters at the Reliance Metro Airport Express stations . Anil P Gupta, president , R-Infra said the international check-in service at New Delhi and Shivaji Stadium stations will help passengers flying abroad to avoid long queues at the airport.\"International fliers can collect their boarding passes at the Airport Express Metro Station itself and go for security check at the airport, totally hassle free,\" he said. The six-hour check-in period would be beneficial to passengers coming from Uttar Pradesh, Haryana, Punjab and Rajasthan as they can check-in their luggage at the stations and then go for shopping.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11985575", "title": "NHAI serves order scrapping Gurgaon expressway deal", "text": "NEW DELHI: Slamming the company that operates the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway for serious financial fraud and failure to improve services at the 32-lane toll plaza, the highways authority has issued an order terminating its deal with the concessionaire.The order, dated February 18, was issued as per a Delhi high court directive to the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI). Its fate will be decided by the court, which takes up the hearing on March 1. The NHAI has accused the concessionaire, Delhi-Gurgaon Super Connectivity Ltd, of fraud in the form of refinancing the project without getting its approval. The NHAI had issued a preliminary termination notice to the concessionaire on December 7, 2011 and the private player had challenged this in the HC.Later, the NHAI had in its affidavit in court stated that it wanted to scrap the deal. On February 6, the court had asked the NHAI to send the termination order within three days. However, it was issued 12 days later.The order came following clearance by the highway secretary and acting NHAI chairman A K Upadhyaya after he had \"talked\" to highways minister C P Joshi.'Will work with NHAI to resolve issues'Reacting to the NHAI order, the DGSCL said, \"We are aware that the NHAI had to issue a termination notice as per the directives of the HC... (and that) the NHAI has been restrained by the HC from taking further action till the next hearing on March 1. However, we continue to work closely with the authorities to resolve outstanding issues.\"Terms Of DiscordNHAI serves order scrapping its deal with concessionaire DGSCL to operate the Delhi-Gurgaon ExpresswayOrder blames developer on 3 counts1 DGSCL changed lenders twice to raise loan of Rs 1,597 crore. In second instance, it didn't seek NHAI's permission2 DGSCL failed to expand the 32-lane toll plaza, a major traffic bottleneck3 It did not finalize a plan to maintain and operate the 27.7km expressway Termination subject to court rulingCompany charged with e-way fraudNEW DELHI: The highways authority has issued an order terminating its deal with the company that operates the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway for serious financial fraud and failure to improve services.The ministry felt any delay in issuing the order would \"adversely affect\" the authority and public at large. The NHAI has been facing the heat due to deteriorating quality of service on this tolled road.Though officials said the termination order was delayed as Upadhaya discussed the issue with the minister, NHAI's legal counsel had opined that delaying or not issuing the order would put the authority in an \"awkward\" situation after being told by the court to do so.The termination order that runs to a dozen pages largely blames the developer on three grounds. First, the developer allegedly changed lenders twice. In the latest instance, it didn't get NHAI's permission for raising a loan of Rs 1,597 crore. The company used a conditional no objection certificate issued by the NHAI way back in 2009 for later refinancing a debt of Rs 1,275 crore. According to NHAI, the loan document was submitted to it on October 9, 2010, but the disbursement had already started.The authority has alleged that the concessionaire repaid the old loan of Rs 1,275 crore using a common (escrow) account and even diverted Rs 640 crore to the parent company.The second charge is that the concessionaire has failed to expand the 32-lane toll plaza, the major traffic bottleneck on the expressway. Third, it says DGSCL did not finalize its annual plan to operate and maintain of the 27.7km stretch.Alleging that the concessionaire was still not acting in \"good faith\" to improve services on the expressway, NHAI said all this left \"no scope for taking any action rather than termination of the concession agreement\" .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11986328", "title": "Woman files case against hubby, in-laws", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 27-year-old woman has filed a dowry harassment case against her husband and in-laws with the all-women police station in the city on Tuesday.According to police, complainant Jayanthi, a resident of Gonder Street at Rathinpuri here, was married to Roobas (32), a resident of Mudis in Valparai, five years ago. Jayanthi's parents had given 50 sovereigns of gold and Rs 1 lakh in cash as dowry at the time of marriage.In the complaint, Jayanthi had said that her parents gave another Rs 3.5 lakh to Roobas for his education and another Rs 2 lakh to purchase a car.About a year and a half ago, Jayanthi left her husband after he harassed and beat her in a drunken state. Later, when Jayanthi tried to contact Roobas, his parents threatened her with dire consequences. Irked Jayanthi filed a complaint.Police registered a case and arrested Samidurai while Roobas is absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11983891", "title": "BSY flexes muscles, city MLAs support him", "text": "BANGALORE: In a last, desperate attempt to regain the chief minister's gaddi, B S Yeddyurappa is set for a show of strength before BJP national president Nitin Gadkari , when he arrives in the city to participate in the chintan-mantan baithak (brainstorming) of the BJP, scheduled for February 24 and 25.Yeddyurappa, who returned from Gadag district, hurriedly convened a meeting of MLAs and MPs belonging to Bangalore City on Tuesday at his Dollars Colony residence, to elicit their opinion. While most of the MLAs present reportedly said they had no objection to Yeddyurappa's efforts to become CM, some felt that since the former CM is one of the leaders responsible for building the party, he should get a suitable post at the earliest.Sources at the meeting said that Yeddyurappa, without making it obvious that he wants to become CM, asked transport and home minister R Ashoka to start the meeting. The minister reportedly went into the history of the rift in the party and finally said the former chief minister was needed for the party to return to power. Supporting him, MLAs S R Vishwanath and M Srinivas reportedly maintained that the BJP cannot go to polls without Yeddyurappa becoming CM again. Prominent absentees were Bangalore South MP H N Ananth Kumar and Bangalore North MP D B Chandre Gowda.On Wednesday, he will meet backward class leaders to mobilize support, and elicit their opinion on his budget allocations for them, and how the funds had helped them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11984583", "title": "Nexus between vehicle lifters of Daang with Marwar unearthed", "text": "JAIPUR: The Jaipur police has unearthed a nexus between vehicle lifters of Daang and Marwar regions and arrested three of them from Dausa and Jodhpur districts. Five four-wheelers were recovered from their possession.Addressing a press conference at the police control room on Tuesday, commissioner of police B L Soni said, \"Earlier we had witnessed vehicle lifters from districts including Dausa, Sawai Madhopur, Karauli and Sawai Madhopur. But this time we have found the connivance of vehicle lifters of this region with the vehicle lifters of Pali and Jodhpur.\"On the breakthrough of busting the racket, Anil Paliwal, additional commissioner of police (crime), said, \"There was already a surveillance against the vehicle lifters after witnessing the rise of these cases. One of our teams found the notorious vehicle lifter, Yaadram Meena, with a pistol and arrested him while he was planning to eliminate a member of a rival gang.\"Upon his interrogation, it was found that he was in touch with gangs of vehicle lifters from Pali and Jodhpur. Thus, we arrested two more vehicle lifters including Chatura Ram (20) a native of Jaitaran village in Pali and Malaram a native of Luni in Jodhpur,\" Paliwal said.According to the police these vehicle lifters were not only confined to Rajasthan as they have also lifted four-wheelers from Delhi. \"We have also seized five four-wheelers including jeeps and cars from the possession of the gang,\" he added.Soni said the connivance of the vehicle lifters of Dausa and Sawai Madhopur with the lifters of Jodhpur and Pali is alarming. \"In the past, we had tipped off Jodhpur police and some vehicle lifters were arrested. It seems that these people get in touch with each other during their jail stay as Yaadram Meena was in Jaipur central jail some months back,\" he said.Police added that Yaadram Meena is a notorious vehicle lifter who is booked in at least a dozen cases of vehicle lifting across the state. \"We have arrested him with a loaded pistol and he was planning to eliminate a member of a rival gang whenever that person was brought to the court,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11984144", "title": "City to host five-day bird fest", "text": "PUNE: A birding session with naturalist Kiran Purandare, a workshop in making artificial nests and lectures on endangered birds will be held in the city as part of a five-day bird fest organized by the NGO Nature Walk in association with Bombay Natural History Society, Indian Bird Conservation Network, Pune forest division and Maharashtra Pakshi Mitra organization from February 22.The fest will be held at the Indradhanushya auditorium, Rajendranagar.An audio-visual presentation on the endangered Forest Owlet will be held on the opening day. On the second day, noted ecologist Prakash Gole will share some rare photographs from his own archive.Kiran Purandare will share his knowledge about birds and bird calls on February 25. The birding session will be held at Kavadi on February 26.On the last day, a workshop on artificial bird nests will be held, besides a screening of rare films on birds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "hisar", "code": "11984415", "title": "Rusticated school student fires at guard, escapes", "text": "HISAR: A rusticated student of Class XI in Vishvas Senior Secondary School allegedly shot at and injured a school guard at the main gate and escaped on Tuesday.The bullet pierced through the left arm of Subhash who bled profusely and was sent to the hospital by the principal, Sushila Devi.The school guard, Subhash, said, \"I was on the gate and he suddenly came and fired at me without saying anything.\" The police registered a case and questioned his father, a havaldar.Meanwhile, Sushila Devi said that the student, Ajay Tripathi, had allegedly misbehaved with teachers several times and was rustricated on January 30 .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11984848", "title": "Anganwadi workers to go on strike on Feb 28", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Anganwadi workers in the state have threatened to go on a state-wide strike on February 28. The workers are demanding a salary of Rs 10,000 per month.About 90,000 workers and helpers in the state have decided to join the nation-wide strike call given to press for their pending demands. Niruben Ahir, the president of the Gujarat Anganwadi Employees Union said that the Anganwadi workers and helpers are demanding a salary of Rs 10,000 and other benefits including implementation of the pension scheme.Ahir said the strike would be total in all the 26 districts in the state. tnn She said that the state and the central government have roped in the Anganwadi workers for all important programmes launched by the central or state governments.She claimed that in the year 2008, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has announced that the Anganwadi workers will be given all benefits including that of pension. But despite the announcement, the Prime Minister has failed to implement the same.She said that an Anganwadi worker even after working for 35 years has not been getting pension, or even any gratuity. They were being paid meagerly and hence the workers wanted an increase in their monthly remunerations also.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11984423", "title": "Commuters violate one-way rule, cops turn a blind eye", "text": "GURGAON: Over two weeks after the roads around Bhuteshwar Mandir in the old city were made one-way, the commuters are yet to come to terms with it. The lax attitude of the traffic policemen, coupled with their low presence, makes it easy for the commuters to violate the law and take the wrong lanes.While barricading has been done on the road with cement barriers, strings and cones, the arrangement lacks proper signages. For instance, at the end of police barricading on Khandsa road (backside of the temple) a few cones are attached with a string, but there is no signage informing the commuters that the road is one way.Similarly, traffic coming from Sadar Bazar and heading towards Basai road are required to go from behind the temple, but instead of doing so they go from the front, opposite to the one-way direction.Meanwhile, traffic cops on duty, who remain to be mute spectators, blamed \"illiterate\" commuters for the mess. \"They do not listen at all. What can we do. We risk the chances of getting abused and manhandled by the people,\" said a constable on duty. He pointed to a gap on the road where a barricade was put up but said quite often the residents take the shortcut.On a visit to the area on Monday, a policeman was seen standing on the road side, though he was not guiding the traffic, another resting at a nearby sweet shop. When contacted, traffic inspector of the area, Hans Raj, blamed the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) for the mess and said that even after writing several times to the civic body for installation of jersy barriers and repairing roads, no action has yet been taken.DCP (traffic) Bharti Arora could not be contacted for comments.Shashwat Malik", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11985228", "title": "Student ends life a day before HSC exam", "text": "NAGPUR: The discovery of the suicide by a student marked the first day of the higher secondary board examination on Tuesday. The mutilated body of Sumit Jawanjal, who was supposed to appear for the examination, was found on the railway tracks near Khapri in the jurisdiction of Sonegaon police station on Tuesday morning.Sumit, eldest of three brothers, had left home on Monday evening, informing family members that he was heading to a 'Mahashivratri' puja and would return after studying at a friend's place. There was no communication from him after that. Sumit's father is a technician with the Indian Air Force.Police said that it was apparent from the circumstances that Sumit was suffering from tension due to studies. His academic career, said family sources, had been full of struggles. Sources said teachers of his school had also reprimanded Sumit for not paying attention to his performance.In the final practical examination, the school authorities had to ensure that Sumit scored proper marks to boost his morale despite lacking in effort.Sonegaon police station got information about the body on the railway tracks from a railway gangman who was patrolling the stretch. Police traced the family with the help of a mobile phone that was found in his pocket. Father Rajesh and others identified Sumit's body with the help of the police. There was no suicide note.It has come to fore that Sumit also skipped tuition classes. \"There was no tension on his face and so his decision stunned us,\" said father Rajesh. \"We never imagined Sumit could take such a step,\" he said. \"The teachers had scolded him, but it was not a recent incident,\" he said.Sonegaon police have registered a case of accidental death and are likely to check his call details and question family members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11984107", "title": "Wear your helmet, cops remind", "text": "BANGALORE: Traffic police have asked two-wheeler riders to wear helmets without fail. This advisory comes after 9 motorists, riding without helmets, were killed on the spot following head injuries in January alone.Additional commissioner of police (traffic) MA Saleem said head injuries could be fatal or result in lifelong deformities. He pointed out that two-wheelers make up for nearly 70% of the over 40-lakh vehicular population in the city.In a release, he said wearing helmets is mandatory for two-wheeler riders. Sadly, most of the time, they are found riding without the protective headgear.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11983993", "title": "Many kidnapping cases in Mumbai involve eloping with minor girls", "text": "MUMBAI: While around 150 kidnapping cases were registered across Mumbai during each of the past three years, police officials said a large number of the cases pertained to elopement. Statistics accessed under the Right to Information (RTI) Act from 85 of the city's 93 police stations show that 136 kidnapping cases were registered in 2009, 169 in 2010 and 159 in 2011.\"In cases where the victim is an underage girl, her consent would be immaterial and the man would be booked for kidnapping,\" said joint commissioner of police Himanshu Roy. \"Although a large number of the cases we receive pertain to elopement, we treat each of them with seriousness.\"However, in such circumstances, lawyers said that for the charge of kidnapping to be framed, an important condition needs to be met -- 'enticement'. \"If a boy promises to marry a girl and then elopes with her, that would amount to enticement,\" said criminal lawyer M A Khan. He added that if the girl is underage and elopes with a boy after being enticed, and they subsequently have a physical relationship, the boy would be also booked for rape.Earlier this year, a 30-year-old woman from Dindoshi, who had eloped with a distant relative six years ago and married him, was rescued by the Mumbai police from Madhya Pradesh, where her husband had tortured and abandoned her. The husband, Ajay Chauhan, and his girlfriend, Kusum, were arrested from Gurgaon where they had taken the victim's two-year-old son.\"Due to the shame associated with such circumstances, the victim could prefer to live a hand-to-mouth existence than return to her parents' place, as was observed in the Dindoshi case,\" pointed out an activist. \"Chauhan couldn't be slapped with bigamy charges despite his having abandoned his wife and living with another woman, as he had not officially tied the knot the second time.\"Sociologists also said that, earlier, families would be wary of reporting a missing girl to the police, afraid that word would spread in society and disrepute would be brought to the household. But now there are a lot of parents who are willing to report such cases to the cops.Nandita Shah, co-director of NGO Akshara, spoke of trends she has been noticing. \"More and more girls and boys are taking an independent stand on their marriages, while parents are not yet ready for this. Secondly, the age at which youngsters are getting into a relationship is falling, so a lot of these cases get registered with the police as kidnapping.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11984839", "title": "BJP slams 'repetitive' Congress manifesto", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa BJP on Tuesday rubbished the Congress election manifesto as having 70% contents of the Congress election manifesto of the 2007 assembly elections.Briefing the media, North Goa BJP MP and election campaign in-charge Shripad Naik described the assurances given in the Congress manifesto as only election gimmicks.Naik also slammed his Congress Rajya Sabha MP Shantaram Naik who reportedly criticized the BJP manifesto and questioned how the BJP would raise the money to fulfill their manifesto assurances of reducing petrol price by Rs 11 per litre and abolish house tax in Panchayat areas. \"Even if we stop 50% of the loot of the Congress government, it will be sufficient to pay and fulfill these assurances,\" Shripad Naik said.Naik reminded that it was the BJP government of Atal Behari Vajpayee that gave reservations to scheduled tribes (ST). But to give reservations in the state assembly, the state government should have conducted a survey of the ST population in Goa. This was never done and the Congress assurances to the ST community are only efforts to fool the ST community at election time, Naik said.He also ridiculed the Congress manifesto promise to build 12 bridges. \"During seven years of Congress rule, they did not build a single bridge. Now they are promising seven,\" Naik said.He also criticized the Congress manifesto for its promise to allow private bus operators to display advertisements on their buses just like on the government-owned Kadamba buses. \"All these years, the private bus owners are asking for permission to paint advertisements on their buses. The Congress government denied them all this time but has now promised because of elections,\" Naik said.The BJP MP also questioned the motive behind the Congress promise to set up a new district in Goa. \"Why do they want to set up a new district? Is it to create new jobs which they can sell to the people?\" Naik questioned.Assembly elections news 2012Goa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11984847", "title": "Anglo-Indians feel betrayed by WB govt, community leaders", "text": "KOLKATA: Shaken by the rape of one of their own members, the small Anglo-Indian community in Kolkata has gone into a shell.Many feel they have been let down by community leaders, who have been silent on the issue. They should have protested the chief minister's remark that the rape claim was fabricated to malign the government, many say, pointing out that the church , too, should have come out in support of the woman.\"We feel insecure and disheartened about what has happened over the last one week. It seems the state has no sympathy for the victim just because she happens to be a member of a small minority. Our government has been more responsive and sensitive about similar cases in the past. Strangely, it was very different this time,\" said Thomas Mendle, a member of the community.Alleging that the Anglo-Indian Association of India has acted irresponsibly by not bothering to get in touch with the victim, Mendle said Anglo-Indians felt threatened and victimized.Members of the community had an informal meeting on Tuesday and decided to rally around the victim's family. \"We were taken aback by some of the statements made by our political leaders. If this is what our leaders and administration feel about us, are we secure in Kolkata?\" asked John Simon .\"Those who committed this barbaric act will have to bear the consequences. Thankfully, the government gave police the independence to get to the truth,\" said Shane Calvert, MLA nominated to represent Anglo-Indians in the assembly. Calvert was late in reacting to the situation, felt Paul Mantosh, a former MLA. \"While this incident is shocking, our MLA should have taken it up earlier. The comments made by some of our leaders were in poor taste and Anglo-Indians have enough reason to feel betrayed,\" he said.Archbishop of Kolkata Thomas D'Souza said: \"The church condemns this barbaric act and sympathizes with the victim. I congratulate the police for solving the case quickly. It's unfortunate if the Anglo-Indian community is feeling let down. They have always been an integral part of Kolkata's social fabric. Their security is as much a concern as any other minority group,\" he said.He, however, appealed to the community not to look at the incident as an assault against them. \"This is a heinous crime and the victim should get justice. Let us not make it a community issue,\" D'Souza said.\"Kolkata has always been a home for a sizeable section of the community. Yet, after all these years, people don't seem to have got over the stereotypes with which we have traditionally been associated - that, we are a happy-go-lucky community which loves to drink, party and take it easy. Anglo-Indians are extremely peace-loving and they also deserve the protection that other minority groups enjoy,\" added Mendle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11983534", "title": "Drunk youths vandalise vehicles", "text": "HYDERABAD: Police booked criminal cases against a group of students who in an inebriated condition damaged 12 vehicles parked on streets in colonies near the Osmania University in the wee hours of Tuesday.According to OU police, six students travelling on two bikes pelted stones and damaged windshields of 11 vehicles parked on the streets of Green Hills and Ravindra Nagar Colonies on Tuesday morning. All the students were in an inebriated condition and they even dragged a DCM van cleaner, Tirupati, on the road for trying to stop them from damaging vehicles.\"The windshields of 10 cars and a DCM van got damaged in the incident. Tirupati also suffered minor injuries. All the accused were in an inebriated condition,\" OU inspector P Ashok said. Alerted by locals, police quickly swung into action and nabbed two of the students from their houses on Tuesday. They are undergraduate students belonging to various colleges in the city.A man-hunt has been launched to nab the remaining culprits and cases were slapped against them under Sections 307 (Attempt to murder), 427 (Mischief and causing damage to an amount over Rs 50) and 506 (Criminal intimidation) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11984258", "title": "Baby with rare birth defect", "text": "PUNE: A 15-day-old Nigerian baby, born with improperly developed food pipe, successfully underwent surgical correction of her digestive tract at a city hospital. The baby showed significant post-operative recovery and was discharged on Tuesday.\"It is a rare congenital defect, in which the food pipe connecting the mouth to the stomach is shortened and closed (dead-ended) at some point. The condition is called 'esophageal atresia'. It affects approximately 1 in 4,000 live babies as in most cases babies get aborted because of the severe abnormality,\" said paediatric surgeon Dasmit Singh, who operated upon the baby at Jehangir hospital on February 5.\"Normally, babies with such condition need to be operated within hours after birth. Otherwise the child dies. However, in this case, the child was operated after 15 days of birth. Even then, it has survived and done well,\" Singh said.The mother delivered twin babies in Nigeria on January 22, of which one died at birth. Two days later the parents were told that the surviving baby had potentially life threatening complications. The father, himself a doctor, was aware that survival rates were very low in Nigeria for babies with the defect his daughter had been born with (undeveloped food pipe).Through an intermediary, the father contacted Singh, who assured him that the baby can be saved.The parents reached Pune on February 2. \"Since the baby could not take any oral feed, it was put on intravenous drip. Seeing the baby's condition, two airlines refused to take us in. All the travel management and journey took eight days. Hence, by the time we reached Pune, 10 days had already passed,\" mother Victoria Ibewuike told TOI.\"The child was rushed to the neonatal intensive care unit, where neonatologist Anshu Sethi and her team had to resuscitate the child as she was highly dehydrated and very sick. All the accumulated secretions were sucked out, the baby was started on oxygen and then investigated,\" Sethi said.\"The baby was in no condition to be operated. She would not have survived the anaesthesia and surgery. So, in consultation with the parents, we postponed surgery till her condition stabilised and improved,\" said Singh.Anaesthetist Sudhir Phadke's team handled the delicate task of anesthetising the 15-day-old baby weighing just 2.7 kg, while Singh, assisted by surgeon Kshama Kulkarni, carried out the surgical restructuring of her digestive tract.During the surgery, the abnormal connection of the lower esophageal pouch was disconnected from the trachea. The trachea was repaired with stitches and then the upper esophageal pouch was sutured to the lower esophageal pouch, thus establishing continuity of the food pipe.The baby withstood the operation well, but could not breathe on her own. She was then put on a ventilator. \"The ventilator was removed after two days. The parental nutrition and antibiotics continued for another seven days,\" Sethi said.After eight days of surgery, a 'dye study' was done to test whether the food pipe had healed adequately. It showed that the healing was good, signaling that the child would be able to feed orally like a normal child, 22 days after being born.\"In such cases, good results are dependent on speed, teamwork, the facilities, the skill of the surgical and intensive care teams and, above all, efficient nursing care,\" said George Eapen, CEO, Jehangir.The baby has now gained almost 500 gram weight. She was discharged on Tuesday and was scheduled to fly to Nigeria.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11985522", "title": "NIA team quizzes Kamal Chouhan's kin", "text": "INDORE: A three-member team of the National Investigation Agency (NIA) on Tuesday visited the Moorkhedi home of Kamal Chauhan, arrested for the Samjhauta express blast that killed 68 people in 2007.The NIA men met Kamal's uncle Kailash Chauhan and other family members, quizzing them about Kamal's links with the slain RSS man Sunil Joshi , who is the prime accused in the blast case.Sources said the NIA queried Kamal's kin at length about Sunil Joshi's visits to meet Kamal and about the RSS shakha that Kamal ran in the area. \"They also asked the family members to hand over some letters and letter heads,\" said a sourceThe sources added that NIA sleuths also asked the family about two youths, one of whom has been missing'' for about two years now.Sources also said that the NIA took down details of Kamal's personal assets since the blast in 2007 and those that he used to meet, before inspecting the go shala (cow pen) that Kamal had been involved with.The NIA team was provided security by the local cops, but the latter were kept off during the quizzing of kamal's family.Ends", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11985717", "title": "Court rejects bail pleas of Pramod Khandelwal, architect, contractor", "text": "NAGPUR: The district court has rejected the bail pleas of the accused in the warehouse collapse case on Tuesday. District judge PM Dunedar observed that the pleas of the applicants could not be granted considering the gravity of the offence and its consequences. So far, the toll of the incident that took place on January 31 has touched 18.Pramod Khandelwal, whose wife Pratibha owned the place on paper, had been arrested a couple of days after the incident. The court has rejected the bail plea of Khandelwal, who is presently in magisterial custody.The court also rejected Pramod's plea that he had obtained necessary sanctions and verification certificates of the national body which surveys standards of cold storage, saying that this was no justification for the collapse.Counsel Prakash Naidu, appearing for Khandelwal, also presented precedents where the high court has quashed proceedings against building owners. \"We argued that the building owner cannot be held responsible for the collapse when the contractor was the man behind the construction work,\" he said.The court also ignored the plea that the Khandelwals had spent a lot to erect the building. Sources said the court expressed a doubt that the Khandelwals had used substandard construction materials and also started using the premises without an occupation certificate from the competent authority.Though the anticipatory bail of Pramod's wife Pratibha was confirmed by the court, the applications of architect Santosh Sahu and contractor Dilip Nandanwar too were rejected. Sources said the court rejected the defence arguments that the building was being constructed as per an approved design and sanctioned by the competent authorities.Senior inspector Anil Choudhary of Kalamna police station said after rejection of the bail pleas that he is planning to arrest the three soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11984547", "title": "New education plan to ride on IT revolution", "text": "GURGAON: Use of information and communication technology (ICT) to overhaul the educational system appears to be the area of focus in the first master plan of the state education department.The draft of the education master plan targets 30% of the student curricula dedicated to information technology by 2016. It also advocates broadband connectivity in all government schools. For the time being, the draft plan has been published for discussion purposes.\"Our primary goal is that all students and teachers have access to technology, and have enough ICT skills, which are in high demand today,\" said an official of the department of school education, Haryana. The master plan draft has three modules - the first culminating in the year 2016, the second in the year 2021, and the final one stretching up from 2021 to 2025. All the main plans for the reform drive are focused on improving ICT infrastructure and training in Haryana's schools, a move which has been long overdue.The draft proposes reducing, by volume, the usual school curriculum by 30%, and filling up the space with ICT education and training. \"Creating new knowledge centres and libraries is also a part of this, and the idea is to have a technology assistant for every school,\" the official said.While the plans are ambitious, it remains to be seen how efficient the implementation will be. Another significant proposal is to provide, at the minimum, 10 internet-enabled computers in every government school, and by 2016, have one computer for every five students across the state.Teacher training is also an integral part of the plan and the government is mulling an educational software procurement scheme to provide easy access and tax exemption to schools when it comes to procuring ICT infrastructure.The final phase of the plan is still sketchy in terms of clear objectives, but talks about giving out low-cost laptops to students and focuses on mobile learning. The first draft is currently available on the department's website, and the department officials say they are open to radical suggestions.\"The master plan is made public and all suggestions are welcome. We will be implementing this in partnership with private and public organizations,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11983465", "title": "Hyderabad\u2019s software hub shines brightly", "text": "HYDERABAD: Call it yet another shot in the arm for Hyderabad's image as a global IT/ITeS hub. The city's IT district locations of Madhapur and Gachibowli have been rated among the fastest growing office locations in India by a leading realty consultancy firm. The survey has rated Hyderabad's suburban market, comprising Madhapur and Gachibowli, at the fourth spot in India among the 15 most fastest growing office locations in the country in terms of growth in rental values.Hyderabad's suburban area rentals grew 19% to Rs 38 per sft in December 2011 from Rs 32 per sft in December 2010 in terms of growth, only behind three prime office space locations of Kolkata that include the Rash Behari Connector, which ranked at top spot in India with a 28% rental growth to Rs 73 per sft by a Cushman &amp; Wakefield report on 'Office space across the world 2012'.The rental growth of Hyderabad's suburban market was rated ahead of prime office locations like Mumbai's prime Bandra Kurla Complex that saw rentals grow only by 7.7% but on a larger base of Rs 280 per sft from Rs 260 per sft or Chennai's Anna Salai, RK Salai areas that saw rentals rise 9% to Rs 60 per sft from Rs 55 per sft.According to the consultancy firm, the IT/ITeS sector continues to dominate Hyderabad's office market, accounting as it does for 78% of total absorption of office space, with Madhapur and Gachibowli alone enjoying the lion's share of 77% in the total office space absorption.In fact, the October-December 2011 period alone saw some major deals being struck by IT biggies like Google, Deloitte and Xilinx, all of whom mopped up between 90,000 and 95,000 sft space each in Hyderabad's IT district. \"Hyderabad is surely one of the locations considered by IT companies when they are either looking at setting up shop in India or expanding their presence,\" points out Ravi Ahuja, executive director, Cushman &amp; Wakefield, India.However, the findings also show that office space rentals in other areas of Hyderabad have either remained stagnant or de-grown over the past year. If areas like Banjara Hills (excluding certain prime roads) and Jubilee Hills as well as peripheral markets like Shamshabad and Uppal saw rentals stagnate between December 2011 and December 2010, rentals in CBD (central business district) of Banjara Hills Road No 1,2,10,12 and off-CBD areas like Begumpet, Somajiguda, Raj Bhavan Road and SP Road have showed a negative growth over the past year.IT industry representatives say they are not surprised at the findings. \"Gachibowli and Madhapur are not only among the fastest growing in India but also the only areas in Hyderabad where office rentals are moving up because IT and ITeS companies are on an expansion spree and driving demand,\" says IT and ITeS Association of AP secretary general Bipin Pendyala.\"What is boosting demand for IT/ITeS office space in Hyderabad is that while realty is very reasonably priced and competitive as compared to other metros like Bangalore, Mumbai, Delhi and Chennai, the city offers better infrastructure than these cities,\" adds an official of Nasscom's Hyderabad office. According to IT industry representatives, though there was an existing supply of SEZ office space in areas like Uppal and Shamshabad the long commutes had kept industry focused on the IT district.Realtors feel the skewed situation in the city has arisen out of a combination of the state government's aggressive marketing of the Madhapur and Gachibowli areas to IT/ITeS companies and the lack of space in the CBD areas of the city that has resulted in the current situation.\"The realty market of the city is shifting and expanding. Once upon a time no one used to go to Madhapur or Gachibowli but with the state government concentrating on promoting Madhapur and Gachibowli, these areas have developed rapidly over the past 10-15 years. But areas like Banjara Hills have not only very few open plots left, there are also many restrictions, limiting the supply of realty,\" explains Confederation of Real Estate Developers' Association of India, AP chapter president Shekhar Reddy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11984959", "title": "Delhi high court seeks Jamia varsity's response", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Tuesday sought a response from Jamia Milia Islamia on a plea seeking a direction to the university administration to conduct polls to the students' union which remains dissolved since 2006.A division bench of Justices Sanjay Kishan Kaul and Rajiv Shakdher directed the university to file a detailed affidavit within four weeks to the plea of Hamidur Rehman, a final year BA student, for a direction to hold the elections. Directing Atyab Siddiqui - the counsel for Jamia to file the response - the bench fixed March 18 for further hearing of the petition.Jamia was not conducting the students' union election on the ground that the atmosphere is not conducive despite several representations made in this regard before the administration, the petition alleged. Jamia has been charging Rs 50 annually from each student as union fee but the authorities have \"no intention to hold the election,\" the petition said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "mahoba/hamirpur", "code": "11986369", "title": "Parched Mahoba awaits growth", "text": "MAHOBA/HAMIRPUR: Raju, a labourer in Jhansi, is in a dilemma: whether he should go to his his native village Murhari in Mahoba on February 23 to cast vote and lose at least two days of wage, or stay back and forget about his vote.\"I have not thought about it yet,'' Raju said, looking confused. Raju is among thousands of youth who migrate out of their villages in Mahoba in search of jobs -- to support their families and repay the loans taken from local moneylenders after repeated droughts ravaged their crops and drove them to poverty. Murhari village, which has a sizeable population of dalits, presents a picture of abject poverty. The biggest challenge is not only livelihood but necessities like food and drinking water. Instances of malnourished children keep emerging from villages around Mahoba.Manoj Dixit, a local social worker, claims that over the years a dozen rivers in the district have either dried up or are on the verge of extinction. The harried villagers have often taken law in their hands. Dixit cited the example of 16-yearold Daya Shankar of Murhari village. The teenage boy reportedly hit a policeman with a bucket after the latter stopped him from taking water from a well. \"The case was lodged against the boy but since he was a minor he was let off ,'' he said.Water supply in Mahoba is maintained by a 900-year-old dam, Madan Sagar tank, which receives water from a feeder canal connected to Urmil dam on river Urmil. Due to deficit rainfall in Urmil catchment area, practically no supplies are available from dam. Ten tubewells were bored up to 150 ft. in the tank bed but even the tubewells have gone dry. Further deepening of tubewells is not feasible due to rocky bed underneath. Villagers give different versions for failure in supplies, but the fact is there has been no rainfall in Urmil catchment and thus the storage in the Urmil dam dried after 2003.Neighbouring Chandauli village has even a bitter picture to project. Fortyyear-old Rani breaks down at the mention of her husband Pratipal Singh. ``He is no more,'' she says. Pratipal had taken a loan of Rs 50,000 from a local sahukaar. The amount went up to Rs one lakh within a year time following a high rate of interest, and he was in no position to pay back. One night Pratipal committed suicide by consuming a local dye. Pratipal's mother Roop Rani too fell ill and died. Villagers claim that she died of starvation.``There was nothing in our house to eat,'' Rani, who works in a brick kiln, says. The story of Kapoori Devi is no different. Her husband Brijlal aka Tampole hung himself from a tree after he could not repay the loan.The shadow of drinking water crisis and lack of other basic civic amenities loom large over Bakshachani village in Sumerpur block of Hamirpur. Every morning, villagers carry empty canisters in bullock carts to a nearby river to ferry drinking water. A few others walk, many of them barefoot, to fetch water. Scores of handpumps in the village have been lying dysfunctional for years. A few handpumps that are functional gush out saline water which is unfit for drinking. Vivek Bhatnagar of Beriganj village said they have been petitioning the district administration but in vain.Devendra Gandhi, a social activist in the district, says many villages have not seen roads or electricity for nearly 40 years. He cites the example of Shankapur village which was electrified in 1984 but only on papers. \"They put up poles but forgot wires,'' he says. The case of Qutubpur village is more peculiar. Gandhi says some homes received electricity bills even though there was no power at all.But while the social scenario in Hamirpur and Mahoba is getting grimmer, politicians are leaving no stones unturned to make their prospects brighter. The two districts together had five assembly constituencies before delimitation - Hamirpur, Maudha and Rath in Hamirpur, and Charkhari and Mahoba in Mahoba. Of this, four - Maudha, Rath, Charkhari and Mahoba -- were won by BSP, while Hamirpur went to Samajwadi Party in 2007. Post-delimitation, Maudha constituency, from where BSP's Badshah Singh won, has been scrapped.Badshah Singh, who was expelled from the BSP on charges of land grabbing, has now moved out of Hamirpur, to contest from Mahoba constituency on BJP ticket. He is up against Congress's Arimardan Singh, SP's Siddhgopal Sahu and BSP'S Raj Narain. In 2007, the seat was won by Rakesh Kumar of BSP.An interesting contest brews up in Charkhari from where BJP's firebrand leader Uma Bharti is contesting. In 2007, the seat was won by BSP's Anil Kumar Ahirwar, who has been denied a ticket by the party this time and replaced by Chawdhari Dhooram. Samajwadi Party has placed its bet on Kaptan Singh while Congress has fielded Ram Jeevan.There is another interesting twist to Charkhari. SP's Ambesh Kumar who lost the seat to BSP by a slim margin to Ahirwar has been moved out and is now SP's candidate in Rath constituency of Hamirpur. Ashok Kumar Chandel of SP who won the Hamirpur assembly seat in 2007 is not in the fray this time. He has been replaced by Shiv Charan, who will battle it out with Fateh Mohammad of BSP, Keshav Babu of Congress and Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti of BJP. Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11984573", "title": "3 cubs spotted in Ranthambore tiger reserve", "text": "JAIPUR: Spotting of three cubs comes as good news for the Ranthambore tiger reserve. At least three cubs were reportedly seen in the Khandar range of the forest by one of the forest 'mitras'.\"One of the forest guards spotted three cubs. The cubs, according to him, are of the tigress T-30 in the Khandar area. But we are yet to confirm it. Trap cameras have been set up in the area to captures pictures of the tigress and her cubs,\" chief wildlife warden A Choubey said.\"The area has been cordoned off and we are hopeful of capturing pictures of the cub soon.\" Rajesh Gupta, additional director of the park, said.The park has been seeing a baby boom since the past year when 17 cubs were born. However, officials warned that all the cubs are not alive still. Out of the 17 cubs, two have not been spotted in the recent days.\"The number of cubs in the past year was very good but we may soon see some migration when they become sub-adults,\" warned Choubey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11984436", "title": "HC quashes extension to retired official, fines Punjab govt", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Weird grounds preferred by Punjab government in retaining a 78-year-old retired Lt Colonel as district Sainik welfare officer (DSWO), Jalandhar, failed to impress the Punjab and Haryana high court, which on Tuesday not only quashed the appointment, but also imposed an exemplary cost of Rs 50,000 on the state.Lt Col Manmohan Singh was retained in service by the state in complete contravention of service rules on grounds that he is \"drawing a salary of Rs 1 per month only\", his \"name was recommended for Padma Bhushan award\" and he has done an \"excellent job\". This was the plea of the state government as well as Lt Col Singh before the court.Quashing the appointment, a division bench headed by Justice M M Kumar also directed the chief secretary, Punjab to conduct an inquiry into the circumstances under which the retired army officer was given extensions, flouting all rules and also to fix responsibility for making illegal appointment of Singh. The court has also held that government would be at liberty to recover the cost of Rs 50,000 from the officer found guilty in the inquiry.The matter was raised through a PIL filed by H S Rathi, who contended that the appointment was violative of Punjab Defence Services Welfare Officers (Group A) Rules, 1986, which provided the upper age limit as 55 years for the said post. The petitioner alleged that the Lt Colonel was given appointment as DSWO for the last 24 years, purely on pick-and-choose basis, without issuing any advertisement or inviting applications from eligible persons, and without making regular appointment to the said post through Punjab Public Service Commission (PPSC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11984281", "title": "'Strengthen Lonavla-Daund rail corridor'", "text": "PUNE: Commuters groups have urged the state government to strengthen the Lonavla-Pune-Daund rail corridor such that it meets the mass transport needs of the Pune metropolitan region.Strengthening the railway corridor would include increasing the number of tracks, installing automatic signaling system, developing terminals and adding additional rakes to trains. There are around 40 daily trains between Pune and Lonavla used by 1 lakh commuters, while there are around 12 daily trains between Pune and Daund used by approximately 50,000 passengers.Jugal Rathi of the PMP Pravasi Manch, a commuters group, said the public transport system in Pune, Pimpri-Chinchwad and neighboring fringe areas is \"pathetic\" and that the service provided is very poor. Also, the Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Limited (PMPML) has been neglected for many years, rendering it inefficient. The manch has sent letters to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar saying that the strengthening of the Lonavla-Pune-Daund suburban railway system would significantly help solve the traffic and transportation problems in the region.Rathi said the state should ensure that the proposal for strengthening the suburban railway corridor is included in the Union Railway Budget to be presented next month. \"If the corridor is developed with four to six railway tracks, it could act as a suburban railway system for the Pune region.\"\"The railways could run local trains every five minutes between Akurdi-Pune-Loni Kalbhor. Similarly, trains could be operated between Talegaon and Uruli Kanchan. The frequency of trains between Lonavla-Pune-Daund could also be increased. All political leaders and NGOs should take up the issue with the central government and the railways,\" he added.The strengthening of the railway corridor has some distinctive advantages as it can be done faster and at a lower cost as compared to a public transport system like the metro railway. The system is environment-friendly and there would be no displacement of people in implementing the changes. The strengthening of the railway corridor would add to the services provided by the future metro corridors in Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad, as well as the PMPML bus service, he added.Meanwhile, the Chinchwad Pravasi Sangh has also made a demand for quadruplation of the 63-km-long Pune-Lonavla suburban railway section. Executive president of the Sangh, Gulamali Bhaldar, presented a memorandum to Central Railways general manager Subodh Jain during his annual inspection visit to Chinchwad on Tuesday. The Sangh also demanded various passenger amenities at Chinchwad and increase in frequency of local trains between Pune and Lonavla.Incidentally, the railways, in the budget for 2011-12 had announced a preliminary survey for a third line between Pune and Lonavla. The railways have started the process of inviting tenders from agencies for carrying out the survey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11984806", "title": "Floating restaurant still a pipedream?", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Those dreaming of enjoying a leisurely dinner while floating on Sabarmati waters may be disappointed to know that it is not likely to turn into reality any time soon. For, the key to floating restaurant - fresh flowing water in Sabarmati River - is missing.The Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) has invited tenders for on-the-water entertainment, including a floating restaurant, but there are very few takers. An Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation official said that the interest from investors is drowning in drainage water that Sabarmati carries at present. In addition, the AMC also does not promise round the year water flow in the river.A city-based entrepreneur had showed interest in the project. He, however, backed out since his conditions were not met. A senior official at Sabarmati River Front Development Corporation Ltd (SRFDCL) said that they want a floating restaurants to come but the firms want a platform to be set in the middle of the river and also guarantee of fresh water for all 12 months a year. AMC is not ready for all of this, he said.But one of the conditions in the tender issued for the project clearly states that water will not be available round the year. The AMC foresees approximately 10 months of water availability in the river in a year. The dry period may vary. The fact that the civic body has floated Expression Of Interest (EOI) the fourth time, itself raises questions about its plans regarding the building of floating restaurants and provision of recreational activities at the riverfront.A senior official said that bidders are aware that the Sabarmati, even today, has more sewerage water than fresh. The drainage pipelines, which off-load sewer water into the river, were actually meant to be storm water pipelines to channelize excess water only during the monsoons. But these storm water drains keep dumping dirty water into the river round the year as several residential units have taken illegal connections, said officials.The SRFDCL wants floating restaurants at three places - between Vasna Barrage and Ambedkar Bridge; Ambedkar Bridge and Sardar Bridge; and Sardar Bridge and Nehru Bridge. But the corporation is not able to find a partner. The mantra of the SRFDCL, however, seems to be never to loose hope.BOX:In the past too, tenders were invited and Sabarmati River Front Development Corporation Ltd (SRFDCL) had received three Expressions of Interest to start a floating restaurant service on Sabarmati. It was in 2010 that the corporation had floated an EOI for restaurants and water sports at the Sabarmati Riverfront. It is the fourth time that the civic body has floated an EOI for starting the floating restaurant.Also during the Vibrant Gujarat 2009 and 2011 also some firms had shown interest in AMC's proposal of constructing and running the floating restaurants. But these MOUs also have not materialized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11983451", "title": "Hasan Ali\u2019s anticipatory bail rejected", "text": "HYDERABAD: A local court on Tuesday rejected the anticipatory bail petition moved by Pune stud farm owner Hasan Ali in the Passport Act case booked by the Central Crime Station (CCS) of the Hyderabad police.On Tuesday, the VIII Additional Metropolitan Sessions Judge of Nampally Criminal Courts Complex rejected the anticipatory bail plea of Hasan Ali in the case.Based on information provided by the Enforcement Directorate, the CCS police had booked cases against Hasan Ali under sections 177 (Furnishing false information), 420 (Cheating) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and section 12 (1) (B) of the Passport Act.The allegation against Hasan Ali was that when his passport was impounded, he applied for a new one on September 30, 2000 by giving his Banjara Hills address and naming his divorced wife Mehbubunnisa Begum as his spouse and secured a second passport (No. Z1069986).Hassan Ali is currently lodged at the Arthur Road jail, Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11986360", "title": "Power shortage, rising costs pull down pump manufacturers", "text": "COIMBATORE: The region's motor pump industry, which used to produce a large share of pumps in the country, is losing its hold, with production touching an all time low in the last 10 years. Manufacturers say the increasing power cuts, high cost of raw material, intense competition from other states like Gujarat and cheap imports from China are some of the factors that have contributed to the 30% reduction in production.Coimbatore used to manufacture 75% of the pump sets in the country, said Mahendra Ramdass of Mahendra Pumps Private Limited. However, now the city accounts for only 50% of total production.While Tamil Nadu endures increasing power outages, the pump sets industry flourishes in states like Gujarat where firms have grown with the support of the state government. Consequently, the cost of the product is lower in Gujarat. Even though they enjoy subsidies, the industry in Coimbatore is struggling with issues like high price of raw material, power cuts, labour problems and low demand.The ban imposed by the state government on drilling bore wells to check ground water levels has hit the demand for pump sets. As agriculture has also been hit in the state, the demand for the pumps has dipped, Ramdass said. Manufactures need to hike the prices of pumps by at least 30% due to the increase in the prices of raw materials. In the last three months, prices of raw materials have increased gradually, K Maniraj, president of Kovai Power Driven Pumps and Spares Manufacturers Association, said. This has cut down profits substantially. \"Cast iron which used to cost Rs 50 per kilogram has increased to Rs 60, copper has increased from Rs 500 to Rs 600 per kg,\" he said. A 30% increase in the price of raw material means that the price of pumps will have to increase to Rs 6,500 from Rs 5,000.Besides the unscheduled power cuts, increase in bus fare and increasing wages, adds to the woes of manufacturers. Maniraj said that if the selling price of pump sets is not increased, it would be difficult to sustain the business. There are 25,000 people dependant on the pumps and spare parts industry, he said. The city manufacturers are known for their quality products and services.There are 600 small manufacturers and 10 big manufacturers. The sector does a business of Rs 16 crore a day, with small and micro units doing combined business of Rs 8 crore a day. Smaller units produce pump sets from 0.5hp to 20hp capacity, while the bigger units produce sets of 50hp capacity.V Krishna Kumar, general manager of Aquasub Engineering and past president of Pump manufacturer association, Mumbai, said that the pumps are of high and superior quality when compared to any of the manufacturers in other parts of the state. However, cost advantage due to proximity to northern market and availability of raw materials helped manufacturers in Rajkot and Ahmedabad to provide the sets at a reduced cost when compared to that of those ones produced in Coimbatore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11983810", "title": "Gadkari projects Bharti as CM, creates chaos in BJP", "text": "LUCKNOW: Bharatiya Janata Party national president Nitin Gadkari's statement in which he reportedly projected party leader Uma Bharti as the chief ministerial candidate in UP assembly elections has created a flutter within the BJP.The opposition parties, on the other hand, got an opportunity to mock at the 'leadership crisis' prevailing in the saffron camp. Uma who belongs to Madhya Pradesh was brought to UP six months prior to assembly elections. Initially, it was said that she would only campaign for the party, but later she was fielded as a candidate from Charkhari assembly constituency in Mahoba district.Gadkari, while addressing a public meeting in Charkhari, reportedly said that UP would progress under leadership of Uma as Madhya Pradesh did during her stint as chief minister. \"She is a responsible leader and understands problems of the people,\" Gadkari was quoted by some agencies.While many in the BJP saw it as an attempt to woo backward class voters and revive the party in the Bundelkhand region, where it drew a blank in 2007, others interpret it as an attempt to sideline senior leader Kalraj Mishra and state president SP Shahi. Gadkari, who has the backing of RSS, has already ruled out possibilities of former UP chief minister and ex-BJP national president Rajnath Singh becoming chief minister of UP.He had said earlier that Singh is not interested in state politics anymore and will continue to contribute at the national level.Reacting to Gadkari's announcement, Kalraj Mishra clarified in Kanpur that as per the party procedure, the elected representative will meet after elections to elect their leader who will be chief minister in case party gets an absolute majority or leader of the legislature party or leader of the opposition depending on the number of MLAs.Interestingly, Gadkari had made a similar remark earlier while addressing a public meeting in Shahi's assembly constituency Patherdeva. tnnParty insiders said that national president has been saying that BJP is contesting elections under the joint leadership of senior leaders and the elected MLAs will elect the leader. But, they added, at the same time in order to mobilise support for the party, he is deliberately making such statements in public meetings to make local populace feel as if they are electing the chief minister of UP.However, Congress general secretary Digvijay Singh mocked at Gadkari's statement projecting Uma as the CM candidate. While addressing reporters in Kanpur, Digvijay laughed and said that he felt sorry for senior BJP leaders like Rajnath Singh, Kalraj Mishra and SP Shahi who are not considered by BJP's top leadership to be fit for the post of chief minister. Instead, he said, an 'imported candidate' Uma Bharti has been brought to UP from Madhya Pradesh, which was a poor reflection on the state leadership of BJP. \"Uma has failed to deliver good governance in Madhya Pradesh, how will be she be able to give good leadership in UP,\" Singh said. Singh also comes from Madhya Pradesh and was chief minister of the Congress government for 10 years, but was defeated in the 2003 assembly elections by BJP under Uma's leadership.Lucknow: Rashtriya Lok Dal (RLD) leader Jayant Chaudhary was let off the hook by the district election authorities in Mathura on Tuesday, a day after he was caught on camera accepting money from a party worker at an election rally in Goverdhan constituency of Mathura. Election authorities had served a notice to Chaudhary on charges of violating the model code of conduct.Additional officer (election), Govardhan, Rekha S Chauhan confirmed that the RLD leader's reply to the notice was found to be satisfactory. \"The reply has been found to be satisfactory. It will forwarded to the Election Commission soon,'' Chauhan told TOI.But even as the RLD leader got a reprieve, the fact remains that the top leadership of the Congress-RLD combine has received maximum notices from the ECI on charges of violating model code.In fact, among various senior Congress-RLD leaders facing ECI notice, only Jayant Chaudhary stands out. For, he is only one among the top Congress-RLD alliance leaders, slapped with a notice, who is contesting UP assembly election. This is unlike senior Congress leaders Rahul Gandhi, Salman Khurshid, Beni Prasad Verma and Digvijay Singh who are just campaigners. Interestingly, the candidature of an RLD candidate from Kairana was cancelled by the ECI on charges of double identity - and therefore flouting the model code of conduct.RLD in a statement released on Tuesday said the notice served to Jayant was irrational'' and that by accepting money from a worker for election management did not mount to violation of model code of conduct''.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "etah-etawah-mainpuri", "code": "11985331", "title": "Poor governance dogs Maya, past haunts SP in key phase", "text": "ETAH-ETAWAH-MAINPURI: Memories of Mulayam raj vs. failed governance of Mayawati. The competing sentiments are in full play in the Yadav heartland, with a looming question if fears over 'law and order' could hobble the Samajwadi Party in its den. Amid reports of a surge in the halfway voting to Uttar Pradesh assembly, the Samajwadi Party is faced with tough questions in the region where they hope to make strong recoveries to trump the Bahujan Samaj Party.The palpable sentiment against Mayawati's poor governance may rankle voters, weary of lack of industries or jobs or pilferage of official funds. But in its moment of truth, stray voices, across Etah, Etawah and the rest that is called Mulayam's pocketborough are found asking if \"safety\" and \"police being one phone call away \" has not been BSP's accomplishments. Such queries have encouraged the Dalit czarina to seek an anti-Yadav polarization, a gambit, if it pays off, that can surprise many. A talk to voters across the belt led to a rewind to the time when Samajwadis sat in police stations, land grabs were rampant and cops were threatened and abused.Observers say Mayawati may not be able to stem her losses but she could stall the kind of recovery SP is banking on. Mulayam had won six of eight seats in 2002, but slipped to two in 2007 while Mayawati won four. In nearby Etawah, which houses the SP chief 's native village, his party lost three of four seats.Across the rugged terrain, with vast rural landscape and pockets of urban bustle, SP, BSP and Congress have put in everything. Mulayam ended the campaign in Etah on Tuesday, while Rahul Gandhi made a last dash for a strongly-placed Vasu Yadav here, besides visiting Mainpuri twice in three days. SP scion Akhilesh came to Etah aday before.  Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11985735", "title": "78-yr-old woman holds bizzare ritual to mark Sivaratri", "text": "MADURAI: Devotees in large numbers thronged the local temples on the occasion of Mahasivaratri to offer worship to their family deities and also performed various rituals.In Srivilliputhur, the ritual of an old woman taking out sweets (appams) with her bare hands from boiling oil, which has been gaining much media attention in recent times, drew huge crowds. This annual ritual is performed at the Mudhaliarpatti Bathirakaliamman temple in Srivilliputhur. The woman, Muthammal (78), also undertakes a long fast in order to perform this bizarre ritual. She also went on a padayatra to the nearby temples in her region to seek the blessing of the deity.Muthammal has been performing this ritual for 47 years and she says that there is a need for one to be very pious in order to perform this act. She also claimed that she has never once been scalded by the boiling oil that would start bubbling when she starts depositing the appams.This year, the performance began with devotees singing a few devotional songs before the vessel was kept on the fire. Later, the ghee was poured into the vessel, in the presence of the temple priests. When the ghee started boiling, Muthammal dipped her right hand into it and drew out some ghee which she applied on her forehead and hands, as if it were holy ash.According to her, she received the divine calling to perform this work for goddess Amman in her dream. To this day, she does not know how she does it and believes that the goddess protects her against injury. She maintains silence while frying the sweets and talks only after the last one is taken out from boiling oil.Nearly, 1,000 sweets were cooked by her in a span of five hours from 11pm to 4am and the sweets were kept in baskets and offered to the deity. They were then distributed to the devotees who came from various places including Rajapalayam, Sivakasi, Sattur, Madurai among others.It is a belief among the people that their family deities like Muthiasamy, Karuppasamy, Sanglisamy and others are all forms of Lord Shiva and they come from various places to offer worship in their local temples. At the Kochadai Muthaiasamy temple, devotees came with bag and baggage and stayed overnight inside the premises. Alagarkoil was another temple that drew large crowds from many southern districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11983942", "title": "Maharashtra used up 1193 MW more power in winter", "text": "MUMBAI: The mercury dipped to record lows on several days this winter, but contrary to expectations, power consumption in the state didn't register a simultaneous fall. Rather, demand in Maharashtra increased by 1193 MW in seven months since the peak of summer.The state consumed 18145 MW of power in December 2011, much more than the 16952 MW in the peak summer month of May 2011. This increase, besides being an indication of growing prosperity, is a warning sign for the critical four months of summer that lie ahead.Power experts say overall demand is now on the rise with expanding townships, increasing per capita income and thus consumption leading to more gadgets, besides the increasing industrial and commercial needs. \"If the speed of generation doesn't keep pace with the growing demand, there could be a crisis in the state,\" analysts said. Power expert Ashok Pendse said demand rises by almost 800 MW in the state every year and 180 MW in Mumbai. Mumbai alone will require another around 500 MW by 2014 due to township expansions, state estimates show.A senior energy sector consultant, who worked with MERC earlier, said the increase in demand is inevitable. \"With increasing access to power, the trends in electricity use are also changing as people use more and newer gadgets. Demand has been increasing for several years but the rise this year is indicative of the future. To counter such a large demand, new power infrastructure should be built by 2030 with super-efficient material,\" he said. \"However, there are still no regulations on which wiring or electrical materials should be used to achieve better efficiency in new buildings,\" he lamented.As far as power generation is concerned, issues like coal shortage, bureaucratic delays in setting up new plants, funding issues, less generation in existing power plants, and lack of realistic or cost-representative tariffs need to be seriously looked into, he said.Moreover, power demand no longer depends on the season. Analysts said till last year, the demand in May and December were almost equal but since with overall demand increasing, the seasonal difference may not remain a key factor in distribution. Earlier, demand was less during November, December and January, which would result in more efficient supply and reduced load-shedding in semi-urban and rural areas. \"Earlier, demand in summer on an average used to be double that of winter, but winter has closed the gap in recent years. This is indicative of the overall increasing demand,\" said Pendse.A power ministry official said poor rainfall and high summer temperatures in certain years played a key role in power consumption. The agriculture sector in the state needs around 5000 MW of power everyday. \"Sometimes, low temperature in summer leads to lower demand, making May's demand almost equal to or sometimes lesser than in winter,\" said an official.However, Pendse said since the level of water in wells and lakes has been going down due to the shrinking ground water level, farmers prefer agricultural pumps of higher capacity. \"Even though the state has separated power supply to farms and villages to reduce quantum of load-shedding in rural areas, the pumps draw power continuously, thus burdening the supply,\" he said. Pendse added that industry too has increased its consumption of power.Month demand (MW)Dec 11 18,145Dec 10 16,553Dec 09 15,386Dec 08 14,778Dec 07 15,125May 11 16,952May 10 16,615May 09 15,304May 08 14,192May 07 14,891(Source: MSETCL)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11983912", "title": "SC issues notice to Jayalalithaa in 1992 DA case", "text": "NEW DELHI: At a time when Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa is opposing the Centre's move to set up National Counter-Terrorism Centre (NCTC) by supporting the angry voices of other non-Congress chief ministers, the CBI on Tuesday challenged a Madras High Court decision quashing an unaccounted wealth case of nearly Rs 3 crore against her.A bench of Justices Altamas Kabir and S S Nijjar issued notice to the TN chief minister after additional solicitor general Harin Raval pointed out that there was no delay on part of the CBI to prosecute her, a ground taken by the HC to bring curtains over the proceedings.The CBI's appeal, filed through advocate Rajiv Nanda, claimed that the income tax authorities had as far back as 1995 notified the government about the alleged mismatch between the gift and donors, raising suspicion about the source of the money received in 1991-92 through 90 demand drafts - one DD for $3 lakh and other 89 for over Rs 2 crore.The CBI took over the probe in August 1996 and claimed that between 1990 and 1992, Jayalalithaa made huge deposits into her banks, all shown as gifts from persons with whom she had or intended to have some business relationship. The CBI had filed a chargesheet against Jayalalithaa and two others for criminal misconduct under Sections 11 and 13 of the Prevention of Corruption Act.Jayalalithaa had challenged the trial court proceedings on the ground that the case was political vendetta. On September 30, 2011, the HC quashed the proceedings against her saying there was inordinate delay on the CBI's part because of which the case kept hanging since lodging of the complaint on October 2, 1996 till the filing of chargesheet on July 31, 2006.Raval argued before the SC that the HC erred in coming to the \"delay\" conclusion as the case lingered more because of procedural delay which could not be termed \"inordinate\". He said there was enough merit in the case to warrant Jayalalithaa's prosecution and that was the reason why the trial court on April 12 last year had refused to discharge her and other accused.On probing the bank details, CBI found out that the remittance of $3 lakh was by way of a demand draft issued by Bankers Trust Company, New York drawn on a bank in Channel Islands, a known tax haven. The money was first converted into Indian currency before being deposited on January 22, 1992.Explaining the delay, the CBI said investigations had to be conducted in three countries -- the US, UK and United Arab Emirates . Despite the investigation getting complete on December 21, 2001, the file was forwarded to attorney general in March 2003 and was received back in August 2004. The chargesheet followed only in July 2006 once the necessary sanction came from the competent authority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11989055", "title": "Ferdous Ara to perform for Maitree Bandhan", "text": "Ghazal will meet Nazrul Sangeet as Pankaj Udhas and Ferdous Ara perform on February 24 at Prinsep Ghat for Maitree Bandhan...How important is it for you to perform for Maitree Bandhan in the context of your musical career?It is extremely important for an artiste like me. This TOI initiative has opened a new window for all of us. I am looking forward to presenting songs from the huge repertoire of Nazrul Sangeet at the concert in Kolkata.Why do you insist on saying Nazrul Sangeet instead of the Nazrulgeeti, the term popular in Kolkata?This is a trend we have begun in Bangladesh now. We prefer to call it Nazrul Sangeet rather than Nazrulgeeti. The term, geetikar, usually refers to songwriters. Sangeet, in contrast, has a much larger connotation. It is all-encompassing. Sangeet er moddhye acche sur, chhanda ar jantra. One has to understand that Nazrul is not just a writer of one particular kind of songs. He has written songs for plays. He has penned short stories. He has created raags, taal and chhanda. He has also been renowned as a film composer. He directed and acted in movies. So, for someone who breathes the works of Nazrul, it is important to place him in a context that encompasses the gamut of his work in all its different forms.Not too many are aware of Kazi Nazrul Islam's contribution to film music...Yes, that's true. Just after the advent of talkies, there was this system of amalgamating scenes and referring to it as cinema. By amalgamating 29 scenes, one such film was made. It was called \"Jalsa\" and Kazi Nazrul Islam had composed the music for this film. In 1934, he and Satyendranath Dey directed a film titled \"Dhruba\". Again, the music was his composition. Thereafter, he composed for many other Bengali movies. One of his most prominent film composition works was based on the adaptation of Tagore's Gora.What kind of a response did this on-screen combination of Tagore and Nazrul generate then?There was a lot of interesting reactions about this synergy. Nazrul had composed the music but there were forces which didn't want this synergy to happen. So, when the film was about to release, these forces tried everything in their capacity to stall the movie's release. Finally, Nazrul decided to take up the issue with Tagore himself. What was interesting was Tagore's reaction when Nazrul met up with him. He said that if a person of Nazrul's stature was composing music for Gora, he didn't want to correct anything in it. He gave his stamp of approval to this project.What kind of initiative do you want to be taken to popularise Nazrul's work globally?I keep on travelling around the globe with my music. Often I am asked why, despite our earnestness and skill, it has taken so long for the global audience at large to come to know about us. I feel, somewhere we lack in exposure despite the amount of work that we are doing. In this context, TOI's initiative is commendable. It will help in the global awakening towards Nazrul. It is important not just to take Nazrul to the connoisseurs of art but also to the younger generation. I am convinced that these Bengali youngsters, including those who live abroad, have a strong connect with their roots. They need to understand and be exposed to Nazrul's works. They need to know how much of a versatile luminary he was. From bhatiyali, kirtan, Islamic songs, bhawaiya gaan to shromik mojurer gaan, shyama sangeet, traditional songs and patriotic numbers, he composed it all. So many people know about the \"De de pyar de pyar de\" number. They should also know that it is derived from his \"Allah megh de pani de\". The onus is on all of us to generate awareness about his work. I am happy that efforts are being made in the US to set up a Nazrul chair in one of the varsities there.Since Nazrul has himself composed for films, didn't you wish to follow the same path?When I first performed at a programme in Bangladesh, it was screened live. Hearing me on the programme, director Azmol Huda Mithu came to the television station with two offers. One was to act in a film. The other was to do playback. But, I didn't take up either of them. I have been getting offers to work in Tollywood too. But I haven't managed to bring myself up to accept them. Recently, Lopamudra Mitra and I were performing in Kansas City. After my concert, author Samaresh Majumdar came up to me and said he loved my rendition of kirtan gaan. He rued the fact that we hadn't met earlier and requested that I should do some work in Bengali films. I smiled and said there is an age for everything and I am happy with what I am doing. I guess, I am too immersed in the world of Nazrul Sangeet to think of other career options now.Any unaccomplished dreams?I want to cut an album someday recording all the film songs of Nazrul.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11984766", "title": "CBI team visits four encounter spots", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of top CBI officials headed by additional director of the probe agency, Salim Ali , reached the agency's office in Gandhinagar on Tuesday to take stock of investigations in four fake encounters - Sohrabuddin Sheikh , Tulsiram Prajapati, Ishrat Jahan and Sadiq Jamal.This visit is being seen as a significant development in CBI's probe into the four controversial encounters, since for the first time such senior officers of CBI have paid a visit to Gujarat to supervise the encounters, since CBI took over Sohrabuddin investigation in 2010. CBI sources said: \"Among all these cases, Tulsiram is a top priority since the second extension for investigation granted by the Supreme Court concludes by March end.\"On Tuesday, Ali along with DIG of CBI V V Lakshminarayana and other officers of the 20-member team visited the four spots connected to the encounters. \"Local officials of these places along with other senior officers of Gujarat police who were connected with the encounters' investigation earlier were asked to be present during the visit,\" said a CBI official.First the team went to Banaskantha district where Tulsiram Prajapati had allegedly escaped from police custody while travelling by train to Jaipur and also to Chhapri in the same district where the Rajasthan-based history-sheeter was gunned down. Then the CBI team went to Ilol where Kauserbi is believed to have been cremated by accused cops in the Sohrabuddin fake encounter.After completing this first round of visits, the probe agency's team then met behind closed doors at a guest house in Ambaji. Gujarat police officials were kept out of the meeting. \"All the spot visits were video recorded and the senior CBI officers also sought information from the local police on what they had found during initial investigation,\" said CBI sources.Later, in the evening the CBI team went to Arham farm where Sohrabuddin and Kauserbi were allegedly kept in illegal detention by Gujarat police.On Wednesday, the CBI team will visit four other spots connected to Ishrat, Sadiq and Sohrabuddin encounters. - Narol circle from where the crime branch's team had allegedly chased Ishrat's car, Kotarpur water works where Ishrat and three others were gunned down in 2004, Narol circle where Sohrabuddin was killed in 2005 and also to Galaxy cinema in Naroda where Sadiq Jamal was killed in a fake encounter in 2003.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11986276", "title": "Students seek admission to write exam", "text": "MYSORE: Tension prevailed in front of the DDPU office following a protest by a group of students attached to different PU colleges demanding admission to write an exam on Tuesday.They have been barred from writing an exam following attendance shortage. The main exam for first pre-university commences from Wednesday. Over two score students along with their parents came to the DDPU office seeking permission to write the exams. They were backed by Kannada activists.DDPU H Krishnaiah told TOI that the exam for first PU students will be held between February 22 and March 3 and those who do not have 75% attendance have been restricted from writing the exam as per the rule.The students however withdrew the protest after the authorities denied them permission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "karimnagar", "code": "11983614", "title": "CPI backs formation of separate state", "text": "KARIMNAGAR: Communist Party of India (CPI) supports bifurcation of Andhra Pradesh, announced party general secretary A B Bardhan. He said his party would not hesitate to fully support the bill on formation of separate Telangana state if it is introduced in Parliament.Addressing the 24th CPI state conference, which began at Circus Grounds here on Tuesday, Bardhan said CPI had changed its ideology on united Andhra in support of Telangana as it is convinced that it is a genuine demand of four crore people of the region. He alleged that both Congress and BJP were duping the people of the region with their false promises on the issue.The CPI veteran said the people are vexed with burgeoning corruption in the country and would teach a fitting lesson to Congress. He said common man is suffering because of the price hike in essential commodities but the government has done precious little to alleviate the problems of the people.While huge crowds thronged the meeting venue, thousands of party activists from various parts of the state came to attend the four-day conference. The conference will conclude on February 24, with the election of new state body of the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11983651", "title": "Pay Rs 5L to ragging victim: HC to Veda Pathasala", "text": "HYDERABAD: The TTD found itself in an embarrassing situation when the AP high court on Tuesday directed the authorities to pay Rs 5 lakh compensation to a student of TTD's Veda Pathasala at Tirumala in connection with the ragging and physical abuse by senior students.The victim, a junior student, was sexually assaulted by his seniors in the school. The court ordered the authorities to pay the compensation to the boy's family for the trauma they had undergone all these months. The court's order comes close on the heels of its earlier directive in which it had ordered the authorities to pay Rs 5 lakh compensation to another boy who was also abused physically by seniors.After the issue rocked the state, the court took the matter suo motu and appointed amicus curiae Naveen Rao to probe the activities in the Veda Pathasala. It also directed the authorities to provide medical assistance to another boy of the school, who was allegedly abused by his seniors.In another case, the High Court imposed Rs 5,000 fine on the state government for not filing its counter to a petition that charged the state with inaction in controlling the mushrooming of statues in public places in an unlawful manner.A bench comprising chief justice Madan B Lokur and Justice P V Sanjay Kumar while dealing with a petition filed by TDP leader Ch Ayyanna Patrudu ordered the state government to submit a report within two weeks on the erection of statues of late political leaders without permission in busy public places in Visakhapatnam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11983229", "title": "CBI quizzes BSP MLA Ram Prasad Jaiswal", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on Tuesday questioned BSP MLA Ram Prasad Jaiswal at its headquarters here in connection with alleged irregularities in purchase of publicity material under the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM). Jaiswal, who arrived in his white BMW car this morning, was grilled by the officials for about seven hours over his 'involvement' in awarding contracts pertaining to purchase of information material, pamphlets, banners and display from over five companies that were reportedly owned by his close associates, CBI sources said.The BSP MLA from Deoria in eastern Uttar Pradesh, who came with his five close aides, was grilled about his association with sacked BSP MLA and former family welfare minister Babu Singh Kushwaha, an accused in the multi-crore NRHM scam, they said.Considered close to Kushwaha, Jaiswal allegedly used his influence in awarding the contracts relating to publicity material procured under the scheme to people close to him, the sources said.The CBI has found that the private firms considered close to Jaiswal bagged the contracts from state health society for publicity work at rates much higher than those charged by government agencies. On Sunday, the CBI had questioned Kushwaha. Earlier, he was questioned in December in connection with the murder of UP health officials that are allegedly linked to the scam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11983670", "title": "SpiceJet, DGCA asked to explain off-loading of differently-abled person", "text": "NEW DELHI: Taking suo moto cognizance of a differently-abled person off-loaded from a Spicejet flight, Chief Commissioner for Person with Disabilities has issued notices to the private airline and Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA).\"I have taken suo moto cognizance of the matter and issued notices to Spicejet and DGCA directing them to explain within 30 days as to what action they have taken to compensate Jeeja Ghosh (the victim) and also what steps have been taken to prevent recurrence of such incidents,\" Chief Disabilities Commissioner P K Pincha said.TOI had reported that Ghosh (42), a teacher at Kolkata's Indian Institute of Cerebral Palsy, was to fly to Goa on February 19 to attend a conference and deliver a lecture on bringing the differently-abled into the mainstream but was offloaded as the pilot refused to fly with her on board.\"Such incidents of harassment and humiliation were meted out to persons with disabilities in the past as well by various airlines,\" Pincha said describing the incident as \"unfortunate'.'In case the response of Spicejet and DGCA is not found to be satisfactory, he said, they will be asked to appear either in person or through their representatives to explain the matter. The airline is investigating the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11984771", "title": "Rs 10cr machine lying idle in BINP cathlab", "text": "KOLKATA: A modern cathlab armed with arguably the most expensive therapeutic instrument in the city is lying underutilized at the Bangur Institute of Neurosciences and Psychiatry (BINP). Despite having a digital subtraction angiography (DSA) machine - the only one of its kind in eastern India that could have revolutionized brain surgeries and modernized the treatment of cerebral strokes - operations can't be conducted at the cathlab. The reason: It has no anaesthetist.Even though three doctors take turns in treating patients, the idea behind setting up the cathlab has been defeated. It was meant to conduct research and carry out endo-vascular surgeries with the help of the DSA. Using the machine, which was installed at a cost of Rs 10 crore, it would have been possible to conduct neuro surgeries without opening the brain.\"Other than cutting down on the risks and hastening recovery, it would also have been possible to do surgeries more accurately. Neuro endo-vascular surgeries are the latest in neurology and we were working very hard to do it here. Hundreds of patients would have benefitted,\" said a BINP doctor.Launched last year, the cathlab witnessed intensive research on neuro endo-vascular surgeries. But despite repeated requests, no anaesthetist was appointed. As a result, not a single surgery could be conducted. Last month, department in charge Soumitra Ghosh was transferred to Malda Medical College, a move which has stalled research activities at the cathlab.BINP was hit by transfers of several senior doctors last month. It will take time for the hospital, which has 12 full-time doctors, to settle down with a new panel, admit the authorities. But it would tide over the teething problems soon, claimed director Asit Senapati. \"It won't be much of a problem for the new doctors to slip into the job. After all, it's about efficiently handling patients and reading the CT scan and MRI reports,\" he said.The leading neurology institute in the state has around six anaesthetists but none serves at the cathlab. They are too preoccupied in their respective departments to handle additional load, pointed out a doctor formerly associated with the hospital. \"We had sought an anaesthetist for the cathlab and pointed out that the DSA would be wasted if didn't have one. Unfortunately, nothing was done. The entire cathlab, in fact, is now stuttering without enough specialists,\" the doctor said.Junior doctors fear that the machine, which was installed at a cost of Rs 10 crore, could now turn non-functional. \"A lot of research and studies were going on at the cathlab for using the machine efficiently. You need specialized training to run it. Also, a new doctor may not be interested in pursuing that,\" said a doctor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11985681", "title": "Co-operative institutions of DK oppose tax move", "text": "MANGALORE: Co-operative institutions in Dakshina Kannada, numbering around 750, are up in arms against a move by the Centre to include them under the ambit of direct tax code (DTC). If implemented, the institutions will have to shell out 33% of their revenue as income tax, a move that co-operative institutions say will sound the death knell. These institutions of the district will shut down on February 25 as a mark of protest.Addressing mediapersons here on Tuesday, M N Rajendra Kumar and Konkodi Padmanabha, presidents of SCDCC Bank and Campco Ltd respectively, described the move to include co-operative institutions under DTC as retrograde. \"This may lead to a situation where smaller co-operative societies shut down completely,\" said Padmanabha. Speaking on why they are planning a protest, Kumar said the 33% income tax levy will be a big blow to most co-operative institutions.\"The government does not park its funds in co-operative financial institutions, nor does it trust the demand draft issued by us,\" noted Kumar. The central government, which should frame policies that are helpful to the co-operative sector, is trying to earn an extra pie from the very sector that has proved to be the lifeline for agriculturists across India, he said, adding that the district which has a rich history in co-operative sector is taking a lead in voicing its protest.Padmanabha said nearly 1,500 members of various primary credit co-operative societies will take part in the protest that will be staged at Town Hall on Saturday. MP Nalin Kumar Kateel will take part in the protest meeting, he said, adding that Ravindranath, a chartered accountant from Shimoga, will explain the perils of DTC and its implications for the co-operative sector in general, and for institutions in particular.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11985850", "title": "18-year-old girl\u2019s body found in swimming pool", "text": "LUCKNOW: The body of an 18-year-old girl was found floating at a swimming pool on the lawns of a private bunglow adjacent to Don Bosco Institute Colony in Mohanlalganj police station area late on Tuesday night. The deceased was identified as Asha Kashyap, daughter of Holi Kashyap, a native of Bahraich district.The bunglow owner was identified as Raju K Dutt, who has an interior designing business in Dubai. Raju and his wife Meena Dutta frequently come to their house in Mohanalalganj whenever they come back from Dubai.Jeevan Kashyap, brother-in-law of Asha, who had been working with Dutts for the past 18 years had actually brought Asha for work with them about two-and-a-half years back.On Sunday morning, Asha went missing from Raju's house.According to Holi and his wife Bitto, Raju informed them about her daughter missing on Monday. It was after this that Holi and Bitto rushed to Lucknow only to be told by Dutts that body of Asha had been spotted in the swimming pool of the house.Subsequently, police was called after which the body was fished out. The girl, according to sources, was wearing a jeans and red T-shirt.However, the senior police officials till late in the night kept on giving contradictory information about the about the spot of incident. Besides, Mohanlalganj SHO's official mobile phone was switched off.Strangely, when contacted, circle officer, Tribhuwan Nath Tripathi, who claimed before TOI that he was standing on the crime scene said it a huge crater outside Don Bosco School.Despite repeated question that was there any relation with Dutts and the recovery of the body, the CO simply said that it was near the house of Dutts nothing else.However, when contacted SP (rural) Sri Krishna, who was busy in a meeting, quoted the cops that the body was found in the institute's swimming pool. When requested to re-confirm the spot of the crime, the SP (rural) called back only to tell that the body was found in the swimming pool.Interestingly, confusion continued further, as the SP (rural) once again came up with the confirmation at around midnight that the body had been found in school premises's swimming pool.The SP (rural) also confirmed that the body would be sent for post-mortem which would be conducted by three-member doctors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11986059", "title": "3 witnesses turn hostile in MGR kin murder trial", "text": "CHENNAI: Three eyewitnesses in the murder of Vijayan, a relative of former chief minister M G Ramachandran, turned hostile on Tuesday with all the three claiming that they did not directly see what took place.Vijayan, husband of MGR's adopted daughter Sudha, was hacked to death on June 4, 2008 by an armed gang on Turnbulls Road near the Kotturpuram bridge.On Tuesday, Joseph Francis of Dindigul, Srijith of Kerala and Rajendran of Kannagi Nagar here were examined as witnesses in the case. They were employed as security personnel at houses in the area where the incident occurred.In the course of his replies, Joseph said he had identified the accused persons at the identification parade only because police had shown him their pictures earlier. On being asked whether the iron pipe produced in the court was the instrument used in the attack, Joseph said he was not sure. At this point, special public prosecutor N Vijayaraj asked that he be declared hostile since his replies contradicted the statements in his deposition earlier.Srijith and Rajendran, too, said they did not know anything about the case. Principal district and sessions judge P Kalaiyarasan then adjourned the case to March 6 for further hearing.\"The judge permitted me to cross-examine them after they were declared hostile. Joseph said that he was shown an album by the police and not individual photographs, so he could not have identified the accused persons specifically. Rajendran, who had clearly narrated the facts during the police investigation earlier, did not have a basis for saying that he did not know about the case now,\" Vijayaraj said.He pointed out that the prosecution was \"totally relying on scientific evidence like DNA analysis, forensic evidence and voice samples\" to take the case forwarded. The motive was already established, he said. \"This is not the first time witnesses are turning hostile in the case. Senthil Kumar, who was reportedly in the car with Vijayan when the incident took place, turned hostile two years ago. Six witnesses have been examined so far. There are about 80 witnesses in the case,\" he said.The case was registered by the Kotturpuram police and later transferred to the CB-CID. According to the prosecution, the murder was due to an intra-family property dispute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11983367", "title": "Turf wars make one border-one force theory non-starter", "text": "NEW DELHI: \" One border-one force\" might be a fine principle to propound but it's simply not working on the ground in India, thanks to turf wars among various security agencies. The ministry of defence (MoD) and ministry of home affairs (MHA) have once again locked horns over the proposed deployment of BSF along the Indo-Myanmar border.The home ministry wants BSF to replace the Assam Rifles along the 1,643-km border with Myanmar , which has long been a hotbed for insurgents, smugglers, drug traffickers and poachers.But the MoD-Army combine is opposed to any move to pull back Assam Rifles - it administratively comes under the MHA as a central paramilitary force, but is under the Army's operational control - from the border to restrict it to just its counter-insurgency operations in the hinterland.The face-off had led to a bitter tussle between MoD and MHA last year, with the matter even reaching the PM-chaired Cabinet Committee of Security, but a workable solution was elusive, as was reported by TOI.After remaining in cold storage for some months, the dispute has flared up again with a series of meetings being held between top officials from MHA and MoD-Army but the unseemly deadlock persists, say sources.Army is blaming MHA for going slow on sanctioning the raising of 26 additional battalions of the Assam Rifles, which it underlines is much better geared to handle \"both external and internal security challenges\", with China's shadow looming large in the region.Assam Rifles is not getting land near the border to construct outposts, roads, tracks and helipads for additional troop deployment. The paramilitary force has over 65,000 troops in 46 battalions, with 31 deployed for counter-insurgency operations in the hinterland and 15 guarding the border.\"With 90% of its officer cadre drawn from Army and 30% of its troops hailing from north-east, Assam Rifles is better geared for both counter-insurgency and border management. It has been working seamlessly with Army in the region, stretching from border to hinterland, in intelligence-sharing and operations. BSF will find it an alien environment,\" said a MoD source.MHA, however, feels posts of Assam Rifles should be located closer to the border to effectively prevent infiltration and smuggling. Additional battalions can be raised if the force moves closer to the border, instead of sticking to its present \"company operating bases\" located at a distance, and comes under MHA's operational control. Conversely, BSF should move full steam ahead to raise 41 additional battalions for border management with Myanmar.There is a similar pattern along other borders as well. MHA has stonewalled the Army's proposal to take operational charge of ITBP, another of the seven central police forces, for better guarding of the Line of Actual Control with China in eastern Ladakh.India's long unresolved land borders with Pakistan and China continue to suffer from lack of synergy among various forces deployed in forward areas. This when the Group of Ministers' report on reforming the national security system had underlined the importance of the 'one border-one force' principle over a decade ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11986220", "title": "Rooting for mother tongue", "text": "SK Sanjana, a Class 5 student of a CBSE school, learns three languages in school. Her mother tongue Tamil is not one of them. Dr Sundarkumar , who chose Hindi as his daughter's second language and Sanskrit as the third, spends his weekends teaching Sanjana Tamil. \"I read Tirukkural and other Tamil literature to her. She reads Tamil fluently and if she has any problem with the meaning, we pitch in,\" Dr Sundarkumar says. Young couples have allowed Tamil to take a backseat in their children's academics because it is easier to score marks in Hindi or French than in Tamil. But at home, parents want their children to learn their mother tongue, and draw the essence of Tamil culture and tradition from literature. Many, like paediatrician Dr Priya Chandrasekar, whose daughters learn Sanskrit in school, buy Tamil children's magazines and CDs of Tamil rhymes and mythological stories. \"We speak in Tamil at home and also get a vernacular newspaper for her to read daily. This is the only way she will know about our culture,\" says Dr Sundarkumar. Young couples who opted for other languages when they were in school now arrange for private tuition to teach their children their mother tongue, because they want their children to enjoy the books they couldn't when they were children. Says Nidhi Selvan, a Hindi teacher in a CBSE school in the city, \"About a decade ago, parents used to opt for Tamil as the second language and make their children learn Hindi from private tutors. It is the reverse now.\"Parents say that with Chennai becoming more metropolitan every day, they want to be sure that children absorb the values etched in Tamil literary works. R Jayakaran and his wife, in their mid-thirties , had two reasons for choosing Tamil as the second language for their daughter J Neha. \"We wanted her to learn Tamil as both of us know only Tamil, and it would be easy for us to teach her the language if she finds it difficult,\" says Jayakaran. \"We have learned several values from Tamil literature, and we hope that Neha will pick up some too.\"(With inputs from M Ramya)Saving A LanguageFebruary 21 was proclaimed the International Mother Language Day by Unesco's General Conference in November 1999 to promote linguistic and cultural diversity and multilingualism. According to the UN, more than 50% of the approximately 7,000 languages spoken in the world are likely to die out within a few generations , and 96% of these languages are spoken by a mere 4% of the world's population. Only a few hundred languages have been given pride of place in education systems and the public domain, and less than a hundred are used in the digital world. The date represents the day in 1952 when students demonstrating for recognition of Bangla as one of the two national languages of the then Pakistan, were shot and killed by police in Dhaka, the capital of what is now Bangladesh .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11983772", "title": "Maharashtra budget session from March 15", "text": "MUMBAI: The five-week long budget session of the state legislature will begin on March 15 and is expected to see a face-off between the government and the opposition on issues such as corruption and law and order.Deputy CM Ajit Pawar, who heads the finance ministry, will present the budget on March 26. This was decided in a Business Advisory Committee meeting in the Vidhan Bhavan premises in Mumbai on Tuesday.This will be CM Prithviraj Chavan's second budget session after taking over in November 2010 in the wake of the Adarsh scam.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Rail Budget 2012 \u00bb Pre Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012 \u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11984833", "title": "Congress bluffing people on MOI, says Trinamool", "text": "PANAJI: The Trinamool Congress (TC) state unit president Wilfred de Souza, a former chief minister, on Tuesday alleged that the Congress party was bluffing the people on the medium of instruction issue.The Congress recently released its election manifesto that it would stick to its decision taken on May 25 to give parents the choice to choose the medium of instruction for their wards. Addressing mediapersons on Tuesday, de Souza said that the Congress was indulging in double-speak on the issue.\"The Congress government told the high court on July 18, 2012, that it was seeking a stay on its cabinet decision to give grants to primary schools who switched to English as medium of instruction. Now, the Congress government is trying to prosecute 105 schools for changing over to English as medium of instruction,\" de Souza said.De Souza further asked parent teacher associations (PTAs) and parents of school children not to fall prey to pre-election promises of the Congress and the Bhartiya Janata Party (BJP) on the issue as both parties kept changing their stances to suit the situation.\"Both parties have shown how they change their stances. Trinamool Congress is firm right from the start that government grants will be given to all primary schools irrespective of the medium of instruction,\" the Trinamool state unit president said.De Souza further said that the Trinamool Congress would scrap the Regional Plan 2021 if it comes to power. \"We will start the planning process afresh, and will take into views suggestions of the people before preparing a new plan,\" he added.Assembly elections news 2012Goa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11986001", "title": "Foreign lawyers can arbitrate: HC", "text": "CHENNAI: Foreign law firms and lawyers cannot practise in Indian courts, but they cannot be debarred from conducting arbitration proceedings or providing outsourced services such as consultancy, the Madras high court ruled in a landmark judgment on Tuesday.In its 77-page order, the first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam said: \"To advocate a proposition that foreign lawyers or foreign law firms cannot come into India to advise their clients on foreign law would be a far-fetched and dangerous proposition and in our opinion, would be a step backward when India is becoming a preferred seat for arbitration in international commercial arbitrations.\"Disposing of a public interest writ petition seeking action against foreign law firms and foreign lawyers illegally practising in India and to forbear them from doing litigation as well as non-litigation commercial transactions, the first bench of the court said: \"Foreign law firms and foreign lawyers cannot practise the profession of law in India on the litigation and non-litigation side. However, there is no bar on them from visiting India for a temporary period on a 'fly in and fly out' basis. Moreover, foreign lawyers cannot be debarred from coming to India and conducting arbitration proceedings in respect of disputes arising out of a contract relating to international commercial arbitration.\"The bench further said many accountancy and management firms were employing law graduates to render legal services, by exploiting a loophole in the Advocates Act and Bar Council of India Rules, which do not have any curbs to regulate such activities. The judges asked the Bar Council of India to address this issue and take an appropriate decision.A R L Sundaresan, senior counsel for petitioner A K Balaji, submitted that no person who is not enrolled as an advocate under the Advocates Act would be entitled to practise in any court in the country.M Ravindran, additional solicitor-general of south India, and P Chandrasekaran, representing the Centre, submitted that if foreign law firms are not allowed to take part in negotiations, settling documents and arbitrations in India, it would have a counter-productive effect on the Centre's aim to make India a hub of international arbitration.In their order, the judges further said, \"Cross-border transactions and investments (by Indian private sector) would give bigger opportunities for members of the legal fraternity to better equip themselves to face challenges.\"Noting that Business Process Outsourcing (BPO) companies providing wide range of customized and integrated services would not be covered by the Advocates Act and the BCI Rules, the judges said that in the event of any complaint, the BCI may take action against the erring companies.Agreeing that in the event of an Indian company entering into a transaction with a foreign company, the latter would need legal advice, the judges said for such a purpose if a foreign law firm or a lawyer is permitted to fly into India and fly out after advising the client, it could not be prohibited. \"The corollary would be that such foreign law firm shall not be entitled to do any form of practice of Indian law either directly or indirectly,\" the judges said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11983693", "title": "Monorail in Mumbai: Jacob Circle run likely only in June next year", "text": "MUMBAI: While commuters can expect to ride the monorail between Chembur and Wadala in the next six to eight months, they will have to wait till June next year for the route to be extended to Jacob Circle. as it has several hurdles to be surmounted.Work on extending the corridor up to Jacob Circle has slowed down owing to the relocation of a temple, said officials associated with the project. \"We have been given the permission to shift the temple, but work has not started,'' said an official of the Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA), the implementing agency for the ambitious project. The project, said MMRDA officials, said will have to be given a new thrust for the civil work to be completed at the earliest.The first monorail line was originally planned from Jacob Circle to Chembur via Wadala. However, work on the 20-km corridor was divided into two parts due to obstacles in the development of the route up to Jacob Circle.The first part was the 10-km corridor between Chembur and Wadala and the second the route from Wadala to Jacob Circle. Work on the Wadala-Jacob Circle corridor had run into trouble as there were many closely-packed residential buildings. The presence of a few heritage sites and the Arthur Road jail also proved to be stumbling blocks.The monorail project is being financed and implemented by the MMRDA with L&T; and Scomi of Malaysia being the builder and operator .The next six months will see the construction of 105 metres of steel view cutters on the monorail route along Arthur Road Jail for security proposes. These cutters will block the view of the Arthur Road Jail .There will also a 15 metre tall watch tower to keep watch on the area.The view cutters and tower are expected to cost Rs 1.86 crores and will be ready in the next five months. The view cutters were advised by the jail authorities as it is a maximum security prison and was housing the terrorist Ajmal Kasab . The cutters will keep commuters from looking into the jail as they are 13 metres from the ground level.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11986151", "title": "Mumbai businessman's Swiss accounts under scanner", "text": "MUMBAI: The fight between late businessman Devendra Ahuja and his son Vikram over division of assets and crores in bank accounts has caught the attention of government agencies. The income tax department and Enforcement Directorate have started a probe into Vikram's Swiss bank accounts and a financial consultant who facilitated it.An income tax report says Vikram Ahuja fraudulently got the entire balance in his father's account in UBS Bank, Singapore, transferred to his account in Credit Agricole Bank. \"Dev Ahuja's bank statements corroborate that such transfer took place,'' the report said. The ED says Vikram's Swiss bank accounts had around Rs 43 crore in September 2008.However, Vikram denied maintaining any Swiss bank account. In an email reply, he said his father and sister Tania had maintained the accounts and the allegations were baseless. But the I-T report says, \"Vikram's denial can at most be branded as a natural defence made by a person who knows the acceptance of the same would implicate him as a tax evader and which has penal and prosecution implications.\"Devendra Ahuja was the managing director of the erstwhile 20th Century Finance and had strained relations with his wife and Vikram. He died in August 2010, leaving most of his properties and assets to his daughter Tania, who is married to actor Bobby Deol.The I-T department found details of Vikram's accounts when they raided Devendra in May 2010. An affidavit filed by Devendra says that in August 2008, Vikram forced him to travel to Singapore though he was ill. At the UBS Bank there, Devendra gave the authority to close his account and transfer the balance to Vikram's account. I-T is in the process of gathering information from the Swiss authorities.The affidavit dated August 5, 2010, says that Vikram earned huge money in share dealings in 2000-01 which he did not want to bring to India. \"He made me open an account and held my general power of attorney of this account. He made me revoke the power of attorney in 2001, when he sensed some proceedings were being initiated under the Foreign Exchange Regulation Act (now defunct) due to the securities scam.'' Vikram denied this and says that it was his father who was summoned by the Joint Parliamentary Committee for his involvement with share broker Ketan Parekh. The securities scam related to manipulations in the stock market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11984157", "title": "TMC ropes in Tollywood stars", "text": "Noida Candidate Woos Bengali Migrants, Promises Change In CityNOIDA: For the first time ever, a political rally in western Uttar Pradesh echoed in Bengali. Kicking off the party campaign for the upcoming assembly polls, the Trinamool Congress candidate for the Noida assembly seat, Sanjay Chatterjee, addressed a gathering of supporters armed with two Tollywood stars along with party members Tapash Pal and Shatabdi Ray.Addressing a crowd of about 100, mostly Bengali migrants, TMC candidate Sanjay Chatterjee explained that the party was aware that it was a relatively unimportant player in the complicated world of Uttar Pradesh state politics, but its entry into the state's assembly election was a part of a larger plan to emerge as a national party. \"Every vote counts. On the day of the election come vote for us. Mamata Banerjee is a leader who has fought for the rights of the common man in Bengal and she will continue to do so in every place in the country where people have faith in her,\" said Chatterjee.After registering a landslide victory in its home state West Bengal, TMC is hoping to make a mark for itself in UP saying that even if the party won a single seat, that would be enough to give TMC a voice in the state assembly.\"In UP, no political party has required the credibility to talk about the corruption. But we have a leader whose image is clean, so our campaign is bound have influence over people. What have the Mulayam and Mayawati governments done for the holistic development of the state? We are going to raise this important question in the assembly elections,\" said Dr Kakoli Ghosh Dastidar, TMC Lok Sabha member. \"Some people might dismiss our chances in UP, but I want to tell them that if we could come to power in West Bengal following the three decade long rule of the Left simply by virtue of our dedication to development, we can make changes in UP as well,\" she added.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11984460", "title": "Five Jaipurites in Desert Storm 2012", "text": "JAIPUR: Youngsters from Pink City are proving their driving skills in international motorsport arena. Three Jaipurites - Amit Kuchal, Vishnu Singh and Jai Kumar - are in the category of endure, time speed, distance (TS) 'Desert Storm 2012', in the cross-country motorsport rally which started from Delhi on February 20 and will end in Ahmedabad on February 26.Two others Aabhishek Mishra and Jai Kumar, are taking part in the extreme class (fast drive system), of the rally which will pass through Bikaner, Jaisalmer, Barmer, the Great Rann (Gujarat) and Bhuj, covering a distance of 3,000 km. Well-known drivers from across the country are participating in the event in around 150 vehicles.Amit recently bagged first place at the 'Royal Rajasthan Rally' and participated in the 'Raid De Himalaya'. Vishnu a newcomer in motorsport, got second place in the 'Royal Rajasthan Rallly'. Jai, also a newcomer, finished second in 'Royal Rajasthan Rally' in the car class category. Aabhishek a very good biker in the racing circuit, started his racing career in 2004 and has won several bike and car races throughout the country. He had participated in desert storm rally three times and won the first place in 2010.Raj Rathore, well-known rally driver, started his career in 1993 and to promote motorsport in the state, he is also running a motorsport club - Thar Motorsport. He has also won many bike and car racing events in the country.There are two categories for four-wheelers in the rally - Endure (TSD Time Speed Distance) and Extreme Class. In Endure, the winner is decided according to minimum penalty points and in the Extreme class, the winner is decided on minimum time and maximum speed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11983931", "title": "Polytechnic comes under scanner for RTI imbroglio", "text": "LUCKNOW: A government polytechnic not following the order of the State Information Commission, which was about the recovery of the fine, from the principal of the institute, paints a grim picture about implementation of RTI in Uttar Pradesh.The office of the principal of Gobind Ballabh Pant Polytechnic, Mohan Road, Lucknow issued two letters under the same dispatch numbers, regarding the recovery of fine which was slapped on a former principal of the institute by the State Information Commission in April 2009.While, one of the letters, issued by the principal's office to the cashier, directed for the recovery of the fine, from the salary of AK Bajpai, the then principal of the institute, by November 2011, another letter, issued under the same dispatch, has directed for the recovery of the fine by December 2011.The two letters also bear the same date, November 26, 2011. The fine was imposed on the polytechnic, under the social welfare department, after it did not provide the information sought by RTI applicant Urvashi Sharma in 2007. A fine of Rs 25,000 was slapped on the then principal of the institute, for failing to provide information on time.The applicant did not get the desired information, even five years after she made an application under the Right to Information (RTI) Act. The commission slapped the fine and disposed of the matter in April 2009. However, it was another RTI query, regarding the letters, issued by the polytechnic, all through this period, which brought out the anomaly to the fore. The polytechnic provided the copies of two letters issued under the same dispatch number, and on the same date.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11984596", "title": "Bomb scare at high court", "text": "KOLKATA: Chaos ruled at Calcutta high court after a bomb scare on Tuesday. Around 1.30pm, a briefcase was found in the corridor with 'S M box' inscribed on it. Police were informed and cops with sniffer dogs reached the spot at 3pm. Probe revealed that it belonged to a lawyer. Nothing suspicious was found in it. when an abandoned briefcase was noticed on the corridor of the second floor. Nothing incriminating was found inside it, though, and it was identified as that of an advocate of the court.But there was initial panic when it was found abandoned around 1:30 p.m. Written in red atop it were the words 'S.M. Box'. The police was immediately informed and cops from the bomb squad arrived with sniffer dogs at 3pm. However, nothing was found inside the briefcase after a thorough search. The advocate whose name was written on the briefcase was contacted and it was returned to him.NBSTC workers' stir: Transport workers launched an agitation at the Malda depot of North Bengal State Transport Corporation (NBSTC) over their salary on Tuesday. Earlier, the depot in charge Goutam Dhar had promised to pay the salaries by February 20 but the workers were not given their dues. Worse, Dhar confessed that the chances of paying the salary by the end of this month are bleak as the depot is running on losses. The workers have not been getting paid since December last year.Citu leader Nurul Islam said, \"We are toiling hard to generate income out of NBSTC. Earlier, the income was Rs 14 per km which has now increased to Rs 16.45. But it isn't adequate to pay the workers even 25% of their December salary.\" He also alleged that Dhar had failed to keep his promise.Guards' institute: Purulia will soon get the country's first security guard training institute, for which 30 acre has already been earmarked at Jhaldah. The project, a joint venture between the Centre and the state, has been christened as the Centre of Excellence of Security Guards. Officials feel students will get salary up to Rs 8,000 after passing out from the institute. The Centre has allotted Rs 1 crore for this project. and local MLA of Jhaldah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11986149", "title": "Govt ready for talk on NCTC", "text": "LUCKNOW: With the chorus against the formation of National Counter-Terrorism Council turning louder, government on Tuesday said it is ready for a dialogue to remove any misgivings or concerns of states opposing it.Union Telecom and HRD minister Kapil Sibal said each state is already represented in the central council of NCTC and if there was any misgiving, the Centre would remove it through dialogue. \"If they have any concerns, there is no problem in having a dialogue...If there is any misgivings, no problem, we can have a dialogue but all that is being done by the central government for counter terrorism operations,\" Sibal told reporters.Explaining the rationale of setting up the NCTC, he said the powers that were earlier with the central government have been given to the NCTC for counter-terrorism operations. \"There is a central council of NCTC. The Director and three joint directors of NCTC and the heads of the anti-terrorist organisations or forces of each states are represented in it.\"So each state is represented. And they look after the overall activities of the NCTC. So this is the rationale of moving forward,\" he said. The opposition to NCTC has grown louder with at least 13 states, including West Bengal headed by UPA ally Trinamool Congress , voicing concerns about the formation of the body, which they claimed is usurping the powers of states and disturbing the federal structure. Sibal said, \"I was also not aware of the details of the NCTC and came to know of it only recently\".On the proposed meeting of the group of ministers scheduled for tomorrow to discuss giving statutory backing to model code of conduct by which cases of its violation would be tried by the court instead of the Election commission, he said that he was not aware of the agenda. \"I am on the GOM but I am not aware of the agenda. It so happens that bureaucracy makes certain proposals and sometimes we discuss them while at others we reject them\", he said.The minister presented a list of names of BSP leaders facing criminal charges against whom the state govenment initiated proceedings to withdraw cases. \"I have never seen government trying to withdraw charges of rape and extortion and this is the manner in which this government has been functioning\", he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11985961", "title": "Power shutdown on Thursday", "text": "CHENNAI: Power supply will be suspended on Thursday from 9am to 5pm.T Nagar: Arcot Rd, Thanigachalam , Daniel St, Saravana Street.Choolai: Part of Sydenhams Rd, Deppo St, P T Mudhali St, Part of Sami Pillai St, A P Rd, Hunters Lane, General Collins Rd, Madex St, V V Koil St, Kuravan Kulam, Subbaha Naidu St, Outdoor &amp; Indoor Stadium, Apparao Garden, Periya Thambi St, Andiyappan St, Anandha Krishnan St, P K Mudhali St, Choolai.Vadaperumbakkam: Ponniamman Medu, Sasthri Ngr, Thanikasalam Ngr, V O C St, Karbagam Ngr, Varadharaja Ngr, Cellaiya Ngr, Munusamy Ngr, G N T Rd, Sri Ram Salai, Vasudavan Garden, Prakash Ngr, Vidya Ngr, Gandhi Ngr, Sangai Ngr, Devagi Ngr, V G P Santhosh Ngr, Annapooran Ngr, Majestic Colony, Srinivasa Ngr, Nataraj Ngr, 200 Inner Ring Rd, Red Hills Rd, Lakshmipuram, Vinayagapuram.Thiruverkadu: Thiruverkadu Co-Op Ngr, Goparasanallur, Mooventhar Ngr, Pillaiyarmadanthangal, Ashok Nandavanam, Ishwarya Garden, P H Rd, Saveetha Dental Hospital, K G P Ngr, Rani Anna Ngr, Perumalagarm, Kendriya Vihar, Vada Noombal, Noombal Rd, Abirami Ngr, Mahalakshmi Ngr, K P S Ngr, Sundaracholapuram, Paruthipet, Kaduvetti, Veeraragavapuram, Parivakkam, Avadi Rd.Anna Nagar 6th Avenue: Z,G,I,S,V,U,T,Q,R,M,N blocks, P&T; quarters, Udayam Colony, Vasantham Colony, Iswarya flats, 18 &amp; 20th Main Rd, Garden View Apartments, Tower View Colony, Police Quarters, A C Qrts., SI Qrts., Ambedkar Ngr, New Avadi Rd, Royal Enclave, Lotus colony, Krishna Colony, Victory colony, Bougainvilla Aparts., Annai Sathya Ngr, Mullai Ngr, Thendral Colony, Thangam Colony, Thirumoolar Colony.Thiruvottuiyur: T H Rd from Sugam Hospital to Ernavoor flyover, E H Rd from Bharathiyar Ngr to Pattinathar koil, Jeevanlal Ngr, Manickam Ngr, Anjugam Ngr, Thiru Ngr, TSR Ngr, Bharath Ngr, Ramakrishna Ngr, Ambethkar Ngr, Around Jothi Ngr, Raja Shanmugam Ngr.Chembarabakkam: Nazarathpet, Agarmel, Meppur, Malayambakkam, Bye- pass Rd, Nazarathpet, Varadarajapuram, Chembarambakkam.Guindy: Industrial Estate, Tiny sector, Achuthan Ngr, Labour Colony Guindy, Arulayampet, Reddy st, Parthasarathy koil st, Ambal Ngr, North phase, Poonamallee Rd, Electronic complex, Inner ring Rd, Ekkattuthangal.R A Puram: MRC Ngr, Foreshore Estate, Gandhi Ngr, PRO Quarters, R K Mutt Rd, Rani Meyyammai, Satyadev Avenue, Raja St, Robertson Lane, Vaniyampathi St, Raja Garmini Garden, KVB Garden, May Flower Garden.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11984510", "title": "28% of city's medical waste left untreated", "text": "GURGAON: In Gurgaon, it is estimated that every hospital bed generates close to 2kg of medical waste. This category of waste includes expired medicines, used syringes, and other organic biomedical waste products, severely hazardous if not treated with due process. And according to a report published recently in Gurgaon on medical waste management, at least 28% of the medical waste generated on a daily basis is not being properly treated. ,\"All this medical waste generated is not being treated by registered facilities on a daily basis,\" the report, compiled by the Associated Chamber of Commerce and Industry (Assocham) says, adding that a similar trend can be witnessed in other cities of the country.With Gurgaon emerging as a health hub, and medical infrastructure expanding each year, the problem of medical waste also needs addressing. \"Gurgaon is likely to face a formidable problem of managing medical waste by the year 2020, as the number of hospitals as well as waste generated here multiplies,\" said an Assocham representative.The report also pointed at the lack of medical waste treatment facilities in the city. \"Most hospitals, nursing homes and primary health centres do not have facilities for treatment of clinical waste at present,\" says the report. In India, around 15 lakh tonnes of medical waste is generated every day. ,As per the official norms, hospitals are required to hand over their waste to local municipal bodies in all cities including Gurgaon.But sceptics still worry about the quality of the waste management plans run by the administration. \"We have been given the following guidelines by the government. The first is to segregate %the waste right at the point of generation. The second guideline is to colour-code the waste packages according to the rules given out by the pollution control board. And finally, to hand to the waste only %to the private contractors listed and recommended by the government,\" said an operational manager at a Gurgaon hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11985648", "title": "Social cause: Retired bureaucrats help set up food testing laboratory in Indore", "text": "INDORE: A Centre-funded food testing laboratory is in the offing in Indore at the initiative of retired bureaucrats, who have come together for a social cause under an NGO - Centre for Consumer Protection Research and Awareness (CCPRA).The state-of-the-art laboratory, which would come up on the campus of Oriental University here, is expected to be functional within six months.\"The laboratory is being set up under the Food Safety and Standards Act 2006, and would be empowered with special surveillance powers to carry out testing and inspection of samples of food items across Madhya Pradesh,\" said a former IAS officer, K S Parmar, who is the organizer of CCPRA. He further said that since the laboratory would be accredited by the government of India, the report prepared by it would be valid in the court of law.The demand for the laboratory arose from the fact that Indore has become a hub of manufacturing and sale of adulterated food items. During festive seasons, the district administration and the civic body jointly carried out raids seizing large quantities of adulterated food items.\"This would be an added help to the authorities as the laboratory can suo motu collect samples and test them,\" said Parmar.Moreover, Madhya Pradesh being dry-port area, the food items meant for export and import can be tested at the proposed laboratory for a fee.\"Though, the laboratory would be solely funded by the ministry of food processing, the maintenance and running cost of it will have to be borne by the private Oriental University,\" he said.The CCPRA applied for the laboratory under a Union government scheme for setting up of food testing laboratory.\"We are happy to house the laboratory,\" said Dr Narendra Virmani, vice-chancellor, Oriental University. He assured all cooperation for setting up the laboratory. The scheme has a provision to allow a state government or any recognized university to set up the laboratory.\"In Madhya Pradesh, there is only one state laboratory for referral and food testing at Bhopal. So there was an urgent need for another one,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11984989", "title": "Kerala traders protest over FDI in retail", "text": "KOCHI: Traders across the state will keep their shutters closed on Wednesday to protest against the Centre's move to bring in foreign direct investment (FDI) in retail. The Kerala Vyapari Vyavasayi Ekopana Samathi has called for a state-wide protest and will stage dharanas in front of income tax offices in all districts. The traders will also take part in a protest march to Parliament against the government's move.Extending support to EVVES,The All Kerala Distributors Association (AKDA) stated that the move to allow 51% FDI in multi-brand retail and 6 % in single brand retail would lead to closure of traders and small scale retailers in the country. \"This would also lead to large scale unemployment ,\" said AKDA, general secretary, Aby Abraham.The Kerala Merchants Union (KMU) has announced their decision to join the protests. The merchants under the organization will keep their shops shut on Wednesday. \"Except for a few petty shops all almost all shops will remain closed. The hoteliers have all also extended their support,\" said K Venkitesh Pai, president, KMU.KVVES informed that though they shared the sentiments of EVVES, but they do not agree with the move to close down shops for a day. \"Though we support the cause, we will not participate in the march after closing down shops,\" said E B Biju, state secretary, KVVES.Meanwhile, the All Kerala chemists and Druggists Association informed the medical shops would remain open on the day. Antony Tharian, representative of the organization said, \"Though we support the cause of KVVES, we have decided to keep the shops open considering inconvenience caused to public.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11984508", "title": "CBI to probe death of three Baran girls", "text": "JAIPUR: Almost two and a half months after three girl students of Kendriya Vidhyalaya at the Civil Lines area in Baran town allegedly committed suicide, the State Women's Commission, terming the case as the \"most sensitive\" has asked CM Ashok Gehlot for a CBI probe.A month after the girls Ankita (16), Esha (17) and Gargi (17), students of Class XI, died from consuming some poisonous substance, their parents on December 14, 2011, had met the chairperson of the commission, Professor Laad Kumar Jain and asked the commission to probe the matter on their own.The commission, in its report, on Tuesday said the matter does not appear to be of suicide and possibly somebody provoked the girls to consume poison. \"The common suicide note found at the spot, as claimed by the Baran police, is also suspicious as three girls can't think alike and collectively commit suicide.\"The report also questioned the police why the girls, when they started throwing up and fell unconscious, were admitted to a private hospital instead of a government hospital. \"It has also been found that those who got the girls admitted to the hospital did not inform the police,\" an officer bearer of the commission said, quoting the report.The report also demanded the reason why police did not record the statement of one of the girls, who succumbed after two hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11985651", "title": "Rs 18 crore building, purpose yet unknown", "text": "NAGPUR: The massive building near the old Indian Airlines office in Civil Lines will be inaugurated by union commerce minister Anand Sharma. The patent information system (PIL) - previously housed at the CGO complex at Seminary Hills - has shifted to the Rs 18 crore building. Rechristened as National Institute of Intellectual Property Management (NIIPM), the building remains only for namesake.The original plan of the office - that comes under the ministry of commerce - was to come up with a state-of-the-art training institute on patents and intellectual properties. Even as the building is ready to be occupied, a decision on the proposed purpose, awaits to be taken. Currently the 35,000 sq ft of built up area has only 35 employees working in it. As for now, the building would be used for a course on patent inspection for 250 departmental employees.According to sources in the department, the building is a part of the vision document prepared for the department in 2005. It was also supposed to house a modern training centre offering degree and diploma courses in intellectual property rights. The plans included having a full-time faculty and also inviting experts from abroad. This was supposed to be done during the 11th five year plan and it is the last year of the plan period.A plan also envisaged to have a think-tank which would evolve ideas for the degree and diploma courses and other activities of NIIPM. Since the think-tank has not been formed yet, the institute continues to be a far cry, said an official on the condition of anonymity.Sources admit that everything else should be ready by the time the building is inaugurated, but due to the top brass' indifference towards the project this will not happen now.Delays marred construction too, as the National Building Construction Corporation, which took up the assignment in 2007 finished it in 2011. Ideally it should have been done within a year, said the source.The aim of having the NIIPM in Nagpur was to salvage the importance of the office here. Set up in 1980s PIS originally is the storehouse of all the patent-related documents. Documents as well as CDs related to over 10 lakh patents, both Indian and global, are stored here. There are offices in Mumbai, Delhi, Kolkata and Chennai where the patents were registered with a copy being sent to Nagpur. The practice stopped after the documents were made available on internet, hence PIS lost its importance.But, short-term training programmes continued to be conducted here. Ironically now there are plans to shift all the documents stored here to an archive department planned in Ahmedabad and the offices are yet to come up at NIIPM.Sources say that departmental officers are also not keen to be posted at the NIIPM as it would lead to leaving a power wielding job at the patent registration offices for an administration cadre.The residential quarters for the existing staff and the proposed manpower for the NIIPM has also not come up. The CPWD has identified land at Seminary Hills but the work has not started yet, which is also one of the reasons for the delay, said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11988033", "title": "Govt encourages IT cos to focus on emerging markets", "text": "KOLKATA: The government is encouraging Indian IT companies to focus on emerging markets for steady growth in the sector, Ministry of Commerce joint secretary J K Dadoo said here today.\"The emerging markets offer huge potential and they are growing very fast. Indian companies, specially small and medium, should focus at new markets and emerging markets,\" Dadoo said.He was speaking at Electronics and Computer Software Export Promotion Council's (ESC) curtain raiser for IndiaSoft 2012.Latin American countries, Middle East and Africa are among a few destinations and these have expanded in excess of 20 per cent in 2010-11, he said.Dadoo said Director General of Foreign Trade will be meeting software companies on February 23.ESC chairman S Radhakrishnan said the B2B show will be held at Hyderabad between March 21-23 and some 400 delegates are expected to participate from 60 countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11984810", "title": "Battered baby to be weaned off ventilator", "text": "NEW DELHI: Doctors at AIIMS will gradually wean the two-year-old battered baby off the ventilator so that she can resume breathing on her own.The baby has been on ventilatory support since the time of her admission to the hospital on January 18.Doctors on Monday conducted the fifth life saving surgery on her after no infection was found present in her brain.\"It has been over a month and she is still dependent on ventilator as she cannot breathe on her own. This is not a good sign. That is why we have decided to gradually remove her dependence on ventilator,\" neurosurgeon Dr Deepak Agarwal, who is treating the baby, said.The child was brought to the hospital in a battered state with severe head injuries, broken arms, bite marks all over her body and her cheeks branded with a hot iron.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11984538", "title": "NCP MP Sameer Bhujbal unaware of party resignations", "text": "NASHIK: Three days after city NCP chief Gajanan Shelar resigned from his post after getting defeated by party rebel Sanjay Chavan in the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) elections, Nashik Lok Sabha MP and NCP leader Sameer Bhujbal claimed that the party had not received any resignation from Shelar.\"Who has said that he has submitted his resignation? We have not received any resignation from the Nashik NCP city chief or from other party workers. When we receive it, we will see what to do about it,\" said Sameer. He said he was not aware of the meeting of Nashik NCP workers with deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar and also that he did not have the list of the 222 party workers who supposedly resigned from their posts.Shelar had resigned from his post in the backdrop of the party's loss in the NMC elections on February 16, also alleging dirty politics at Bhujbal Farm without the knowledge of Chhagan Bhujbal. Shelar had also alleged that crimes were being encouraged and criminals shielded by Bhujbal's close aides. Shelar's supporters, including those from Maharashtra Pradesh Rashtravadi Vidyarthi Sena said the workers had resigned from their posts but not from NCP.At a meeting of all the party workers on Monday, February 20, two days after Shelar resigned, his supporters decided to meet deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar and other party bigwigs to talk about their resignation. \"Within a few days, the picture will be clear to us. We will be having more meetings with party bigwigs,\" said a party worker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11985698", "title": "NMC publishes gazette notification of 145 corporators", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has completed the lengthy 50-day election programme with the final step of issuing gazette notification of the 145 elected corporators. With this, corporators elected on February 17 have been declared as officially elected.The State Election Commission had declared the election programme on January 3 bringing code of conduct into force. After the counting process, the code of conduct came to an end on February 18. On Tuesday, municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal issued the notification after publishing it from the Government Press. Copies of the notification have also been sent to the corporators.With this, NMC has started the final phase of formation of the new civic body. NMC has sent letters asking corporators to register their groups with divisional commissioner BV Gopala Reddy. \"Parties have to register their groups for weightage in the standing committee and five consultative committees as per provisions in Local Authority Members' Disqualification Act, Maharashtra 1987. A group/party claiming nine corporators will get a member in the 16-member standing committee, the financial decision-making body in the NMC,\" said an NMC official.The number of members in the consultative committees may range from minimum of five to maximum of nine. Accordingly, the group/party has to claim members in the committees. It is very crucial as members have to elect the chairman. Besides, members in the standing committee too have great importance. The party/group may register within 30 days from the date of issue of gazette notification.In 2007, BJP had registered Nagpur Vikas Aghadi (NVA) and claimed 66 corporators of total 136. Of these, 56 were BJP corporators, three from Lokmanch, one of Muslim League and six independents. Though the Shiv Sena was with BJP in a pre-poll alliance, BJP kept the Sena out of the group so Sena could get one member in the standing committee.The Congress had registered Secular Democratic Front with its 30 corporators and five independents for a total of 35. Two other groups - RPI Aghadi and Bahujan Republican Ekta Manch - were also registered by the smaller parties while Sena, NCP, BSP and MNS registered their parties.Of total nine independents, three of them including Parinay Fuke, Yogesh Gonnade and Kamlesh Chaudhary, did not join any group and were registered as independents. So, NVA had got eight members in the standing committee followed by SDF - 4, Sena and NCP - 1 each, RPI Aghadi - 1 and Bahujan Republican Ekta Manch - 1.As per sources, BJP has finalized its group and will register it on Wednesday. Similarly, Congress and other parties will register as per groups or individual parties. For next five years, all work will be carried out as per these groups.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "goa", "code": "11984768", "title": "Consumer forum meet", "text": "GOA: The Raia civic and consumer forum (RCCF) will hold its monthly general meeting of consumers on February 26 at 4pm at Our Lady of Snows High School, Raia. The meeting will focus on various civic and consumer issues such as infrastructure for health and sanitation, road safety, transport, disaster management, village panchayat committees, garbage , senior citizens, etc, besides, and a new system of booking/delivery of LPG cylinders.The Jesuit Fathers of Pedro Arrupe Spirituality Centre, Raia, will organize a Bible study course to understand the 'Gospel of John for our times'. This course will be organized during the season of Lent at various locations Jesuit House, Panaji, every Monday (7pm to 8pm) from the February 27 to April 2; every Tuesday (6.30pm to 7.30pm) from February 21 to March 27 at Rosary Chapel, Caranzalem; and every Thursday (6.30pm to 7.30pm) from February 23 to March 29 at St Britto High School, Mapusa. Entry is free. For details call on 8805570108, 2858323/2776917, or email at deepenyourfaith@gmail.com.'World understanding and peace day': The Rotary Club of Panaji, in association with JCI, St Inez, will commemorate 'World understanding and peace Day' on the occasion of its anniversary by organizing a poster competition on the theme of 'World peace' for school children of Class V to X. Schools from Panaji can conduct the competition in their respective schools and submit their entries to the organizers, states a press note. There will be cash prizes and trophies for the best posters and certificates to all participants. For details, contact Subhash Sajane (Ph: 9503601575) or Sandeep Heble(Ph: 9326129171).Hungarian Artist to participate in Art Camp: The Art Indulge Foundation in cooperation with the Hungarian Information and Cultural Centre, New Delhi (HICC) and the International Centre Goa (ICG) will be hosting a 10-day art residency from March 2 to March 12 and a five-day art holiday in Goa from March 7 to March 12 at the International centre, Goa. 10 acclaimed artists from Hungary have been invited to the art residency at Goa headed by the vice president of the European Federation of artist's colonies, Imre Szakacs. The five-day art holiday is a concept of art promotion designed by the foundation will be held at the same venue. Vrishali Raje, Anita Tiwari, Prabha Kashalkar have been selected for the art holiday at Goa.Members get an opportunity to intermingle with foreign artists, exchange skills, share career and life experiences in an open atmosphere of the art holiday. Paintings made in the camp will be exhibited on the final day art show titled 'Intrigued by India, the Zephyrs of Goa' followed by art shows in Mumbai and New Delhi. Call 9765404391 for details.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11984179", "title": "Gate tragedy: No negligence, say cops", "text": "MUMBAI: Two days after a schoolboy was crushed under a 200-kg gate of a public playground at Malwani, few children could be seen playing there. The deceased, Himesh Panikar (10), had been swinging on the gate when it came off from its hinges and crushed him on Sunday.Minutes earlier, several other children too had been swinging on the gate and the casualties could have been higher had the kids not left, the police said.On Tuesday, the broken portion of the gate placed in a corner. \"It was an accident and no negligence charges can be framed,\" said a police officer. Himesh, a Std V student, was the younger of two siblings; his father, Jayesh has a food stall in Andheri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11984454", "title": "NGO, school kids plant trees in city", "text": "GURGAON: A city-based NGO, Utthan, in collaboration with schools and corporates is conducting a plantation drive at various intersections in the city. One such drive was conducted by Lotus Valley School at Sector 56 traffic intersection on Tuesday. A group of 14 students along with the school principal and a school teacher visited the spot and planted trees.The NGO is being provided areas on road dividers and triangles near intersection for landscaping and planting trees by Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) and Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG).NGO president Sanjay Kaushik said Lotus Valley School was with them to develop and maintain few patches on Sector 56 main road and Sohna road central median.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11986104", "title": "HSC board exams: Colleges fail to set up vigilance committees", "text": "MUMBAI: Last year, the state board had introduced the concept of a 'Vigilance Committee' to be set up at every board examination centre in the city, but to date most schools and colleges have not implemented the plan; many are not even aware of its existence. The aim of the committee was to crack down on cheating cases. According to the state board's circular, examination centres were supposed to form a committee comprising the principal, teachers, parents and an education official.A principal from a junior college in Byculla said: \"Last year, the state board had sent us a circular, but this year, nothing has shaped up. We were not told anything about setting up these local vigilance centres.\" Another school also added that even though they were informed about the committee in a meeting, but they had not received the circular.Other schools and colleges in south Mumbai, too, were of the view that the board was to set up the committee, and said they were not aware that it was their responsibility to put a team together. \"We thought it was secret vigilant committee that would be set up and operated by the board itself,\" said a school principal.Ravindra Bhise, divisional board secretary, told TOI that schools had been informed in advance: \"We also reminded the schools in a meeting conducted 15 days prior to the examination and are expecting them to follow the rule.\" Fr Francis Swamy, principal of Holy Family High School, Andheri (E) said: \"The committee had been recommended by the state board and it is the duty of the schools/colleges to put it in place. We make it a point to keep reminding our teachers to be vigilant during examinations.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11984929", "title": "Trained by Pak Major, he made Kolkata his home", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pakistani spy Kamran Akbar alias Attar has told interrogators that he enjoyed a hotline with a Major of the Pakistani military intelligence unit, whom he referred to as 'Major Chauhan'. But officials say Chauhan could be the code name of a Pakistani Armyman.Akbar also told interrogators that more spies are waiting on Pakistani launch pads to be pushed into India. They have been assigned the task of gathering information on India's military and nuclear installations.'Major Chauhan' recruited and trained him in every military tactic, including decoding secret army documents, befriending officers and handling equipment. Sources say he has received over Rs 2 lakh in his Union Bank of India account from Pakistan-Saudi Arabia route, which he uses for travelling and other expenses.Akbar was a petty thief in Karachi till he was invited by his Indian uncle Mohammad Salim, who went to Pakistan in 1990, to come to India and help him steal a coffin stashed with gold biscuits from the basement of an old house in Goa. He was presently working as a driver in Kolkata.And it has now emerged that Akbar had close ties with the Bengal capital. Arriving in the city on a valid Pakistani passport in 1992, he went to Goa on a wild treasure hunt with two of his acquaintances and in the process got sucked into the underworld.He was released from prison after serving a term for committing robberies in 1996 but by then his travel papers were seized. Akbar, however, banked on his relatives to help him sneak out through the Bangladesh border. He returned to Kolkata in 1997. His plan worked better than expected and he procured a one-month visa to return to Pakistan using the name of Arif Hossain.Once he was trained in intercepting military code words, he began staying near Kolkata port, an area inhabitaed by a floating population where hiding one's identity is easy. He even set up a garment business at the Fancy Market area of Khiderpore. Sources said living a second life in Kolkata came easy. For example, Amir Reza Khan, an important IM member grew up in Beniapukur's Mafidul Islam Lane and graduated from a well-known college in Kolkata.His terror links went largely unnoticed till 2001. Amir is believed to have left Kolkata immediately after his brother's arrest, leaving his wife and daughter behindOfficials say that Military Intelligence (India), RAW and IB officials are questioning Akbar to know about his sources who leak him information.More spies are waiting on Pakistani launch pads to be pushed into India. They have been assigned the task of gathering information on India's military &amp; nuclear installations, Akbar confessed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11984385", "title": "NMC won't, so cops create dividers to ease traffic", "text": "NASHIK:The city police have created new dividers to streamline traffic at Mahamarg Bus Stand at Mumbai Naka, despite the fact that it is the duty of the municipal corporation.On Monday, the traffic cops got some concrete blocks from the Ashoka Construction company and put them up in front of the Mahamarg Bus Stand near Mumbai Naka. Police Inspector Pravin Kulkarni of the traffic department informed that the concrete blocks would work as dividers on the road opposite the Mahamarg Bus Stand.There is a constant rush of vehicles at the said spot with vehicles often found moving on to the other lane while overtaking other vehicles. The concrete blocks will at least help to ensure that motorist drive their vehicles on their respective lanes.About 350 outstation buses arrive and depart from the Mahamarg bus stand daily. Since the stand is very close to the Mumbai-Agra National Highway and the old Mumbai-Agra Road, which has become an important traffic junction in the city. Traffic chaos is the order of the day in this location.Further, over the past few years, many commercial complexes have come up around the Mahamarg Bus Stand, which has left no scope for road widening. The road is further shrunk by the presence of hawkers, private buses standing near-by, kiosks, and the rush of rickshaws and so on, with ST Buses either entering or exiting from the stand, on a regular basis. frequently.The Mumbai bound buses while leaving the Mahamarg bus stand, have to cross the road to go towards the Mumbai Agra Highway, while the buses that arrive from the Central Bus Stand and enter the Mahamarg bus stand also have to cross the road that blocks the traffic of one road completely.Though this issue cannot be solved immediately as an underpass seems to the only solution, the concrete blocks put up by the police will at least confine vehicle in their respective lanes, if they do not have to cross the road. There is also a demand from motorists that the private buses that halt there to pick up passengers should also be removed. Quite often private bus operators pick up passengers from near the Mahamarg bus stand adding to the congestion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11983571", "title": "Man electrocuted while trimming tree", "text": "HYDERABAD: A 35-year-old worker was electrocuted while trying to trim branches of a tree extending on to the road at a house in Keemti Colony of Tarnaka on Tuesday. The victim was identified as Yesobu of Tarnaka.On Tuesday morning, he along with another worker Basheeruddin were hired by Madhusudhan Reddy of Keemti Colony to clean his water tank and chop off tree branches extending on to the road.While Basheeruddin started cleaning the water tank, Yesobu climbed the tree to chop the branches. He accidentally came in contact with a high-tension wire passing through the tree, OU inspector P Ashok said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11984523", "title": "Sarvajanik Vachnalaya polls to be held on March 5", "text": "NASHIK: The five-yearly elections of the Sarvajanik Vachnalaya (SaVaNa), the oldest library in the city, will be held on March 5. Forty eight candidates are in the fray for 18 posts. Two panels will be contesting the elections, the MS Aurangabadkar's granth premi panel and Madhukar Zende panel.It'll be a straight fight for the chairman's post, while four candidates will contest for two posts in the elections for the vice-chairman, informed one of the contestants from the Junnare-Aurangabadkar panel. The executive board has 43 candidates contesting for 15 posts. While the Junnare-Aurangabadkar panel has already declared their candidates, the Zende-Beni panel still has to declare its candidates.From Junnare-Aurangabadkar panel, Prof Vilas Aurangabadkar will be contesting for the post of chairman while, Naresh Mahajan and Vasudeo Dashputre will be contesting for the post of vice-chairmen.For the executive body, Ramesh Junnare, Col Anand Deshpande, P Y Kulkarni, Milind Jahagirdar, Abhijit Bagade, Suresh Gaidhani, Girish Natu, Vivekanand Umrani, Arvind Bele, Devdatta Joshi, Jayant Mondhe, Nandan Rahane, Swati Tokekar, Saral Dharankar and Vinaya Kelkar will be contesting.Zende-Beni panel was to declare its contestants after the final list on Tuesday, but Shrikant Beni said that they have not yet finalised the list.Sharad Ashtaputre of the Zende-Beni panel is the contestant for the post of chairman while Chandrakant Mahamine and Satish Bora are candidates for the post of vice-chairman, the other candidates are yet to be finalised.Apart from these two panels, 13 candidates would be contesting the elections independently. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11988434", "title": "Irrfan Khan to make film on his father", "text": "Irrfan Khan plans to turn director soon with a film based on the life of his father Late Sahabzade Yaseen Ali Khan. During the shooting of Pan Singh Tomar, Irrfan broke down on location thrice , leaving the unit stunned by his open display of off-camera emotions.Khan confessed to this newspaper, \"Paan Singh in some strange and inexplicable way reminded me of my father, the late Sahabzade Yaseen Ali Khan. He was a zamindar. He conveyed in his personality the same arrogant valour as Paan Singh.\"\"Initially, I didn't understand why the role was affecting me so much. I've played many characters that have consumed me and owned me. But none like this,\" added Khan.Talking about the similarities between his father and Pan Singh, Irrfan said, \"The same love for valour and adventure, outdoor spirit and most importantly, the fearlessness. My father was a soldier and hunter by nature. Once, he fell and his ankle was swollen. He brushed it aside and kept hobbling back home. It was later discovered that there were six fractures in his leg.\"Khan wishes his father had lived long enough to see him playing Paan Singh. \"My father would've loved to see me in this get-up.\"Irrfan has now embarked on a journey to rediscover his father's life and put it on celluloid.\"I can think of no better way to honour my father's memory,\" said Khan emotionally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11983667", "title": "Depressed over brother's death, teen hangs self", "text": "MUMBAI: A 16-year-old girl committed suicide by hanging herself from the ceiling at her Tembipada home in Bhandup (W) on Monday. The junior college student, Priya Sharma, was depressed since her brother's death on February 16 last year, said the police.Priya was alone at home when she took the extreme step.The girl's father, Jaiprakash, owns a general store in Bhandup (W) and her mother had gone to the shop, leaving Priya at home. No suicide note has been found.\"The girl was close to her brother Dinesh, who died of prolonged illness. She had been crying since Dinesh's first death anniversary,\" said senior inspector (Bhandup) Shrirang Nadguada.In his statement, Jaiprakash said, \"We returned home in the evening and found the door to our house locked from inside. We repeatedly knocked on the door but Priya did not respond. I broke open the door with the help of my neighbours and found Priya hanging from the ceiling hook.\" The family rushed Priya to a hospital, where she was declared dead before admission.Jaiprakash said, \"Priya was very close to her elder brother. Dinesh's death affected her the most and she went into depression. Priya had been inconsolable since Dinesh's first death anniversary, but we never thought that she would take the extreme step. Now, we have lost both our children.\"Nadgauda said Jaiprakash and his wife had tried to counsel Priya, but in vain. \"The girl used to tell her parents that her life was meaningless after her brother's death,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11984465", "title": "Industrial expo returns to Nashik in eleventh edition", "text": "NASHIK: The preparations for the 11th edition of NIMA Index-2012, a mega industrial expo being organized from Feb 24 to 27 by the Nashik Industries and Manufacturers' Association (NIMA), are now in the final stages, said Dhananjay Bele, president, NIMA.NIMA is organizing the expo with an aim to provide a platform for direct interaction between buyers and sellers and provide opportunities to all types of industries to display their products. NIMA has also organized a business to business (B2B) meet between small and large industries. The B2B meet will be on Feb 25 and 26.\"The four-day mega event, which is in its 11th edition, will be held on a sprawling nine-acre ground at Dongre Hostel, along Gangapur Road, and will see around 270 small and large industries from across the country in attendance. The stalls will be put up in two categories - Covered Carpeted Prefabricated Stalls (CCPS) and Covered Open Space (COS) in different sizes. Around two lakh people from business and trade are expected to visit the expo,\" an office-bearer from NIMA said.\"Preparations for the expo are in the final stages. Many companies have already confirmed their participation in the expo, while the rest of the stalls are expected to be booked in a day or two. Nima Index is a major triennial event organized with the objective of providing a platform for direct interaction between buyers and sellers and providing opportunities to all types of industries, traders, service providers and professionals to exhibit all their products and services,\" the office-bearer added.Stalls are to be divided into different categories - machine tools, instrumentation and machinery, hardware, tools and equipments, automobiles, spares and sub-contracting, electrical, switchgear and equipments, IT, software development and computer, electronic and instrumentation, non-conventional energy equipments, rubber, plastic, fibre and allied products, packaging and machinery and healthcare equipments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11985732", "title": "Power cuts will not affect bypoll, says EC", "text": "MADURAI: Power cuts will not affect the Sankarankoil bypoll as the EVMs are powered by batteries and there will be rechargeable and petromax lamps on standby in case of emergencies, said chief electoral officer, Praveen Kumar .Kumar, who was in Tirunelveli to oversee the bypoll arrangements held discussions with the district collector R Selvaraj, election officer and tahsildar Ramachandran and other officials. He also met with the representatives of various political parties.Later, speaking to media persons, he said that all government functions and distributions of welfare measures in Tirunelveli and Tuticorin districts had been stopped as the model code of conduct was in effect. Places where the government's 'freebies' were kept have been sealed. Graffiti on walls in the corporation and municipality limits would not be allowed, while political parties are allowed to use the walls of buildings in villages with the consent of the owners.Kumar said that 10 mobile patrol teams had been formed and the personnel would ensure that the voters are not bribed with money, biryani or any other material. He said that individuals will be allowed to carry only Rs 20,000 cash into the constituency and anything between Rs 20,000 to Rs 2 lakh need to have valid documents and produced, whenever required. Kumar further said that any cash above that amount would be seized and will be returned only after the income tax department clears it.The electoral officer said that each candidate will be allowed to spend only up to Rs 16 lakh. \"Only booth slips and voter IDs would be valid for voting as there had been a 100% distribution of IDs in this constituency. There are 242 booths and 1,256 persons would be deployed on poll duty including 20% on reserve. Paramilitary forces would be arriving on poll duty and all outsiders should leave the constituency by 5 pm on March 16,\" Kumar added.He said that posters and banners should not be erected in the districts to celebrate the birthday of chief minister. Ministers, who participate in the campaigns should not use government vehicles and officials accompanying ministers on campaign duty would be suspended, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11984098", "title": "BSP giving patronage to tainted netas politicians: Kapil Sibal", "text": "LUCKNOW: A day after Kanpur administration lodged an FIR against Congress leader Rahul Gandhi for violating the model code of conduct, Union telecom minister , Kapil Sibal accused chief minister Mayawati of patronizing politicians with criminal antecedents.\"Mayawati came to power promising to put criminals behind bars. However, since she became the CM, her government has been quietly withdrawing criminal cases against her party MLAs and MPs who have charges of kidnapping, rape and murder. It all started in May 2007 when she was sworn as the CM and is still on,\" said Sibal told reporters. The Bahujan Samaj Party , however, rubbished the Sibal's allegations and said it was the only party which took action against legislators who were found guilty of anything wrong.Sibal presented a list of nine case studies to prove his point. The said list includes BSP state president Swami Prasad Maurya. \"The state government wants to withdraw a case against Maurya in which he has been charged with attempt to murder,\" said Sibal. He added that when a lower court in Rae Bareli rejected the application, the state government moved to the court of the district judge which directed the court to consider the case again. The case was filed by a head constable Ram Surat Upadhayay in 1987 who was posted in the fire services department.Sibal's list also included the names of BSP MPs Dhananjay Singh and Kadir Rana. \"A history sheeter, Singh's election from Jaunpur had been controversial with one of the rival candidates found dead,\" said the list released by Sibal. Regarding Rana, the document said, \"Kadir Rana and 20 others were booked in connection with arson and rioting following the arrest of his nephew Shahnawaz Rana and charged with attempt to murder and rioting. The government filed application for withdrawal of application which was rejected by the Muzaffarnagar court\".Among others named in the list are Bikapur MLA Jeetendra Singh Babloo, Bijnore MLA Shahnavaz Rana, Sahaswan MLA DP Yadav and Bilsi MLA Yogendra Sagar. Sibal further alleged that Mayawati government used registration and withdrawal of criminal cases as a means to tackle MLAs from the opposition. \"In at least two cases, the government ordered withdrawal of criminal cases registered by its own government against Samajwadi Party MLAs when they changed their loyalties. These are: Hamirpur MLA Ashok Singh Chandel and MLA from Kanwar Sultan Beig,\" said Sibal.Rubbing Sibal's claims, BSP spokesperson said, \"Half the MLAs and MPs whom Sibal referred to are not a part of BSP. Our leader Mayawati has ousted all those with criminal antecedents.\" He also cited the example of BSP leader Umakant Yadav who was arrested from his residence and sent to jail.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11984904", "title": "Adani seals Rs 900cr land deal in Mumbai", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Having bought two acres of prime land in Versova in Mumbai for Rs 900 crore recently, the Adani group is close to sealing a deal to buy 100 acres worth Rs 300 crore in Surat for its upcoming realty projects.A group subsidiary firm plans to build 7.5 lakh sq feet space that includes over 500 residential units and commercial space at the plot next to the proposed 4 Bungalow metro station in Versova. The Ahmedabad-based company purchased the land from Housing Development and Infrastructure Ltd and will start construction within two months.\"Apart from Ahmedabad, where we are developing a fullfledged township, we have planned forays into Mumbai, Delhi, Surat and Kochi, where we have invested Rs 150 crore in land,\" says a company executive.The group has so far invested Rs 5,000 crore in its real estate projects. Earlier this month, Adani Enterprises announced its plans to focus on its capital intensive core businesses while Adani family will take over the realty business.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11984459", "title": "Unending wait to reach Hazur Sahib from Punjab", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Paying obeisance at the Hazur Sahib in Nanded of Maharashtra for the people from Punjab is increasingly becoming an unending wait.A person travelling by Sachkhand Express between Amritsar and Nanded and Ganganagar-Nanded has to wait for at least 84 days to get reservation.Air connectivity being repeatedly sought by airlines from Chandigarh is not possible till the city airport starts functioning earlier than 8.30 in the morning. Airlines are learnt to have approached authorities for allowing flights earlier than 8.30 am to connect Chandigarh with Nanded, Jasbir Singh Dham from the Hazur Sahib Management Committee told The Times of India on Tuesday.He has quoted chairman of the management Dr PS Pasricha asking the railway ministry to convert the weekly Ganganagar-Nanded train into a daily one. Dr Pasricha has also suggested running two Sachkhand Express trains on the same day to reduce the waiting list. The only way to reach Nanded urgently is to take a flight from Delhi early in the morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11985671", "title": "New vented dam may be ready by 2013", "text": "MANGALORE: The augmented water supply for the city, which the new vented dam at Thumbay is expected to bring about, is likely to be in place by December 2013. While the existing vented dam has a storage capacity of 4.89 million cubic metres (mcm), the new vented dam, that is being constructed 50 metres downstream from the existing dam, will take the storage up to 14.74 mcm. This would meet the city's water requirements for five months with zero inflow.The existing storage capacity of 4.89 mcm helps Mangalore City Corporation (MCC), which uses this water storage reservoir as its primary source of drinking water, for three months. The new dam will give the civic body a cushion of two months in meeting its water supply requirements to domestic and commercial users in the worst-case scenario of prolonged summer which can be accentuated by a delay in the onset of monsoon.LN Anand, executive engineer of Karnataka Urban Water Supply and Drainage Board, in an informal chat with reporters on the sidelines of Ganga Pooja, said the scarcity of labour has slowed down the dam construction work. \"There is no shortage of material or finances,\" he said, adding that the non-availability of labour is pushing deadlines set for completing the dam.Handled by Rithwik Projects Ltd and Swapna Constructions in a joint venture, the new vented dam will rise 12 metres from the foundation with water storage pegged at 7 metres. \"The worst flood recorded in this part is 11.79 metres in 1974, and the height of the dam has been factored keeping in mind the history of the area,\" he said, adding that the new vented dam will have 30 vents of 10 metre width each, and they will have electrically-operated mechanical gates.Observing that utmost care has been taken at the construction stage, Anand said: \"Torsteel Research Foundation of India has vetted the dam design, while geologists from Karnataka Power Corporation Ltd will certify the foundation quality. Indian Register of Shipping are carrying out third-party inspection of materials used.\" The board has sent a revised estimate of Rs 79.5 crore to MCC for approval.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11984854", "title": "Metro crawls after blue line signal snag", "text": "Ordeal Punches Hole In DMRC Chief's ClaimNEW DELHI: Days after the new Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) managing director, Mangu Singh, claimed that Metro trains had run with a punctuality of 99% in January this year, commuters on the Dwarka to Noida/Vaishali line had a harrowing time as the track signal dropped between the Yamuna Bank and IP Metro stations.The technical problem resulted in slow movement of trains, long stoppages at stations and schedules going haywire as the Delhi Metro took over three hours to repair the problem.Said Rakhi Trehan, who was traveling from Mayur Vihar to Rajiv Chowk, \"The service was very erratic. The train stopped for over 10 minutes at almost every station, and was moving really slowly between stations.\" The incident occurred at 7.23am, said a DMRC official, with the signal getting repaired at 11.25am.\"As the incident occured during peak hours, it took longer to repair the problem as services couldn't be stopped,\" added the official. During this time, trains were running at \"limited speed\", said the official, which is considerably less than the regular speed of 32kmph.Claiming that trip time was affected by only a \"one-two minutes\", DMRC officials said the incident had an impact on only two trips. Commuters however, had a very different tale to tell. Mrinal Chaturvedi, who took the train from Noida to Rajiv Chowk at 9.20am, said she reached the inter-change station more than one-and-a-half hours after boarding the train from Botanical Garden. \"I was on the way to Delhi University and missed classes as I reached campus only at 11.30am,\" added Sharma. She wasn't the only one complaining.Many commuters using the line complained of lack of information regarding the problem. \"There were no announcements explaining the reason why trains were running slow, which created more confusion,\" added Trehan.Though Delhi Metro tried to play down the incident by claiming that services were affected only between Yamuna Bank and IP station, commuters said that the train was stopping for over 10 minutes at other stations along the line. The usual stopping time at a station, which is half a minute, had gone up to almost 15 minutes, reported Delhi Metro passengers.Incidentally, this is the second time in as many months that the signaling system at the Yamuna Bank has given problems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11983692", "title": "City sizzles as temperature shoots up", "text": "HYDERABAD: The city is already sweating it out. Over the last 12 days, Hyderabad has witnessed a massive seven degree rise in its maximum temperatures. From a bearable 30.4 degrees on February 10, the city's maximum recorded a sultry 36.6 degree Celsius on Tuesday. Weathermen informed that over the last two days, the maximum temperature is three degrees above normal. The minimum temperatures have, however, remained normal hovering between 17 and 19 degree Celsius over the last few days, officials said.Last year, Hyderabad had recorded the highest maximum of 34.1 degree Celsius on February. Going by the prevailing weather conditions, Met officials said that the temperature may go up further and is likely to touch the 40 degree mark by the end of this month itself.Not just the city but temperatures have also shot up in most parts of the state over the last one week. On Tuesday, Kurnool, Mahbubnagar, Rentachintala, Bhadrachalam, Ramagundam and Nandigama recorded a maximum of 37 degrees Celsius, that is three degrees above normal. Met officials said by the end of March, the entire state will be in the grip of hot weather conditions.R V Subba Rao, assistant meteorologist, Met department, said that this year's weather bears similarities with the weather conditions of 2009. He said that on February 26, 2009, the city had recorded a maximum of 39.1 degrees, which also happens to be an all time record.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11983620", "title": "No support for film federation's Feb 23 strike", "text": "MUMBAI: Most film associations and exhibitors have decided to withdraw from the nationwide strike called by the Film Federation of India (FFI) on February 23 . The FFI has called for the strike to protest against the government's plan to impose service tax on the film industry.The decision was taken after a film delegation met information and broadcasting minister Ambika Soni and finance minister Pranab Mukherjee on Sunday. Mukesh Bhatt, who was part of the delegation, said, \"We voiced our grievances and the ministers asked us to be patient till the budget. If it is not satisfactory, we will meet to take stock of the situation and act accordingly.\"FFI chief Vinod Lamba said, \"We'll continue with the strike as planned. Most associations have extended their support to us.\"Film producers from Mumbai, exhibitors and both single screen and multiplexes across the country have decided to withdraw from the strike. Suresh Naidu from South India said, multiplexes, film producers from Mumbai and most part of Andhra Pradesh have decided not to strike work on February 23 there are some who want to continue with the protest.''Producer Ratan Jain said,\"The strike is as good as being called off.There are some places where the protest will continue like Tamil Nadu, which is already crippled by workers' strike. The strike is not really going to affect anyone.''Meanwhile the government's decision to impose service tax on in the industry has got some exhibitors in certain states charging service tax on the cinegoer.An industry source said, it will eventually get passed on to the consumer by way of increasing the ticket pricing which is not good for the industry.'' The industry has been hoping that the government starts taking them seriously and have been meeting up the finance and I&B; minister before each budget session be it in state or centre but has not really got major support barring some like exemption of customs duty on jumbo rolles and abolition of VAT on transfer of copyrights of a film relating to exhibition in theatres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11984972", "title": "Warm days ahead as winter begins to recede", "text": "CHANDIGARH: There are encouraging signs that the winter chill is finally starting to subside. It wouldn't be long when the hazy days would give to way to bright sunshine, and temperatures would rise, though the nights would likely be colder than days.The people of the city have welcomed the weather change but feel the winters had been harsh this time due to fluctuating temperatures.Director of the meteorological department Surender Paul said, \"It would be cloudy on Wednesday but the temperature shall surely rise soon. Days would be bright and sunny while the nights are likely to be cold.In the meantime, most students have already bid adieu to winters and are busy packing away their woollens. Second-year BBA student Varsha Sandhu said, \"I carry a jacket along when I go out in the evening. There's a huge difference in the day and night temperatures. But I have kept away many of my winter clothes.\"Student of fashion designing Priya Chauhan said, \"We have to wear so many clothes in winters which is uncomfortable. I eagerly wait for the summer season to begin.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "11984541", "title": "Protest against allotment of land for tourism units", "text": "JAISALMER: Despite a ban on land allotment and land transfer for new tourism units at Sam sand dunes nearly one-and-a-half months ago, Punjabi singer Gurdas Maan's son has been allotted 50 bigas of land in Sam area.Opposing this allotment, hundreds of camel riders, tourism businessmen and people of Muslim community in Sam area took out a procession and submitted a memorandum to the district administration and later sat on dharna.Businessmen of Sam area are quite dissatisfied over adopting double standards in land allotment in this area, while the Muslim community was protesting for allotting land for the resort near the 350-year old graveyard.Hundreds of camel riders, businessmen, people of minority community gathered near Gadisar Chowraha on Tuesday morning. A few camel riders came with the camels and carts.The people, led by Sam Camp and Resort Welfare Society president Upendra Singh Rathore reached the office of district collector and submitted two memorandums addressed to chief minister, to additional district collector Parshuram Dhanka.Rathore later demanded that the ban imposed on land allotment and by the order chief secretary on October 17, 2011, should be removed.He said that the state government has allotted 50 bigas of land to Gurmeek Man, son of Punjabi singer Gurdas Maan near Lunon ki Basti, whereas the government had imposed ban on any new land allotment.He said that nearly 8 files of land allotment of other tourism businessmen were pending for the past many years and these people were running from pillar to post to get the land allotted, but only the files of influential people are immediately allotted. The government is adopting double standards with tourism businessmen in this area.Apart from this, lands being possessed by businessmen for last 25 years were allotted in 1992 through revenue order, but these orders have not been regularized till date.In the memorandum, it has been written that Fakir Ibrahim's dargah is situated at some distance from 50 bigas of land that has been allotted at khasra number 3 at Loonon ki Basti. This dargah is 350-year old and has lot of religious faith and there is graveyard of 32 villages and five panchayats.Being the holy place, on every Friday, people do jagrans in night and pray, apart from this, this also the pasture land for cattle.In the memorandum, it is written that the land has been allotted immediately, which has hurt the religious sentiments and it is against our tradition. Otherwise too, the allotment is violation of state government's home department (4) order dated April 28, 2010. This shows the double standard of the state government.The chief minister has been demanded to cancel this allotment and till the orders are cancelled, till then the villagers of Sam village will sit on dharna.District collector MP Swami said that Gurmeek Man has been allotted land in Sam area as per the government's order and rule. The religious place is situated far away, as far as allotment of land for other businessmen is concerned, they can apply for the land in this area and they will be allotted as per the rule.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11984780", "title": "Can the RTO pass on the blame by attributing the Calvim mishap to human error?", "text": "PANAJI: If the bus is indeed 16 years old and has exceeded the permissible limit to ply on the road, then the blame lies squarely on the RTO for allowing an unfit bus to have a licence and for allowing it to ply on that route. Secondly, the captain of ports too must share the blame. I haven't seen any barricades near the ferry ramp that help provide a sense of direction to buses. Moreover, there should have been rumblers on the slope leading to the ferry point.Besides vehicular traffic, they also have to ensure the safety of pedestrians, to prevent anyone from slipping due to the presence of moss on the ferry ramp. And, when we can have lifeguards for tourists on our beaches, why aren't there any lifeguards or trained local swimmers posted at ferry points? The disaster management authorities also had no contingency plan in place. Their primary focus should be on saving lives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "11986279", "title": "Ramadoss launches attack on AIADMK", "text": "TRICHY: PMK founder Dr Ramadoss on Tuesday said that the ruling AIADMK would be voted of power if elections were held today.\"If an election were to be held today, the ruling party would be routed in all the constituencies. If you still want proof , you can conduct a referendum to bring home the truth,\" said an angry Ramadoss, while addressing a gathering in Trichy.Stating that he was out to cleanse the politics in Tamil Nadu, he said that he had \"realized how the PMK had been utilised by both the DMK and AIADMK in successive elections to achieve their own ends.\" He also released a 104-page book titled, \"New Politics; New Hope\" which he said would be carried across Tamil Nadu to create awareness over the niceties of ruling the state in a righteous way.Ramadoss said that his party would contest all the 234 seats in the next assembly elections, and said that it would romp home with at least 120 seats. \"If I had played my cards close to my chest, today, I would have become either the chief minister or at least the leader of the opposition,\" a dejected Ramadoss said.He launched a scathing attack on both the DMK and AIADMK for the complete power failure in the state and recalled that if the DMK government had implemented the plan paper he had presented to it earlier, things on the power front would not have come to such a pass.Ramadoss also warned that the PMK would hold various types of demonstrations all over the state until the power situation was brought to normalcy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11985981", "title": "Corpn likely to set aside 40cr for conservancy work in new zones", "text": "CHENNAI: Conservancy operations in the newly-included areas of the city are expected to be the focus of the Corporation of Chennai's attention with the local body likely to seek an estimated Rs 40 crore at the council meeting scheduled for Wednesday. The civic body is considering buying high-end machinery worth crores of rupees to make sure the eight newly-formed zones become part of its 'garbage-free Chennai' plan.The corporation is going to propose the purchase and operation of 75 large and 45 small compactors at an estimated cost of over Rs 34 crore over four years. \"While the large compactors are expected to cost around Rs 25 lakh each and the smaller compactors Rs 18 lakh each, the maintenance costs are also likely to be high,\" said a corporation official. The local body has entered into an agreement with the company providing the machines to maintain and operate the large compactors, including fuelling, at a cost of Rs 15.86 crore. The vehicles alone are expected to cost a total of Rs 19.17 crore. A resolution by the corporation council is likely to decide on considering bids for the small compactors. The resolution says the lowest bidder so far has quoted Rs 18.5 lakh a machine. The corporation is also considering buying grappler machines and sophisticated mechanized sweepers at an estimated Rs 5 crore.The corporation has also decided tackle the process of quickly over flowing transfer stations in the suburban areas like the Ambattur transfer stations. The council now proposes that these new compactor lorries, would collect the garbage and deposit it directly in the Kodangaiyur or Perungudi dumping yards.The corporation is going to propose that 7,369 sq m of its land in Vepery be given on temporary lease to the Chennai Metro Rail Limited (CMRL) which had requested that it be given the land for construction work on a rental basis. Under the proposal, subject to approval by the ward committee concerned, the currently vacant plot of land will be leased out on an 'emergency basis'.The corporation has also decided to propose leasing out 386 sq m of its land in Tondiarpet, George Town and NSC Bose Road for development purposes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11985712", "title": "Indore civic body labelling tubewells with unsafe water", "text": "INDORE: Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) has launched a drive to ascertain the quality of drinking water used from underground sources namely the tubewells in the city. Over 40% population of the city is dependent on tubewells for their drinking water needs.The corporation is putting a tag that states the water from the tubewell is unsafe so as to make the people aware about it.It is learnt that the civic body has found that water samples of nearly 90% tubewells that have been tested have been found to be polluted and not safe for drinking.City has around 3888 tubewells including government, private and tubewells installed from MP and MLA funds. IMC has conducted a survey of water samples from these tubewells and water samples from 3599 tubewells were found unsafe for drinking.The Central Ground Water Authority (CWGA) too had in its report mentioned that ground water in Indore is highly polluted.It is to be noted that a city based NGO had dragged civic body to the Lok Adalat over the issue demanding action and alternate measures so that residents get safe drinking water.The IMC had in it reply before the stated that it is not possible for it to clean the underground water but said that they are responsible to provide safe water through its piped supply daily. On this, the court has directed the civic body to at least test and inform the people about the quality of ground.Water works in-charge, Sapana Chouhan said that bills have been stick on the electronic switch of the tubewells from which water samples tested positive for pollutants. The civic body is supplying drinking water in these areas with tankers.However, the move to stick the bills on electronic switches of the tubewells has not gone down well with the NGO which had raised the issue. President of Vikas Drishti Mitra 2050 Kishore Kodwani said, \"They are sticking paper bills which don't have life more than two to three days. Most of the bills have already come out.\"Terming the move as just an eye wash, Kodwani said that instead of sticking bills civic body should have painted it so that it could have been easily identified. He also objected over the language used in the bill.Civic body has written water is not for 'Nistaran'. How many people will understand the meaning of the word. They should have simply written \"water not safe for drinking\", he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11985674", "title": "Two hit by tanker, injured", "text": "INDORE: Two motorcycle-borne youth were injured when a tanker hit their vehicle at Udyog Nagar on Tuesday morning.Murlidas, 35, and pillion rider Sagar, 25, came under the tanker's wheel when the two vehicles collided at a turning point. The duo was dragged to some distance by the recklessly driven tanker.The residents of Udyog Nagar beat up the driver of the tanker (MP 09 K 5171), who has been booked by the police.The injured were rushed to a hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11988981", "title": "Same lyrics, different song!", "text": "Mollywood directors Padma Kumar's Thiruvambady Thamban and B Unnikrishnan's Grandmaster may still be under production, but people who have listened to the music of both these films point out that the two have one thing in common.Both have a song called Aaraanu Nee. While the one in Thiruvambady Thamban is a melodious romantic number, the one in Grandmaster is a rock song. However, both the films - which will hit the screens at around the same time in two months - seem to be banking on their Aaraanu Nee. Taking it one step further is team Thiruvambady Thamban, which has already put up their song online. The number, sung by Swetha Mohan, made it to the virtual world last week and has over 15,000 hits. \"It's a pleasant love song. A good blend of western and Indian,\" says Madhu Vasudevan, the lyricist of the song. The film's music director Ouseppachan adds, \"Whichever song is released first is considered as the original. Ours is already released. If the other team wants to avoid confusion, they could consider changing their lyrics.\"Meanwhile, Deepak Dev, music director of the Grandmaster, remains unperturbed. \"This is pure coincidence. Ours is a rock number and so it's quite different in treatment and look. It might be too early to say that the audience may get confused with these two songs. But if there is such a problem, we will probably add a line or two before Aaraanu Nee to ensure there is no room for confusion.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "tirupur", "code": "11986225", "title": "Burglars break into Tirupur shop, steal jewels worth 10cr", "text": "TIRUPUR: Robbers broke into a jewellery shop in Tirupur late on Monday and escaped with gold and diamond ornaments worth nearly 10 crore. Police suspect the burglary to have been carried out between 10pm on Monday and 5.30am on Tuesday.According to the police, the robbers created an opening in a brick-layered ventilator in the rear of the shop and cut open two iron doors using gas cutters to sneak inside. The incident was discovered on Tuesday when the staff opened the shop for business.Security guards on duty in front of the shop were clueless about the burglary. Any sounds emanating from inside the building could have been drowned in the traffic noise, police sources said. The shop didn't have burglar alarms, and the burglars had switched off the CCTVs.Gold and diamond ornaments kept on the display shelves were taken, but silver ornaments were spared. The stolen ornaments constitute 36kg of gold and 2kg of diamonds.Police estimated the loss at 7,12,50,000 by fixing 15,000 as the price for a sovereign. However, industry sources said the loss would be much more if calculated at the prevailing market rate.Located on the busy Kumaran Road, Alukas Jewellery shares a boundary with St Joseph's Higher Secondary School, one of the oldest schools in Tirupur. On the right side is a construction site.Police suspect that the robbers entered the construction site, jumped the boundary wall of the school and climbed on its roof. From there, they accessed the UPS room of the shop. The operation would not have taken more than an hour, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11985416", "title": "Evaluation begins to test the skills of MP school students", "text": "BHOPAL: The evaluation of skills of students and the state schools being undertaken at the Pratibha Parva, has begun. The testing of skills had concluded at the two-day state wide event on February 17.A circular issued by the Rajya Shiksha Kendra on Tuesday, said that all the schools should organize special classes for the children who have secured D and E grades during the evaluation.Under the Right to Education Act (RTE), it is the duty of the schools and the teachers to develop the educational abilities of the child according to the class in which he/she is studying so that they may be at par with the class requirements.The special classes have to be organized during February and March so that the D and E grade children are ready for promotion to the next class.During the Pratibha Parva, students of class I to IV were given question papers of Hindi, English, Maths and Environmental Science while class V students solved Hindi, English and Maths papers while the students of class VI to VIII solved the question papers of Hindi, English, Sanskrit, Maths, Science and Social Science.About one crore students from the primary and middle schools across the state took part in the two-day event. This was conducted by the school education department so that the quality of education in schools could be tested and a road map for the future could be charted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11985634", "title": "Indo-British schools to work on child rights", "text": "MANGALORE: Canara Girls' High School (CGHS) here will introduce a novel project to study the various aspects of child rights and child labour laws in India and UK in association with a British school. A three-member delegation of teachers from CGHS will fly to the United Kingdom and visit Litchard Junior School (LJS, Bridgend in Wales) as part of the global school partnership of the British Council.The main objective of the project, being funded by the British Council, is to educate children and teachers of schools in both the countries about laws regarding child rights and child labour prevailing in India and the UK.A team of three teachers from LJS visited CGHS recently. The team comprising Sarah Howells, co-ordinator, Paula Hoppkins and Dale Ritchards interacted with children, teachers and child rights experts during its weeklong visit here.Teachers Gayathri Shenoy, Aruna Kumari and Rajeshwari from CGHS will pay a reciprocal visit in May.Project co-ordinator Meera Krishna told TOI that the project will be implemented in a collaborative manner by both schools. \"Our teachers will study the scenario with regard to child rights and child labour laws in UK and will try to analyse the difference between them. Our team will interact with teachers and students of LJS and also meet experts in child rights and child labour laws there,\" she explained.\"Several joint activities have been planned to go ahead with the projects. Drawing, essay writing, role plays and other activities will be the part of the project and children will be able to learn the scenario in both the countries,\" Meera said.Schools, which sign an MoU on global school partnership, will work on two different projects for four years as per the guidelines of the British Council. CGHS and LJS have successfully completed the first project -- which was on waste management -- in the last two years. The new project will be completed in another two years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11983944", "title": "Lucknow University V-C meets education secretary to break ongoing stalemate", "text": "LUCKNOW: To break the ongoing stalemate between the Lucknow University administration and its employees, vice-chancellor M K Mishra, pro vice-chancellor U N Dwivedi, controller of examination Yashvir Tyagi and registrar G P Tripathi met higher education secretary Avnish Awasthi on Tuesday.The university spokesperson said, \"The university has forwarded a memorandum given by the employees to the secretary in which they have charged officials with corruption. The university has asked for an immediate inquiry to establish the truth. If anyone is found guilty, the university is ready to take strict action.'' The university also put forth its view on the indifferences between the government order and the employees' demands. On this, the vice-chancellor said the varsity would accept all such demands only on government directions. On the issue of daily wage of the employees, the government orders will be duly accepted by the university, he said.The V-C and his team also apprised the secretary about the boycott of work which has affected the university convocation ceremony, practical examinations, regular classes, and if not solved, will also impact the annual examinations. The university also sought help from the government in matters related to finance. Regarding teachers' promotion scheme, it was decided that after the model code of conduct is lifted, interviews will be held as per the rules framed by the Executive Council.Meanwhile, the Lucknow University organised an 'inter-congress' on 'contested identities in the global world' at Malviya Hall on Tuesday. The congress was inaugurated by professor M K Mishra who highlighted the anthro-pro centric nature of the world. President of the congress R K Muttakar said, \"Globalisation has swayed the world and we are no exception. Development in the country is not uniform, but perhaps lop-sided. Hence, it will pose a threat to the cultural development.'' Head, department of anthropology, Lucknow University, Nadeem Hasnain and Vinod Chandra, secretary, International Sociological Association, were also present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11985183", "title": "State board unearths scam in changing centres", "text": "NAGPUR: A major scam has been unearthed by vigilant Maharashtra State Board officials in Nagpur, with documents of over 50 students turning out to be forged. These students, either long-time failure or dropouts, were trying to appear from centres in remote areas so they could resort to unfair means to clear the exam that began on Tuesday. The board officials are still conducting investigations and would soon lodge an FIR against such students.Board's Nagpur division chairman Chandramani Borkar confirmed the development, saying that they were shocked by the perfection with which the confidential documents, including letter heads of various schools, were forged. He didn't rule out the possibility of more students being involved in it.\"These students from urban areas had repeatedly failed the exam. They forged documents of schools in remote areas and submitted them to the board directly. The possibility of involvement of school officials can't be ruled out,\" Borkar said.Divisional secretary Anil Pardhi said the students wanted centres in remote areas so they could indulge in malpractices to clear papers. \"From last year, norms for students aspiring to appear from centres other than their schools have changed. Now, students have to prove the reason for the change. They also have to submit documents like election card (if a student is above 18 years), father's domicile certificate, 7/12 extracts of his father's farm and house tax receipt of their home if they want to appear from there,\" he said.Borkar added that earlier it was hard to detect such forgery, but with new norms, it becomes difficult to change the centre. \"Over 50 cases have been detected so far, as all necessary documents were not found attached. Suspicion grew after schools in remote areas informed these students were not from their schools. When we checked the documents, all turned out to be fake. They had pleaded medical ailments for change of centre, but medical certificates were bogus,\" he said.He said that such cases were detected from schools in Bhandara, Gondia, Wardha and even Nagpur. \"About eight such cases were found at DSS High School at Chichbhuvan in the city. Currently, we have their photos and names. Unless investigations are completed, we can't give more details,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11986263", "title": "Tribals spot danger in tiger reserve plan", "text": "COIMBATORE: While pressure is mounting on the state government to declare the Sathyamangalam Wildlife Sanctuary as a tiger reserve, there is mounting resentment among tribals living on the forest fringes, against attempts of the forest department to curb access to the jungles to collect forest produce and graze cattle. Forest officials have already directed them to sell their cattle and look for alternative means of livelihood.Irked by the move, over 10,000 tribal residents of Thalavadi, Thiganare, Thinkalur, Panakkalli, Naithalpuram, Igalur, Thalamalai, Bainapuram, Hassanur and Germalam village panchayats have rallied behind Pazhamkudi Makkal Sanghom, a tribal outfit supported by CPI, that plans to organize a series of agitations in this regard.\"These tribals are the most neglected in the state. Their rights over the forests were curtailed long ago due to the Veerappan crisis. After the encounter death of Veerappan, the forest department had constituted several tribal forest protection committees and they functioned well, collecting and selling minor forest produce till now. Twenty seven such bodies had together made a profit of Rs 64 Lakh in the last few years. Now the committees are in crisis as the forest authorities have denied them access to the forests as it is a tiger reserve,'' says P L Sundaram, MLA of Bhavani Sagar Constituency.\"We were the pride of the forest department till they mooted the tiger reserve project with the support of Union Ministry of Environment and Forests. We depend entirely on live stock and there is no land for us to graze them. The department is now forcing us to sell our goats and cows,'' says Pazhamkudi Makkal leader P Dorai.According to tribals, the forest department has told them to engage in lending of shamianas and crockery for marriage celebrations. The department has promised them funds to buy the infrastructure for the lending business. \"Other than rearing cattle and collecting forest produce, we know no other means of livelihood. Some of us cultivate raggi, makkacholam and gingelly we are at the mercy of wild animals. As there is no irrigation water available, we are not able to cultivate the more profitable sugarcane, plantain and water melon,'' says M Mahadevan, a Soliga tribal of Alapurdoddi tribal hamlet.\"We are not against tigers or any other wild animals. But denying tribals their right to depend on the forests is beyond logic. I will take it up with Chief Minister J Jayalalithaaa,'' says Sundaram. Traditionally, tribals collect honey and gooseberry from the forests.\"Such decisions should not be made unilaterally and forest protection must not be at the expense of tribals. The move is a clear violation of forest rights act,'' says C R Bijoy, a Coimbatore-based activist. Erode Forest Conservator D Arun confirmed when contacted that there would be restrictions on entering the forests after they are declared a Tiger reserve. He said the department strongly recommends the tribal folk to take up alternative means of livelihood.We were the pride of the forest department till they mooted the tiger reserve project.We depend entirely on live stock and there is no land for us to graze them. The department is now forcing us to sell our goats and cowsP Dorai| Pahamkudi Makkal leader", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11985068", "title": "Boy attacked by classmate, may lose eyes", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 14-year-old student of a government school at Timarpur in north Delhi is on the verge of losing his vision after being assaulted by his classmate for refusing to lend him his bicycle.The boy, who is undergoing treatment at Guru Nanak Eye Hospital, was released on Monday. Doctors have, however, said he needs a surgery to save vision in both eyes. That his parents cannot afford a costly surgery has added to his woes. His father barely manages to eke out a living while his mother is a grade IV employee in a college. The family is seeking assistance for their son - the eldest among three siblings and a topper in his class - to save him from turning blind. The incident took place on February 4. The family resides at Indra colony. The boy has alleged that during recess he was sitting in his class when his classmate urged him to lend him his bicycle.\"I refused. A few minutes later when no one was around he pleaded once again. I again refused. He came with a stick and hit me on the head and in the eyes. I lost consciousness. When I woke up, I found myself in the teachers' room. They took me to the hospital but left me near the gate of the hospital,'' the boy alleged.His mother has alleged that the school authorities failed to inform her about the incident.The school authorities, however, denied the charge. \"We rushed him to the hospital in a teacher's car. The vice-principal himself ensured he received treatment,'' said Gopal Singh, a teacher of the government school. The police said they were yet to receive a complaint. \"We will definitely look into the matter once the complaint is filed. As of now we are not aware of its details,'' said I B Rani, DCP (north).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11983708", "title": "104 workers protest, seek reinstatement", "text": "HYDERABAD: Around 600 laid-off employees of the state-run 104 health scheme organised a 'Chalo Assembly' rally on Tuesday demanding their jobs back. Several protesters were arrested near Ravindra Bharathi and taken into preventive custody by the police.The protesters alleged that ever since the 104 call centre was brought under the purview of the Arogyasri Trust, instead of absorbing the 1,000 experienced staffers, the trust had gone for fresh recruitment. \"Though the trust absorbed 200 staffers working under the old management of Health Management and Research Institute, the management has been harassing them. Now, only 100 of them are continuing with the trust,\" said Ram Koteshwar Rao, general secretary of 104 Call Centre Contract Employees' Union.The union members have been protesting for the last 130 days but in vain. \"The trust has ignored the existing employees who have over five years of experience in handling emergency phone calls. People who have no experience were recruited,\" the protesters alleged.Sources said that ever since the government took complete control of the '104' Fixed Day Health Scheme (ambulance service) and the 104 call centre from HMRI, the scheme has run into rough weather. The district collectors are not able to manage the ambulance service that went to remote areas on a monthly basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11984283", "title": "Jigna Vora aware of plot to kill J Dey: Mumbai Police", "text": "MUMBAI: Journalist Jigna Vora was privy to fugitive gangster Chhota Rajan's plan to get crime reporter J Dey killed, according to the supplementary chargesheet filed by the Mumbai police's crime branch on Tuesday. In the 1,474-page affidavit filed before the special Maharashtra Control of Organized Crime Act (MCOCA) court, the police also claimed that Vora and Rajan spoke to each other 36 times in the months before the murder. But the police do not have transcripts of these calls.The police said Rajan aide and one of the 13 accused in the case, Paulson Joseph, gave a statement before a magistrate, in which he attested that he met Vora in Navi Mumbai a week before Dey's murder. During the meeting, he informed her about Rajan's plan to kill Dey.\"Paulson said that he met Jigna around June 7 and told her that Dey will be killed once the identification is complete. Jigna said that she will be out of station between June 9 and June 18 and that her mobile will be switched off. She also asked Paulson to warn Rajan that all suspects' cellphones will be under surveillance after the murder and hence nobody, particularly Rajan, should call her,\" a police officer told TOI on condition of anonymity. The police say they have records to show that Vora booked a trip to Sikkim on June 7.Dey, who was a reporter with Mid-Day daily, was gunned down by bike-borne men on June 11 last year in Powai. Over the next many months, the police arrested 10 men in the case who allegedly executed or abetted the crime on Rajan's behest. On November 25, they also arrested Vora for allegedly playing a role in the murder.A month later, the police filed a chargesheet against the 10 arrested men and two absconding accused-Rajan and his aide Nayan Singh Bisht. Vora, they then said, was not included because investigations against her were continuing.In the supplementary chargesheet, Vora has been charged under various sections of the Indian Penal Code-including murder, criminal conspiracy and destruction of evidence-besides stringent provisions of MCOCA and the Arms Act. In the chargesheet, the police say that her rivalry with Dey finally led to her involvement in the murder. While the other arrested accused either executed or aided the crime, it was Vora who instigated Rajan to order the murder. The chargesheet also says that she provided the fugitive don with Dey's home and office addresses as well as the licence number of his motorcycle.\"There are evidences to show that there was enmity between Jigna and Dey since 2009 over slain gangster Farid Tanasha,\" said joint commissioner of police (crime) Himanshu Roy, adding her phone showed 36 incoming and outgoing calls to Rajan. Six witnesses have given statements before magistrates saying that Rajan called them and showed remorse for Dey's murder. \"There are transcripts of Rajan saying that he regretted killing Dey and it happened because Jigna instigated him,\" Roy said.The police say that Vora emailed Rajan copies of two of Dey's published reports. In one, he wrote that Rajan had grown old, and, in the other, he wrote that Rajan's gang members had gone on a pilgrimage. The two articles have been cited in the chargesheet. The police have also appended two other reports. One of these was penned by Dey in June 2011 and claimed that Dawood Ibrahim fled Pakistan after Osama bin Laden was killed by the US military. The other was written soon after by Vora and contradicted Dey's report.Roy said the police are waiting for the remaining part of a forensic report on the seven cellphones and a laptop belonging to Vora they had sent for analysis. The police believe that Vora sent Dey's motorcycle number as well his office and home addresses to Rajan via email or SMS.The crime branch claims the supplementary chargesheet it filed on Tuesday presents strong evidence to show that arrested journalist Jigna Vora was a part of the criminal conspiracy hatched by Chhota Rajan to murder J Dey. These are reportedly the salient points of the chargesheet:It was the professional rivalry between Dey and Vora that led to her involvement in the former's murder. The enmity sprang in 2009 over Rajan aide Farid Tanasha, whom the two scribes were close to. Vora felt that Dey was appropriating her source and even had an altercation with Dey over the issue. Tanasha, incidentally, was killed in 2010In March 2011, Rajan gave hawala operator Ravi Rateshwar Rs 2 lakh to buy global SIM cards. These cards were later distributed by one of the accused, Paulson Joseph, among Dey's killers, including sharpshooter Satish KalyaIn conversations that were taped, Rajan is heard telling associates that Dey called him first to London for a meeting and later requested for a meeting in the Philippines. Rajan suspected the meetings were traps. Travel documents show that Dey visited London between April 28 and May 6. The scribe also had plans to visit the Philippines", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11986256", "title": "Cheluvamba Hospital cries for staff", "text": "MYSORE: The century-old government-run Cheluvamba Hospital, which is in the news following the death of a pregnant woman, who consumed toxic liquid, is functioning with skeleton staff.Authorities are finding it difficult to provide better medical services without adequate doctors, paramedical staff and Group-D employees. The facility also doesn't have sufficient beds to treat all the patients visiting the hospital and their requests seem to have fallen on deaf ears.The teaching hospital has only 40 nurses, 15 doctors for women, 12 for children, with only 25 Group-D employees.Due to shortage of beds, authorities had converted the special ward into a general ward a year ago. But it is still not sufficient. Many a times, patients are made to sleep on beds spread out on the floor.A doctor attached to the women's block said: \"Shortage of staff in the hospital has hampered classes of undergraduate and postgraduate students, as doctors working in the hospital are teaching there. The medical officer claimed that sanctioned posts to the hospital have not been revised since 1960, whereas the number of admissions/visits of patients has increased by 10 folds.The hospital requires 200 additional beds, at least 10 doctors, 200 nurses and about 100 Group-D employees immediately. A proposal seeking staff is still pending with the government.Cheluvamba Hospital medical superintendent Krishnamurthy told TOI that the hospital had 400 beds, of which, 180 beds are reserved for women. Every day, at least around 40 patients are admitted for deliveries. He claimed that about 400 patients visit the hospital daily, of which, over 6 dozen are in-patients.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11984748", "title": "Past casts Gujarat University VC into trouble", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat University (GU) vice-chancellor (VC) Parimal Trivedi was granted conditional bail by a magisterial court in connection with the caste-profiling case, as police produced him before court within hours of his arrest on Tuesday morning.Trivedi's counsel Manubhai and Mitesh Amin immediately filed bail application on the ground that the complaint filed against the VC was not only false but it was with mala fide intent. To substantiate their claims, they furnished a letter written by complainant, a faculty from GLS Arts College Pankaj Shrimali, a month before the FIR was lodged in 2008.The letter was addressed to Trivedi threatening him that he could face charges of hurling casteist remarks in future.Shrimali had written that Trivedi should hold only himself responsible, if there was an atrocity case against him.The lawyers also provided complaints made by the complainant before authorities before registering the FIR on May 3, 2008. They argued that nowhere in his communication made earlier, Shrimali had ever mentioned usage of a particular word by the VC. He disclosed it only in his police complaint.The prosecutor opposed the bail plea and maintained that there was a prima facie case against Trivedi.Metropolitan magistrate P T Patel granted bail to the VC on furnishing a bond of Rs 25,000. The court laid down conditions for Trivedi - he should not tamper with the evidence, cooperate with the investigators, and surrender his passport in two days. Trivedi cannot leave the country without the court's permission. Besides, he has been asked to report to investigation officer twice a month.After Shrimali lodged FIR, Trivedi moved the high court, but his quashing petition was turned down. Cops tried to close the case by filing A Summary without recording Trivedi's statement, but a metropolitan court refused to accept recommendation to close the case and ordered further probe.When nothing happened for more than three years, Shrimali moved HC again complaining about lethargy on part of investigation team. Last month, HC directed the IO to submit final report in magisterial court and come up with the status report by February 21.As the police failed to submit status report, they sought more time and HC has kept the proceeding next week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11983995", "title": "Top 3 richest candidates in district from Noida", "text": "NOIDA: Ten of the 18 candidates from the three assembly segments of Noida, Dadri and Jewar are crorepatis. This revelation comes a week before the assembly polls scheduled on February 28.The Association for Democratic Reforms (ADR) - an NGO spearheading the movement for electoral reforms - analysed 360 affidavits furnished by candidates contesting in the sixth phase of polls and found that 210 candidates are crorepatis.Mahesh Sharma (BJP), with assets worth Rs 37.45 crore, and V S Chauhan (Congress), with Rs 22.13 crore, share the third and fifth spots in the list of top 20 richest candidates in the state. Incidentally, the top three richest candidates in Gautam Budh Nagar district are all from the newly-carved constituency of Noida. Sunil Choudhury of the SP, with assets worth Rs 11.24 crore, who stands at the third position in the district, is also from Noida. Choudhury stands at the 26th overall position among the 210 candidates.Sharma and Chauhan share the third and eighth spots, respectively, when it comes to candidates having the highest financial liabilities among all 360 candidates analysed. While Sharma has declared financial liabilities worth Rs 5.77 crore, Chauhan has liabilities worth Rs 3.59 crore. In terms of annual income, Sharma stands again stands at the third position. He has declared Rs1.38 crore as his annual income.The BSP candidate from Dadri, Satveer Singh Gujjar, has recorded the highest percentage increase in assets among all candidates. The average percentage growth in assets for re-contesting MLAs, among 49 such candidates analysed, is 168 per cent. However, Satveer Gujjar has recorded a staggering 3,776 per cent increase in assets in the last five years from 2007 to 2012. Gujjar's assets rose from a mere Rs 2.51 lakh in 2007 to Rs 97.48 lakh in 2012.While the district boasts of some of the richest candidates, it has also earned another distinction. Khalil Ahmed (Peace Party) from the Dadri Assembly constituency, with total assets of Rs 11,000, stands third in the list of candidates having assets less than or equal to Rs 11,000.That's not all. The candidate with the highest number of recorded criminal cases is also from Gautam Budh Nagar. Manveer Singh Tewatia, the prime accused in the Bhatta-Parsaul violence - fielded from Jewar by the JD (U) - ranks number 1 among 128 candidates who have declared criminal cases against them.Tewatia has declared 31 criminal cases, including 14 charges related to murder, several cases related to attempt to murder and kidnapping.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11984743", "title": "It's getting warm, but don't pack woollens, mercury may dip again", "text": "NEW DELHI: It may be getting warmer by the day, but it is still not time to pack-off your woollens. Delhiites continued to sweat it out on Tuesday as the day temperature shot to 29.3 degrees Celsius from Monday's 25.5 degrees. However, Met officials said a mercury dip is expected from Thursday.\"The sudden rise in temperatures is due to the presence of a western disturbance over the western Himalayan region. Due to this, the winds blowing over northwest India are southerly, known to be warm and moist. Wednesday will continue to be warm but with the WD expected to move away around Thursday, the temperatures will come down to normal. However, the chilly weather is now over for the season,\" said BP Yadav, director, IMD. He added that the WD was not likely to bring any rain over Delhi though some parts of northern Punjab could see brief showers on Wednesday.Tuesday's maximum temperature was five degrees above normal though the minimum was normal at 11.1 degrees Celsius. The warmest place in the city was Palam with its maximum at a high of 30.2 degrees Celsius. The highest maximum temperature ever recorded in the month of February is 34.1 degrees Celsius in 2006.The Met department also ruled out the possibility of fog for at least a week, adding that the dense fog season was over unless visibility dropped by some freak chance later on. \"Even though southerly winds are moist, fog is not possible right now as the temperature is too high and also because the wind is quite strong. Once the WD moves away and the cold northerly winds start to blow, humidity levels would drop naturally. We are not expecting any fog till at least the end of this week,\" said Yadav.Most parts of northwest India are facing a similar rise in temperatures. Large parts of Haryana, west Uttar Pradesh, Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh and north Chhattisgarh experienced minimum temperatures that were 2-5 degrees above normal.Under the influence of the WD, many parts of Jammu and Kashmir , Himachal Pradesh and Uttarakhand will see snow and rain for another day. Met officials said that no significant change in the weather over northwest, east and central India is expected for another day or so after which both maximum and minimum temperatures will drop by 2-4 degrees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11986169", "title": "Discordant speech note in assembly", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The budget session of Odisha assembly began on a dissonant note on Tuesday with the governor reading out his customary speech and the leader of opposition doing his own parallel to him.Governor M C Bhandare during his speech waved his hand several times at leader of opposition Bhupinder Singh , indicating him to sit down, but in vain. Singh continued his speech before staging a walkout with his colleagues. The BJP too walked out of the House.Singh's contention was that the governor's speech, prepared by the government, was far from ground realities in the state. \"We had no patience to hear the government speaking all lies through the governor. Whatever is claimed on the paper is far from the truth. My parallel speech only aimed at sensitizing the governor that he should speak to the government, take stock of the situation before making his speech in the assembly,\" Singh said.He highlighted the just-concluded panchayat elections in his speech, the results of which are yet to be officially announced. \"The panchayat election was a total fraud on the Constitution. The party in power spent mountains of notes for votes and used the official machinery for political gain. The atmosphere of fear was palpable everywhere. At many places rival MLAs were not allowed to move in their constituency,\" Singh said. He also referred to the Dhenkanal SP seeking permission of the Speaker to arrest NCP MLA and assault on minister Maheswar Mohanty during the elections and said these incidents reflected the prevailing situation of lawlessness in the state.Singh also pointed out to the governor that what he claimed as 'his government' had 'ignored and insulted' him a number of times both inside and outside the assembly. \"You had written to the government several times to present the Lokpal reports, but there was no response. Your own position is at stake,\" Singh said, accusing the government of functioning like a 'dictator'.Unperturbed, however, the governor continued his speech. He pointed out that Odisha has made rapid strides in economic growth as evident from the projected outlay of Rs 32,225 crore for the 11th five year plan (2007-12), rising to Rs 1 lakh crore for the 12th plan (2012-17). He said the fiscal reforms undertaken by the government had changed the scenario in Odisha from facing 'acute financial crisis' to earning resources for 'undertaking developmental activities'. He listed a series of welfare schemes under implementation and steps initiated at the administrative level to bring home his point. \"On the strength of good governance and industry friendly atmosphere, Odisha is well on its way to becoming the premier manufacturing hub for companies,\" the governor said. Of the 20 MoUs signed for independent power projects with a total installed capacity of 37,440 mw, two are already functional, the governor said.On the mining sector, which is ensnared in mega scams, the governor said 12,421 number of illegal mineral activities were detected last year till November, 12,35,370 tonnes of ores were seized and a penalty money of Rs 5.92 crore was realized.He said the government, in order to 'bring transparency in mineral administration', had since initiated a series of measures to check illegal mining in the state.The governor also pointed out that Maoist violence in the state has shown a decline from 130 incidents recorded in 2010 to 100 in 2011. So have the deaths of security personnel, coming down from 22 to 15 during the period, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11985165", "title": "A green solution to deal with garbage menace", "text": "KOCHI: Dr Francis Xavier, a member of Kerala Veterinary and Animal Sciences University, has developed a waste management system that has become highly successful in Thrissur.The system is called Thumburmuzhy Model Aerobic Composting Technique (TMACT). And the model, according to its developer, is cost-effective and eco-friendly, and ideal to deal with the garbage in Kerala.\"The biodegradable waste here contains high moisture, so the best option would be composting or converting it into biogas. The most favoured method here now is vermicomposting. But TMACT is more eco-friendly and cost effective. Vermicomposting produces carbon dioxide and methane, and earthworms have to be taken care of. TMACT can be set up for only Rs 8,500 and there is zero production of methane or odour,\" said Francis Xavier.He said TMACT's efficiency in segregating livestock waste gave it an edge over the existing composting processes. \"A rectangle structure should be built using bricks on a cement floor leaving gaps in between. While its width should be restricted to four feet, height can vary. A roof is required to prevent the structure from getting wet. Once the structure is ready, wet cow dung up to 6 inches in height should be laid on the floor. Over this any kind of biodegradable waste, including livestock waste, can be spread. But here too the height should be limited to six inches. This should again be topped with wet cow dung. This process can be continued till the structure gets completely filled,\" Francis said.The energy produced due to bacterial growth creates a 75 degree centigrade environment inside the plant, which prevents flies from laying eggs. Since moisture level is only 60%, the composting process will not create any odour, he said.\"A filled-up plant takes about 90 days to finish composting and it is ideal for large communities like flat dwellers. Smaller units can be used by households and local government bodies. Installing small units on roadsides at equal distances can help contain the growing garbage menace,\" said Francis Xavier.The Thumburmuzhy model was being used at Orange County in Coorg as part of their Responsible Tourism and Zero Waste Programme, and by residents of many flats in Thrissur district, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11986374", "title": "Sewage in drinking water, residents of Coimbatore colony hit the streets", "text": "COIMBATORE: Even though the corporation supplies water on a regular basis, residents of Sukrawarpet spend a substantial amount of money to buy water cans, as they fear the corporation water is contaminated by sewage. For the past few months, they have been facing several health problems, and they believe it is because of the water.\"The level of contamination is alarming. When we complain to the corporation and ward councillors, they make a visit and promise to resolve the issue. But nothing has changed,\" says N Aranganthan a resident of Pilyar Kovil lane in Sukrawarpet. The people are suffering from various ailments including stomach ache and vomiting. The water is so bad that people are forced to buy water cans, says N Rajathi, another resident.On an average, people spend anywhere between Rs 250 to Rs 300 a month to buy drinking water. They use the water for cooking too.\"With the change in government, we were expecting some relief regarding the issue, but nothing has changed. Workers come and dig in many locations in our neighbourhood, but the problem remains,\" she added. When contacted, ward 25 councilor K Jayapal said that residents had come to him just two days ago. As soon as he received the complaint, he spoke to relevant officials and asked them to resolve the issue soon.He said officials had cleaned the pipeline and repaired the crack in the sewage pipe that was contaminating the water. \"People need not have any further concerns. They will be provided good drinking water soon,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11983727", "title": "A pill a day can keep hip pain away", "text": "MUMBAI: A decade-long study by doctors at P D Hinduja Hospital in Mahim has established a non-surgical approach to treat nagging pain in the hips. The findings say that a good number of such patients can manage their pain by popping a pill a day as opposed to undergoing surgery.The follow-up study of 40 patients of avascular necrosis (AVN) of the hip was published in the Journal of Arthroplasty in October last year. The study showed that the patients who had developed avascular necrosis of the hip were able to manage their pain for up to 10 years without surgical intervention.More than one lakh Indians develop AVN every year. Mumbai alone sees close to 20,000 new cases annually.Avascular necrosis is a condition where the femoral head (uppermost part of thigh bone) stops getting blood and causes the bone to collapse slowly. As the bone dies, the patient experiences excruciating pain and limited or no movement. Doctors often suggest surface replacement or total hip replacement surgeries that can cost anything between Rs 1.5 lakh to Rs 3 lakh in a private set-up.Over a decade ago, orthopaedic surgeon Dr Sanjay Agarwala found a group of drugs (Bisphosphonate), commonly used for treating osteoporosis , were effective in treating AVN of the hips as well. \"Over the years, 400 patients have been treated with drugs for this painful and disabling disorder. The treatment is not only effective, but also economical as the patient can manage the pain by spending around Rs 150 per month,\" as against spending on an expensive surgery,\" said Agarwala, author of the study. The drug, he said, arrests bone collapse by allowing new blood vessels to grow. \"Most of the patients who came to us were advised surgery as many of them were in the advanced stages of the ailment,\" he said.Diamond merchant Jignesh Shah (43) could barely walk after being diagnosed with AVN of the left hip in 2006. After seeking help from eight doctors and being told that surgery was the only option, he approached Agarwala, who put him on the drug treatment. Shah, after the completion of his treatment, has now regained his normal strength and even climbs 3,800 steps every year to go to the Palithana temple in Gujarat.Banker Abhishek Bhave who too claimed to have benefitted from the drug treatment and said that he has started going to gym. again and resumed near normal activists that he could not perform after developing the disorder. Agarwala touted the drug treatment as pathbreaking as the disorder affects many youngsters who are reluctant to go for surgery.During the study, none of the patients reported any major side-effects. Few reported generalized muscle pain and dizziness. The drug treatment worked better if the patient started the treatment in early stages.Some facts:Avascular necrosis (AVN) occurs due to loss of blood to the boneIt commonly affects people between 20 to 5o years of ageTrauma, steroids, alcohol abuse, genetic disorders can lead to AVN in about 50% of casesUntreated AVN can lead to hip arthritis needing surgical intervention like total or surface replacement arthroplastySymptoms of the disorder can vary from moderate to extreme pain disturbing routine activitiesStudy found drug treatment successful in 95% of AVN first stage patientsDrug worth Rs 150 has to be taken every month for a period of 3 years", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11984681", "title": "Kolkata trader goes missing, cops fear kidnap", "text": "KOLKATA: A trader has gone missing since Monday evening from central Kolkata. Preliminary probe has led police to suspect that Nitin Jaiswal, 40, has been abducted.Around 5.30pm on Monday, Jaiswal left home saying he had some work in the New Market area. When he did not return last night, his family members lodged a complaint at Bowbazar police station. Jaiswal, a resident of Temple Street on Chandni Chowk, owns four shops.Jaiswal's younger daughter Shivangi said that her father's cell phone was unreachable since 7.45pm on Monday. She even sent him a voice message around 4am but it was not delivered.Early on Tuesday, locals at Garia found a wallet. From the driving licence, locals called up Jaiswal's family. Probe revealed that on Monday evening Jaiswal had told one of his employees that some one was supposed to collect a payment of Rs 2 lakh. His family members claimed that a genuine person has actually received the money.Officers of anti-rowdy squad of Kolkata police have initiated a probe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11985455", "title": "Seminar on girl health discuss teenage problems", "text": "BHOPAL: Seminars on female health and related issues should be conducted time and again as the myths attached to it don't penetrate easily in the adolescent minds, felt the doctors who addressed a seminar on awareness about female health was organised at Sarojini Naidu Girls Higher Secondary School, Shivaji Nagar on Tuesday.Dr Jagmeet Kaur Chawla, a city pediatrician said, \"Mostly girls are shy and reserved in the teenage group. They are unable to discuss their problems openly. As soon as you talk about the menstrual cycle their heads go down, irrespective of the school to which they belong. Such seminars do help largely in making them feel to be less conscious of teenage problems\".\"A separate atmosphere is required so that the girls feel comfortable in discussing their problems,\" she added.Anita Choudhary, faculty from the Women's Polytechnic said, \"The motive of the seminar was to create awareness among adolescent girls who are mostly reserved due to societal taboos and are not able to come out in the open with their problems.\"\"Also since religious fasting is common among girls, they were made aware how to cope with the nutritional deficiencies commonly faced which result in weaknesses,\" she said.Dr Gunjan Ghodeshwar from Gandhi Medical College (GMC) and Dr Jagmeet Kaur Chawla, spoke about female health, the requirements during the growing stage, the various essential and non-essential vitamin and their sources, the right kind of diets to follow during various phases of the month and other such related issues.\"The seminar was intended to provide a platform where the girls could be sensitised about various aspects of female health and related problems faced during adolescence. They were also made aware as to not to neglect their health and keep a check on the diet they follow,\" Choudhary added.The seminar was followed by a spot quiz which was conducted among the participants on health.The seminar was sponsored by Madhya Pradesh Council of Science and Technology while Women' s Polytechnic, Bhopal was the organiser of the event. Around 75 students from classes IX to XII took part in the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11983922", "title": "Cops act fast, get 2 dacoits in their net", "text": "BANGALORE: Two dacoits, who tried to scare away cops with their weapons, were injured in an encounter after Hennur police opened fire on them.The five-member armed gang was attacked near Prakruthi Township, off Outer Ring Road, on Monday night. The gang had earlier barged into an apartment in Malleswaram on Monday afternoon and gagged a 60-year-old homemaker and her two sons, before fleeing with jewellery and foreign currency.The dacoits were resting on the outskirts of Hennur on Monday night and waiting for their next target. Alerted by their suspicious movements, night beat constables Kenchappa Kollur and Ramesh Nayak approached them. The dacoits immediately took out their weapons to scare away the cops and fled from the spot. They hid in a bush in Nallesh Reddy Compound on Agara Main Road.The constables alerted inspector of Hennur police station G Prabhakar through their walkie-talkie. \"Kenchappa told me that five armed men were hiding in a bush. Accompanied by my driver Ramesh and head constable Madhukumar, we rushed to the spot in a jeep around 11pm,\" Prabhakar said.Soon, Prabhakar and other policemen cordoned off the area where the dacoits were hiding. \"Suddenly three of the dacoits pounced and attacked us with crowbars and choppers. I was injured on my left shoulder, while Kenchappa, Ramesh and Madhukumar sustained injuries on their neck and shoulder,\" the inspector explained.Two dacoits injuredSensing danger, Prabhakar pulled out his revolver and warned the dacoits. \"However, they did not pay attention to my warnings. I opened five rounds of fire at them in self-defence. Two of them sustained injuries on their legs, while the others escaped,\" he said.In the middle of the encounter, Kenchappa saw that one of the dacoits threw a suitcase while he was escaping. \"When I opened the suitcase, I found gold, silver and some cash in it. Investigations revealed that they were articles stolen from a Malleswaram apartment earlier in the day,\" Kenchappa said.The injured dacoits have been identified as Ramesh Raghavendra, 27, and K Arivu Murali, 22, both from Katpadi in Tamil Nadu. They have been admitted to Ambedkar Hospital and their condition is said to be stable.Theft in MalleswaramFive dacoits barged into an apartment on Malleswaram Road on Monday afternoon and fled with 200gm gold and 500gm silver ornaments and foreign currencies after gagging the homemaker and her sons. Sri Apartment complex where the dacoits struck is located on the busy 13th Cross of Malleswaram.The dacoits gagged Jaivanthi Hiriyur, 60, and her sons Yashawanth, 30 and Satyavratha, 23, before fleeing with the booty. They knocked on the door stating they were courier boys. As soon as Jaivanthi opened the door to receive the 'parcel', the gang forced their way in and threatened her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11984383", "title": "Gang overpowers guards, breaks into 12 flats", "text": "PUNE: A five-member gang broke into 12 flats in two housing complexes at Pimple Saudagar in the early hours of Tuesday after threatening and tying up the security guards there. The police are yet to ascertain the exact worth of the valuables stolen as most of the flat-owners are not in Pune.The gang broke into nine flats at Poorva Residency and three flats at Ganesham housing society between 1.30 am and 3.30 am.Chandrakant Gurav, whose residence at Ganesham society was broken into, claimed that cash, gold and silver ornaments worth Rs 2lakh were stolen from his flat. Gurav had retired as public relations officer of the Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited.Senior inspector Shantaram Tayade of the Sangvi police station said two police teams are searching for the gang members. \"We have CCTV footage and are working on it,\" he said.The gang first struck at Poorva Residency, which has five buildings housing 200 flats. They threatened the lone security guard on duty and dumped him in their vehicle before breaking into nine flats in four wings of the housing complex.Recalling the incident, the guard, Aliyar Khan, told TOI that a multi-utility vehicle stopped outside the main gate of the complex around 1.30 am. \"Three men, who had covered their faces, got down and threatened me with sharp weapons. They tied my hands, wrapped my blanket around me and dumped me in the vehicle,\" he said.Khan said he was inside the vehicle for around an hour. \"One of the gang members was waiting in the vehicle. When the others returned, they threw me out of the vehicle and fled. I called up my superior, who informed the police,\" he said.The gang then went to Ganesham society, overpowered the four security guards there and tied them up. They broke into three flats, two of which were unoccupied and the third which had been rented by Gurav. Gurav told TOI that he and his family had gone to Kolhapur for a family function.The Ganesham society has two CCTV cameras in each building.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11986338", "title": "3 held in Banglore for killing Gobi lawyer", "text": "COIMBATORE: Defending a habitual offender proved fatal for a 59-year-old advocate from Gobichettipalyam in Erode district. The offender and his two aides allegedly strangled to death Appuswamy Sriranga Gounder, a lawyer in Gobichettipalyam and Tirupur, before dumping his body in a canal in Mandya district.Gounder had gone missing since February 11 after he left his hometown for Mandya. Brother of former MP E Chinnasamy, Gounder was known to be a leading criminal lawyer of the region, handling high-profile cases. The culprits who were arrested in Bangalore by the Karnataka police on Tuesday, said they plotted his murder when they came to know he was wealthy.Acting on a complaint filed by the lawyer's sister, Mandya police reached Bangalore on Tuesday after they discovered the victim's ATM card had been used at a petrol bunk near Raj Bhavan. Cubbon Park police swung into action, tracking the trio and arresting them on murder charges.The arrested are Mohammed Junaid Abdul Jabbar, 25, of Gadi Khana Mohalla in Chamarajnagar town, Yeshwanth Shankar, 22, from Tavarekere in Mandya and R Girish of Bindiganavile in Nagamangala taluk.Junaid, a habitual offender, had been booked by Tamil Nadu and Karnataka police on several charges including robbery, and Gounder was his counsel.He had separated from his wife long ago and was living with his younger sister's family at Edappalayam near Gobichettipalayam. He has a 22-year-old daughter, who is an engineering student in Coimbatore.On February 11, Gounder left for Mysore in his car as he had to represent Junaid in a case. Initially, Gounder was going to send a junior, but his client insisted that he come.Junaid and his friends strangled the lawyer in his car near Mysore, dumping his body in a canal in Mandya. Three ATM cards of the deceased were recovered from the arrested.Gounder, a leading criminal lawyer of the region, had gone missing since February 11 after he left his hometown for Mandya in Karnataka", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11984353", "title": "Big clients fly away from Kingfisher", "text": "MUMBAI: Banks, MNCs and even smaller companies that comprised a major chunk of Kingfisher's corporate flyers are flying away from the airline fearing schedule uncertainties. Travel agents said 60-70% of corporate flyers had started moving to other full-service carriers and even IndiGo and GoAir due to lower rates and more reliability.\"Time is precious for business flyers and hence their administrative departments have instructed us to avoid booking Kingfisher for now. There is a scramble for business class seats right now, and if not on a full service carrier, business flyers are buying the few premium seats available on low-cost carriers,\" said a Fort-based tour operator.Rajesh Rateria, Cirrus Travels MD, said, \"I have no business class traveller who is willing to buy tickets on Kingfisher.\"Pradip Lulla of Cupid Travels said, \"Only economy passengers who would go for very cheap fares are still buying Kingfisher tickets. That too is a miniscule number.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11986247", "title": "Benefits worth Rs 500cr for 1 lakh persons", "text": "MYSORE: District minister S A Ramdas on Tuesday said benefits worth Rs 500 crore will be distributed to one lakh beneficiaries by chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda in the city in March. Secretaries of various departments and ministers will attend the event hosted at Maharaja's College grounds. At least 3,000 beneficiaries will attend the event from each of the seven taluks, he said, during a review meeting. A few projects will be launched, he stated. DC P S Vastrad asked the taluk administrations to send the list of beneficiaries to the district administration. A medical camp has been organized as part of the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11984127", "title": "Film association gives strike call, silver screens to go blank tomorrow", "text": "LUCKNOW: More than 750 single screen and 50-odd multiplexes in the state will remain closed on Thursday as a mark of protest against the Centre's decision to impose service tax on the film industry. The strike call has been given by the Film Federation of India, the apex body of cinema associations and exhibitors across the country. The association has demanded withdrawal of the said 10.3% tax stating that it would tax the 'patrons' who are already paying the entertainment tax. A decision to this effect was made after talks between FFI team of executive members and finance minister Pranab Mukherjee failed on Tuesday evening.General secretary, UP Cine Exhibitors Federation, Ashish Agarwal said, \"We are not going on a strike for our cause. We simply aim to save the consumer from this additional burden of tax. Already viewers are paying 40% entertainment tax besides Value Added Tax.\" Citing FFIs president Vinod Lamba, he said this would also have a deep impact on the film industry, which is already burdened with a number of taxes. \"The cost of making a film will shoot up by 10.3%, which will make it very difficult for producers. Fewer films will limit our business,\" he said. The proposal to impose service tax on the film industry was mooted in 2010. As per the plan, the government aims to charge service tax at each stage of the film going from the producer to the distributor to the exhibitor.The single screen owners in the city will observe the strike. \"We are a member and we will adhere to the call,\" said Major (retd) Kumar Sahi of Sahu Cinema. Multiplex managers in the city were, however, confused.\"We have not received any direction from our corporate office in this regard. But, since we are a member of FFI, it is obligatory for us to support their stand,\" said Ashish Srivastava, manager of a multiplex in Gomtinagar. Cine lovers in the city are also against the tax. \"Why does government think of taxes that affect only the middle class. They should think of options to extract money from business houses,\" said Ankita Verma, a movie buff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11985764", "title": "Majority EC notices to Congress, RLD leaders", "text": "LUCKNOW: Rashtriya Lok Dal (RLD) leader Jayant Chaudhary was let off the hook by the district election authorities in Mathura on Tuesday, a day after he was caught on camera accepting money from a party worker at an election rally in Goverdhan constituency of Mathura.Among various senior Congress-RLD leaders facing ECI notice, only Jayant Chaudhary stands out. For, he is only one among the top Congress-RLD alliance leaders, slapped with a notice, who is contesting UP assembly election. This is unlike senior Congress leaders Rahul Gandhi, Salman Khurshid, Beni Prasad Verma and Digvijay Singh who are just campaigners. Interestingly, the candidature of an RLD candidate from Kairana was cancelled by the ECI on charges of double identity - and therefore flouting the model code of conduct.RLD in a statement released on Tuesday said the notice served to Jayant was \"irrational'' and that by \"accepting money from a worker for election management did not mount to violation of model code of conduct''.Jayant, a sitting MP from Mathura, is also RLD candidate from Maat constituency in the district. On Sunday, he was caught on camera taking money from a former gram pradhan of Magora, Thaan Singh, and handing it over to another person on stage during a election rally in Govardhan. Chaudhary was quick to respond to the notice served on Monday, stating that taking financial aid to run the election campaign did not mount to violation of section 171 of Representation of the People Act. The party demanded that the notice be scrapped immediately.On Monday, Congress leader Rahul Gandhi had aslo received the Election Commission notice for violating the model code by breaching the time limit as well as route map set by the authorities in Kanpur. Earlier, Congress leader Salman Khurshid was slapped with a notice by the Election Commission.Khurshid, during an election rally in Farukkhabad, from where his wife Louise is contesting, had announced 9% reservation within the OBC quota for Muslims.This was repeated by Congress leader and Union steel minister Beni Prasad Verma during an election rally in Qaimganj on February 15. Beni in his speech reportedly said that the reservation for Muslims will be increased if the Congress comes to power in UP. He reportedly went on to add that if the EC wants, it can now issue a notice to him. Congress leader Digvijay Singh too found himself embroiled in a controversy over his comment on Batla House encounter, which, he said was \"not correct''.Opposition parties, however, see this as a publicity stunt. \"This has been strategically done. All these leaders know what tantamounts to violation of the poll code,'' said Samajwadi Party spokesperson Rajendra Chaudhary. A week ago, senior BJP leader and leader of opposition in the Rajya Sabha, Arun Jaitley was quick to term it is a 'scripted controversy' of the Congress.  Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11984997", "title": "Coming soon, a nano cure wonder drug for cancer", "text": "KOCHI: The world's first nanophotomedicine is in its final stages of development in India and the Netherlands, and its phase-I clinical trials in humans will be held in a couple of years. The drug could well be in the market in the next three-four years.The nanophotomedicine was developed by a group of researchers headed by Dr Manzoor Koyakutty at the Amrita Centre for Nanosciences and Molecular Medicine, and its pre-clinical evaluation was undertaken at the Erasmus Medical Centre in the Netherlands. A Netherlands-based pharmaceutical company, Nano4therapy will undertake Phase-1 (clinical) trial in humans and later commercialize the product. The medicine for neuro-endocrine tumours can eliminate the tumour cells more efficiently than currently available therapies. The medicine, once injected, accumulates in tumour tissues because of the rational design of nanoparticles. After accumulation, a low power laser light is used to activate the nanomedicine and kill the cancer cells. \"We have developed a nanomedicine that is a non-toxic and biocompatible polymer. It will be a major alternative to radiation therapy which causes a lot of harmful side-effects to the body. The medicine given during radiation therapy costs around Rs 2-2.5 lakh and spreads all over the body, damaging healthy cells too. But this is a targeted medicine and 85-95% of it will attach itself around the tumours,\" Dr Manzoor told TOI.He said the medicine when launched in India will be cost-effective and prices will be brought down by 60%. \"The safety trials will be completed by next year and we hope to start human trials by 2014,\" said Manzoor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11984985", "title": "Supercar crash: Cyclist undergoes surgery", "text": "NEW DELHI: The cyclist, injured critically in the Lamborghini car accident, underwent a life saving surgery at the AIIMS Trauma Centre on Monday. Kishan Lal was operated for de-compression of the spinal cord nerves which caused immobility in all four limbs.The fixation of his cervical spine was also conducted. Doctors said that the surgery was successful but further monitoring is needed to assess the improvement in limb movement.\"We are hopeful that post-surgery the mobility in his hands and legs can be restored. But the chances are less,\" said a senior doctor. An MRI was conducted on Monday which showed that spinal cord nerves were compressed and the cervical spine was damaged too,the doctor said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11984804", "title": "CPI's Fonseca hits out at 'poll' surveys", "text": "PANAJI: The Communist Part of India (CPI) has filed a complaint with the Chief Election Commissioner S Y Quraishi alleging that pre-poll surveys were being conducted in Goa in violation of both the Election Commission's directives as well as the Representation of People's Act.Addressing a press briefing, CPI Panaji constituency candidate Christopher Fonseca said the party takes strong objection to an article in a Goan English daily which claims to have carried out a survey in the Panaji constituency. The article had termed Fonseca a weak candidate.Fonseca said this \"has caused irreparable damage to my campaign and strikes at the root of secret ballot by directly influencing voters.\"Fonseca said he has asked the state Chief Electoral Officer that \"an office has to be registered against the motivated and biased poll survey.\"The state election commission appears to have taken cognizance of the complaint, and Jt CEO N Navti acknowledged Fonseca's complaint in his press briefing. The CPI has also filed police complaint in the matter.Goa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11985528", "title": "Seminar on gemology on March 3", "text": "BHOPAL: A two-day national seminar on gemology would be organized by Motilal Vigyan Mahavidyalaya (MVM) from March 3. The seminar will focus on creating awareness on the scientific aspects of various gems.Prominent gemologist from all across the country will be participating in this event including Tanuja Marathe from Pune, A N Singh from Jabalpur, Pankaj Shrivastava from Jammu University among others.\"These experts will detail the scientific presentation of gems to the participants so that they are not cheated. The seminar will be opened for all and those interested in gems can participate in the seminar,\" R S Raghuvanshi, professor, MVM said.The national seminar is sponsored by MP Science and Technology council, Bhopal chapter of South Asian Association of Economic Geologist and Indian Science Congress Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11985851", "title": "Ranchi University teachers to take special classes in colleges", "text": "RANCHI: Ranchi University will be spending Rs 47.2 lakh this year for providing quality education to its constituent colleges. In the syndicate meeting held on Tuesday it was decided that the teachers from PG departments and autonomous colleges will go to other colleges to take special classes once a week.\"The conveyance for these visits will be paid by the university. Every month, Rs 1,000 will be given to teachers who will take classes in local colleges, Rs 2,000 to those who go to colleges within a range of 30-40 km from the city and Rs 4,000 to those who visit far away colleges in Gumla and Lohardaga,\" said vice-chancellor L N Bhagat.An advisory committee of 10 members will be formed in the university for providing quality education. The committee will include deans of six faculties, including social science, humanities, science, commerce and engineering, three experts appointed by the VC and one expert appointed by the members of the syndicate.Another important decision taken at the meeting was renting out auditoriums of RU to other educational institutions. \"The halls will be let out strictly for academic purposes at a nominal price. Security money will also be taken from the renters so that in case any damage is done to the property we can deduct it from the security money,\" said Bhagat.The four halls of the university that will be given out on rent are Aryabhatta hall for Rs 35,000, Convocation hall for Rs 10,000 and multi-purpose examination hall for Rs 10,000. The Shahid Smriti hall will be given out on rent only at the discretion of the VC and the rent will be fixed by him as well.At a meeting on February 11, a proposal to make an affiliation and new teaching programme committee was made which was approved of by the syndicate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11984247", "title": "Noida nursing homes move Supreme Court against eviction order", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Tuesday decided to hear the plea of 47 nursing homes in Noida which face eviction from residential areas on the basis of a December 5 judgment of the apex court.Of the 47 nursing homes, 31 pleaded through former attorney general Soli J Sorabjee that they had approached the Allahabad High Court against earlier eviction notices of the Noida Authority and had obtained a stay.A bench of Justices Swatanter Kumar and Ranjana P Desai issued notice on their application when the counsel said this crucial fact - stay granted by the HC prior to December 5 - was not brought to the notice of the apex court. Sorabjee also argued that the December 5 order was passed without the affected parties being given a chance to put forth their arguments.The other 16, which had not approached the HC, have moved the apex court against closure of their clinics and nursing homes after 21 nationalized banks had got an interim stay on their shifting from residential areas.The banks have been granted time till March 4 to shift to alternative sites. The nursing homes claimed that their lease deed and Noida Master Plan permitted setting up of medical-cum-surgical clinics in residential areas.The two applications, filed by the nursing homes through advocate Arvind K Sharma, will be decided on March 16.While dealing with a bunch of PILs, the court had on December 5 said, \"Establishment of banks and nursing homes in residential sectors meant for residential use alone is unequivocal violation of the statutory provisions in the Master Plan.\" The order permitted doctors, lawyers and architects to operate offices in residential areas limiting their activity to 30% of space on the ground floor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11987801", "title": "Cab driver injures three in Pune", "text": "PUNE: A cab driver, possibly drunk, drove right into a no-entry zone in the Cantonment area here, ramming into four cars and a few two-wheelers, injuring three persons last night, the police said. The driver works for a car rental agency. The accident was faintly reminiscent of the recent murderous drive of a state transport driver on the city's streets.The driver created panic when he drove his car from the wrong direction into the busy M G Road, hitting all vehicles that came his way. The police arrested 33-year-old driver Rishabh Talekar late last night. Talekar had come to the city on duty.While on his killer drive, Talekar was overpowered by policemen and some youths as his car slowed down after hitting the vehicles that came his way. He is undergoing medical tests that would ascertain whether his alcohol consumption levels were beyond permissible limits when he was taking his reckless drive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "aldonal", "code": "11984948", "title": "Shaken Aldona", "text": "ALDONAl: A tiny part of the Aldona constituency is still coming to terms with its massive loss. On February 18, six persons, including four children, drowned after the mini bus they were in slipped into the Mapusa River at the Aldona-Calvim ferry wharf.While Monday's funerals through Calvim island still rent the air, the high tension power line across the river that prevented the Navy helicopter from lifting the submerged bus and which was allegedly erected against the people's and comunidade's wishes features as one of the burning issues in the constituency.Other issues include no transport facility from Aldona to the lone primary health centre at Gavar; a dilapidated market structure that's a risk to shoppers; the demand for a bypass on stilts (to save fields) connecting Corjuem bridge to Nachinola; and a regional plan that is in line with people's wishes (the final RP 2021 shows more fields and orchards as settlement zone).Yet, as March 3 draws near, voters of Aldona seem to be caught between the anti-incumbency factor and the medium of instruction (MoI) issue. The latter appears to be very strong.The constituency is predominantly Catholic and an overwhelming majority of residents are in favour of being given the right to choose the medium of instruction for their children. They are demanding that government grants be given to primary schools whose PTAs have demanded English as the medium of learning.Wilfred de Souza, who is contesting on a ticket of the All India Trinamool Congress-the state unit of which he is president-told TOI that the party's stance is clear, it is all for parents' choice.The Congress' manifesto, on the other hand, also states that it will stick to its May 25 decision (grants to English medium primary schools), leaving parents here confused about the party that has behaved otherwise in the high court where the decision is being challenged. This confusion may just aid the chances of incumbent Dayanand Narvekar retaining the seat.Says de Souza: \"I have been fighting on the medium-of-instruction issue ever since Shashikala Kakodkar as education minister in 1991 gave government grants only to regional languages. I have approached the Supreme Court and high court on the matter over the last one year. The Congress, on the other hand, has sought a stay in the high court on its decision to give grants to primary schools switching to English and the Congress has prosecuted 105 schools who switched their medium of instruction.\"Glen Ticlo, a new face, who is contesting on a BJP ticket, has a lot of ground to cover on this issue in the constituency. The BJP's manifesto states that only primary schools teaching in the mother tongue and regional languages will be given government grants. Ticlo, on the other hand, has assured people in Aldona constituency that opposition leader Manohar Parrikar has promised to take everybody along when it comes to deciding on the issue.\"People want change. There is so much to be done... garbage management, unemployment, roads. People's views have been ignored when it came to planning. On the MoI issue, our leader Manohar Parrikar has assured that nobody will be hurt,\" Ticlo says.The change Ticlo is talking about is directed at Narvekar who has represented the constituency since the late 1970s barring two terms. With the anti-incumbency factor high and people yearning for a new face in the constituency political analysts say Narvekar will face a tough battle.Says de Souza, \"Trinamool Congress has given the people an option over the corrupt Congress and communal BJP.\" The Saligao-based veteran politician fancies his chances as his strongholds of Bastora and Ucassaim (formerly Saligao constituency) have been added to the Aldona constituency after the delimitation exercise. He claims he also has family ties in the village of Aldona.Narvekar, who polled 42.53% of the votes in the 2007 polls, and whose main rivals then, Kunda Chodankar (BJP) and Fermeena Khaunte (independent), are out of the picture after the constituency was delimited, says, \"I have kept the promises of my last manifesto. I have spent Rs 54 crore on building bundhs to protect fields in Aldona and Rs 12 crore to protect houses from the river in Pomburpa-Olaulim. I've also sanctioned a Rs 8.5-crore project to build a bridge to connect Quitula-Aldona to Sirsaim.\"It remains to be seen how the village of Nachinola will decide its vote. The former Tivim constituency segment is now with Aldona (as are Peddem, Camarcazana and Acoi from Mapusa constituency). Sources say zilla parishad member Freddy Fernandes, a Nachinola villager, could play a role during campaigning to help decide which candidate gets the votes.Other candidates in the fray are Julius Pereira of the Goa Su-Raj Party and Ravindra Panjikar, an independent. While the Goa Su-raj Party's ideals have been appreciated by residents in Aldona, it did not translate into votes in the last two polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11984367", "title": "Crime in Nashik hyped but need to curb vehicle thefts: Police chief", "text": "NASHIK: The new police commissioner of Nashik, Kulwant Kumar Sarangal, reckons that the crime situation is not as bad as it has been made out to be but admitted that vehicle thefts were a concern, and it would be on top of his agenda to curb it.Sarangal, in an exclusive interview to TOI, said as a first step, he will take up a special campaign to check documents of the vehicles. On an average, daily four to five incidents of vehicle thefts are being reported from the city limits.Sarangal, who took charge on February 10 of Nashik police, hardly a week before the municipal corporation elections and in the backdrop of the district being tagged the second most sensitive district in the state after Gadchiroli due to the deteriorating law and order situation by the state election commission, has decided to put the city back on track.\"Like in any other city, vehicle thefts are a major issue in Nashik. While there are chances that the stolen vehicles must be sold in Mumbai or the rural parts, our endeavour will be to check the market for such vehicles. Further, people also do not carry documents of their vehicles. Hence, we would be launching a special drive to check documents of vehicles in the city for the purpose,\" Sarangal said.But the police chief said it is not something unique to Nashik alone but was a common phenomenon across the country. \"Nashik's population is rising and hence it is but natural that the crime is going to rise. Of late, more vehicles are being stolen from residential societies than public places. We would be appealing residents to ensure that they deploy watchmen in their respective areas. Crime happens only when criminals find an opportunity. The attempt should be not providing opportunities to such miscreants.\"He said at least 2,400 policemen are looking after the safety and security of 20 lakh citizens, including the floating population \"and they are putting in their sincere efforts. The police are doing their job perfectly. They also know how to move about.\"Sarangal said while crime will continue to happen in a growing city, the police will be putting their best effort to stop crime that are preventable and detect those which have happened.Reeling out some statistics to prove his point that the city's crime has not been rising the way it is perceived to be, he said there was an increase of 100 crime-related cases in 2011 as compared to 2010. He also said that in the first two months of this year, there has actually been a drop in crime as compared to the first two months of the previous year. \"Since it was the election period, most of the offences were related to NMC elections,\" he said.He also said regulating traffic was another issue that was on his agenda and a priority for him. Sarangal said he would be taking up the traffic issue in a fortnight. \"Initially, we would be identifying peak hours of particular areas and traffic cops would be deployed and shifted from spot to spot accordingly.Sarangal said he would try and discipline the errant autorickshaw drivers by giving them an opportunity to correct themselves before cracking the whip on them. There have been rising concern among the Nashikites about the behaviour of autorickshaw drivers with the passengers, over-charging, and not parking at the allotted places thereby creating a traffic mess.\"Our objective will be to brief them about their responsibilities and discipline. If things still do not work, then the law is always there. But my objective is to give them an opportunity,\" he said, adding that he has called a meeting of union leaders of the autorickshaws and taxis to sort out the issue.Sarangal, however, refused to comment regarding internal transfers of police officials and employees and said it was a \"policy issue\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11984493", "title": "Mercury takes upward swing", "text": "JAIPUR: The dusty winds accompanied by rising temperatures across the state compelled people in the state to dump warm cloths, switch on air conditioners and sip cold beverages as Tuesday as majority of the places in the state witnessed a sharp rise in the maximum and minimum temperatures. Though many believe it was the onset of summer but the Jaipur Met office said it will take another week for the season to settle in the desert state.The average maximum temperature of the state was around 30 degree Celsius while the average minimum temperature remained at 15 degree Celsius, the Met reports said on Tuesday.Attributing the climatic change to the active western disturbances passing through the northern and southern parts of the state, the Met office said the ongoing pattern is likely to continue for the next 48 hours.Jaipurites woke up with a slightly warm morning as the city experienced a minimum temperature of 31.7 degree Celsius. It was followed by a maximum temperature of 31.7 degree Celsius, almost six degrees above normal at this time of the season. In the afternoon, heavy dust storm also lashed some parts of the city and a humidity level up to 75 per cent made people take off their warm cloths. In the afternoon, people of all walks of life were seen in their cottons.The Met office said summer is on the way and it is just a matter of one week. \"The onset of summer is judged when the average maximum and average minimum temperature of the state is recorded at or above 35 degree Celsius and 15 degree Celsius. It will take a week to witness the maximum and minimum temperatures in the state touching this level,\" an official of the Jaipur met office said.Mount Abu and Sriganganagar remained the coldest in hills and plains recording a minimum temperature of 11 degree and 11.3 degree Celsius respectively. It was followed by Vanasthali with a minimum temperature of 11.3 degree Celsius, Churu at 12, Jodhpur 13, Udaipur 13.2, Barmer 14, Bikaner 14.5, Jaisalmer 15.3, Ajmer 16.9 and Kota recorded a minimum temperature of 17.8 degree Celsius.The Met office in its forecast said the mercury would continue to take an upward swing across the state. In Jaipur the maximum and minimum temperature would be around 31 and 13 degree Celsius respectively on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11984272", "title": "World War II pilot found dead", "text": "PUNE: World War II veteran Group Captain C G I Philip (retired) was found dead at a ground near his house in Lullanagar on February 15. Philip (90), a former fighter pilot, was missing for nearly 36 hours before his body could be traced.Speaking to TOI, his son Peter Philip said, \"It is almost a week since my father's death and we still don't know what happened to him. All the required legal procedures have been completed. The matter is with the police and we are hoping that we will soon find out the reason for his death.\"Peter, a musician by profession, said that he last saw his father in the morning of February 13, when Philip was leaving home to go to a bank in the Camp area.\"My father had gone to the bank for some financial transactions. I also left home for some work and came back in the afternoon. I opened the locked door, went inside and rested till late afternoon. After I woke up, I realized that my father had still not returned. I called up the bank to enquire about him. The bank officials said he had come to the bank, but had left around 3 pm. On hearing this, I began to worry,\" Peter said.Along with his wife and friends, Peter looked around for his father and finally went and registered a missing complaint.\"On February 15, my family received a call from the police saying that a body had been found near our house. When we went there, we saw that it was my father,\" Peter said.He said his father had joined the Indian Air Force in 1942. He was asked to join operations during the World War II in Burma , where he continued to serve till 1945. In 1967, Philip was posted at Lohegaon and the family has been in the city since then. \"Two of my uncles have also served in the IAF and my grandfather, who was with the army, was posted in Burma,\" he said.Senior police inspector Bajirao Mohite said, \"The post-mortem has been done, but we don't have the exact details of what caused the death. The viscera has been preserved and sent for further analysis.\" Details about the cause of death will be known only after we get the report.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11985863", "title": "'Foreign policy coup' can better Nepal ties: Expert", "text": "PATNA: The 'Global Summit on Changing Bihar' was also a foreign policy coup. Sounds strange but is a fact, said Shaibal Gupta, member-secretary of Asian Development Research Institute (ADRI), one of the organizers of the three-day event which concluded on Sunday.Gupta, an eminent social scientist and economist, said by inviting Nepal Prime Minister Baburam Bhattarai to open the summit, a new chapter in improving Indo-Nepal relationship has been written by the government of Bihar. Bhattarai led an 18-member delegation, including ministers, here and inaugurated the summit on Friday last.In his address to the summit, Bhattarai had said, \"Nepal has social, cultural and historical ties with Bihar that transcend political boundaries. We are not just close neighbours; the nature has forced us to work together in harmony.\"Gupta, while pointing out a different aspect of the summit result, said the international agenda of our federal country should not be left to the foreign affairs ministry alone. \"In the last 65 years, there has not been any concerted effort by the Union government to improve our relationship with Nepal,\" he claimed.Incidentally, the stake of Bihar is the maximum in case the relationship with Nepal improves. Bihar shares the longest international border with Nepal. Most of the rivers which devastate Bihar originate from Nepal. \"It may banish our problems related to floods in a substantive manner and pave the way for massive generation of hydro electricity,\" Gupta said.Bhattarai, too, touched upon the issue when he said, \"Himalayan watershed feeds into most of the river systems of Bihar. During bad times, the same water creates havoc and brings miseries in the lives of our people. We can make best use of the water potential only through positive cooperation and mitigate damages that our rivers sometimes cause on us.\"The PM had expressed confidence that the summit would take up the issues that he highlighted in his address. \"I am sure the deliberations will benefit Bihar, but what you discuss here will also be useful for us across the border.\"Chief minister Nitish Kumar , too, said that Bihar and Nepal shared some problems which could be solved through mutual understanding. Talking to mediapersons who came to cover the summit, he said the hydro electricity generation could make Nepal rich and prosperous. \"We will be happy to purchase electricity from Nepal,\" he said, adding \"The visit of Nepal PM has triggered positive indications. It would be felt and analysed for decades.\"Gupta said that the population of Bihar in the areas bordering Nepal has a long social and economic relation with the Madhesi population of Nepal. \"If this relation extends to the whole of Nepal through economic cooperation, it will usher in a wholly new era of Indo-Nepal cooperation,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11985623", "title": "Street play contest brings out the creative side of students", "text": "NAGPUR: With social evils on the rise and people choosing to ignore them, Rotary Club Nagpur North Hills took the initiative to spread social awareness in society by organizing 'JAAGAR', a street play contest at Gruhini Samaj Hall on Tuesday.Groups of enthusiastic students from ten schools participated in the contest and presented their plays with zest and gusto. While one group came up with a musical play, there was another a silent play too.\"Young kids here did a fabulous job and I was so amazed by their confidence and all the efforts they put in. All of them had immense ability to voice their opinions and spread the message loud and clear,\" said Kirti Bokare, project organizer.The students were given different topics given like Save Girl Child, corruption, generation gap-myth or reality, substance abuse etc. The kids showcased their creativity and poise while they broke the formal barriers and propagated social issues.Jyotimani Rocque, secretary, mentioned that some children belonged to schools with minimal facilities and still presented the theme with dynamism, vigour and communication abilities.The kids took a lot of pain to prepare for the competition. This is a great platform for students to perform and showcase their talents, said the teachers.\"Such opportunities always encourage and motivate the underprivileged students. These kids are the future of the country and its very necessary to educate them, especially about social norms. By performing in such competitions they not only reach out and spread awareness to the audience but also get educated themselves, said teachers Giridhar Kuware and Rajhans Wanjari.\"These plays need to be spontaneous as they need to be addressed to the people at large. Acting is a part of street plays but conveying the message should be the priority. It is an excellent platform where social problems can be highlighted and solutions to those problems can be expressed and suggested,\" said Baba Rocque, one of the judges.Rotary club president Dr Shubhada Khirwadkar said, \"In the next phase we plan on taking these plays to various schools and educating the children. After all, there is more to education than just prescribed syllabuses.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11986248", "title": "Park Street rape case: Accused come up with a mystery sixth name", "text": "KOLKATA: How many persons were involved in the Park Street rape case? The victim has told police there were five, but on Tuesday one of the accused surprised investigators by naming a sixth person, Md Ali, reportedly a cousin of the accused brothers Kader and Naser Khan.Sources say that during Tuesday's interrogation, another accused corroborated Ali's presence but the third did not. Police immediately started looking for him and found that he was missing from his residence since the day Kader fled the city. His family says it has no idea where he is.The police are cautious about the claim. They wonder how seven persons could fit inside a Honda City . \"The statements are contradictory. We are yet to verify his presence and his role,\" said an investigator. He hinted that one of the accused blamed the sixth one for the rape. \"Only Kader can clear the confusion and we are now focused on tracking him down,\" said an investigator. Three teams are looking for Kader and Johnny in neighbouring states.The victim has told police that there were five men in the car. Police have found that Sumit Bajaj was driving it. This is mostly corroborated by the CCTV footage which shows Bajaj standing in front of the car when the woman gets into the vehicle. Later Bajaj is seen opening the front door, say sources. During interrogation, the arrested trio have said that Johnny, a close friend of Naser and Kader, was in the front seat beside Bajaj. Naser, Kader and Nishad Alam alias Ruman Khan were in the back seat with the victim.This matches with the victim's statement that there were three men in the back seat and two in front. The claim of a sixth puzzles police. It could be a ploy to lead them on a wild goose chase, they say.The hunt is intensifying for Johnny and Kader - who is accused to have raped the woman. Johnny owns a cell-phone shop at Kidderpore. He lives in Watgunge and also has a 'hideout' in the Entally area, say police. The arrested trio had said so far that Kader was the one who had actually raped the woman. On Tuesday, two of them suddenly came up with a new story.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11988498", "title": "Kamal is an eager learner: Pandit Birju Maharaj", "text": "Pandit Birju Maharaj on dance in today's cinema...Asked Kathak maestro Pandit Birju Maharaj to rate today's heroines on their dancing ability, and he wittily remarks, \"Just the other day, I was watching Katrina Kaif on TV. Usko naachna nahi, hilna bolte hai (We don't call it dancing, it's shaking)! Today's heroines have no personality and can't carry a dance on their own shoulders. They are nowhere in the same league as Waheeda Rehman or Meena Kumari and think that whatever they do is the right thing.\"The maestro, who has worked on films like Shatranj Ke Khiladi, Dil To Pagal Hai and Devdas, shares, \"It was a pleasure to work with Madhuri Dixit, who attended my workshops twice. She has no ego hassles and even after a dance sequence was okayed, she asked for suggestions. I get many offers to choreograph for films, but turn most of them down. Recently, I taught Kamal Haasan a few Kathak steps for his film Vishwaroopam. He is a very eager learner.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11984392", "title": "Low on people-friendliness", "text": "PUNE: Tolerance, which is key to a cosmopolitan culture, is what makes Pune stand out. People settled here when they retired from jobs, students from all over the country look for an education here and young people take up jobs and buy homes in Pune, a reflection of a mosaic hard to find in most other cities.Despite the pluses, Pune fared less than moderate in its 'cosmopolitanism' when rated in the Times Of India-IMRB Quality of Life survey. Scoring 2.9 on a scale of 5, Pune was overtaken by Mumbai's 3.4, Kolkata's 3.5, Bangalore's 3.3, Hyderabad's 3.1 and Delhi's 3. Experts who have been a part of the city's multi-hued populace rate the city high for its cosmopolitanism and egalitarianism. Preeti Roongta, co-founder of the Pune Expat Club, felt the city is emerging as a cosmopolitan one. \"The reasons are many. Pune was seen as the retirees' paradise which was laid-back and had its own pulse. Surprisingly, the city was put on the fast-track due to the various MNCs coming here. The past decade has seen an unusual thrust of these companies bringing along with them the floating employees,\" she said. Roongta feels that many people are stuck in a time wrap, and do not see the city as growing in a cosmopolitan way. \"The city has attracted lakhs of people from all over India as well as the world for employment. Germans, British, French, Americans, Spanish, Brazilians, Italian and many more have made Pune their home. The city's interiors reflect a small India, examples of communities living in perfect harmony with one another for generations,\" she said.The international student community that is growing every year gives the city another dimension. \"The entry of big brands, malls, international eateries and schools are all evidences of the cultural upheaval the city is going through,\" she said.Deepak Morris, author, playwright, actor and director, said that Pune has always been cosmopolitan, though this nature is somewhat hidden by its tranquil approach to life. \"My grandfather's business took him all over India, but he finally chose Pune to settle down because, in terms of education and prospects for growth as well as climate and the nature of its people, he found Pune the best. From the beginning, the city has welcomed people from all over the country and abroad,\" he said.Students come from all over the country to study here and the 90s saw several students from African and Middle-Eastern countries drawn to Pune for its educational courses. \"The setting up of the Osho commune brought in a lot of people from all over the world and many foreigners are astonished when rickshaw drivers and fruit sellers address them in English. The trend of foreigners coming in has been strengthened by the various business joint ventures with foreign companies in and around Pune. They add variety and vibrancy to the city,\" said Morris.Pune's cosmopolitan nature can also be seen in the way local communities celebrate all festivals, setting up tableaux in the same spots for Ganeshotsav, Eid and Christmas. \"Perhaps in perception, Pune appears not as cosmopolitan as other cities because we Puneites do not see ourselves as anything other than Puneites. In that same spirit we welcome everyone and treat them as Puneites too,\" added Morris.The city has also witnessed the rise of various communities over the years, cocooned in pockets. \"The Sindhi community has grown here, due to the flourishing IT and educational sectors. The influx of professionals and students in the city has led to a sharp rise in the youth of Pune. Thus, there is an unmistakable vibrancy in the cosmopolitanism of Pune, which does not differentiate between communities and creeds. We have seen an increased activity, with an increasing number of youngsters from all walks of life raring to join the mission's community service programmes and its youth-wing, the Bridge Builders,\" said Naresh Singhani from the Sadhu Vaswani Mission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11984653", "title": "Right lifestyle can help fight weather changes", "text": "VARANASI: For students, the onset of changing weather spells doom. \"Dizziness, lethargy and laziness at the time when the examination season is drawing close is the phase which I dislike the most,\" said Richa Srivastava, a student of statistics at the Banaras Hindu University.Srishti Shukla, another student who would appear for IIT JEE examination in the coming months, complained that she hated changes in weather as it affected her routine and her fitness. \"I don't like the idea of conducting exams in this season,\" shared Harshi Srivastava, a Class 10 grader.\"It is the time when students would want to devote maximum time to studies. However, the winds in this changing season are like sleeping pills. I feel so sleepy most of the time. Apart from that, if precautions are not taken, the wind that blows in this season along with examination stress can also lead to various other kinds of problems like bad stomach, vomiting, joint pains of which most of the stressed students come complaining about,\" shared Dr Punam Rani Shukla, senior research scientists and counsellor at department of Kaya Chikitsa, Institute of Medical Science ( IMS), BHU .However, from diet, exercise to making the studies interesting, there are plenty of ways to combat the laziness of the season. If the student cousellors, teachers and yoga trainers of the city are to be believed, a little change in lifestyle of the students can make them fit and rejuvenated.According to Ravi Kant, a yoga trainer at Arya Mahila Inter College at Chetganj area, lifestyle has become very tedious and contaminated these days, but adopting a healthy routines and practising some daily yogic exercises would make things easier for students. \"No matter whatever time you get up, some students soak up the concepts better at night while some find Brahmamuhurat (3 am to 6 am) good for studies. Although getting up early in the morning is always good, changing the routine suddenly upside down during exams would lead to complications. In fact, the strategy should be to take out some time for exercise. For morning persons, the time is good for exercise, and for those who get up late, the best time for physical exercise is evening,\" added Ravi Kant.According to him, cycling, brisk walk and jogging are some of the exercises that students who like outdoor activities must follow. \"A number of students prefer to stay at home, and for Pranayam that includes aasan like Naadi Shodan, Sheetali, Kapalbharati, Brahmari, which helps in keeping away excess fat, respiratory diseases and mental fatigue, is recommended. Surya Namaskar is another yoga asana that is complete in itself and makes the body active and fresh throughout the day,\" said Ravi Kant.According to Shukla, a good balanced diet, especially home cooked, low fat food with higher intake of carbohydrates is necessary for students. \"Eating habits affect the thought process and therefore students must take proper food and avoid eating junk food and overdose of tea and coffee. This would help fighting stress and laziness of the season as well,\" she added.Apart form eating and exercise habits, some changes in the study pattern can also make students attentive during examination period. \"Solving and resolving a mathematical problem, trying making own notes and point-wise revision instead of re-reading the whole chapter would solve the purpose for students.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11984124", "title": "No court stay on Mumbai's road audit by Swiss company", "text": "MUMBAI: In a development that may help break the hold a group of contractors has over road works in the city, the Bombay high court on Tuesday refused to stay the quality audit of Rs 900-crore road projects by a Switzerland-based firm. It also observed that it might not be necessary to call for tenders to appoint an auditor.A division bench of Justice Sharad Bobade and Justice R D Dhanuka said any stay on the work being carried out by Geneva-based SGS Consultancy at this stage \"might frustrate the very intention of the civic body of simultaneous audit of road works, and would operate against public interest. It might result in (the) stoppage of road works\".The court's order paves the way for the BMC to issue a formal work order to SGS, which had started auditing road repairs in October 2011.The state and the BMC's efforts to deal with contractors also got a boost. The high court considered the argument that if the work of quality audit was awarded through tenders to the lowest bidder, there was a possibility that the process might be jeopardized by the contractors, who could set up bidders to give reports in their favour.\"We are prima facie of the view that appointment of an auditor does not involve execution of a work or supply of materials and, therefore, it might not be necessary for the commissioner to invite tenders (for allotting work to a quality auditor),\" said the judges. However, as their view was at odds with a 2006 HC order that ruled that audit work of city roads should be done only through a tender process, the judges referred the issue to a larger bench.Senior advocates Iqbal Chagla and E Bharucha, appearing for SGS and the BMC, respectively, insisted that the corporation had the power to choose a world-class contractor to supervise and assess city roads.\"The road contractors quote prices that are 20-30% less, which is why reputable firms do not participate in the tender process,\" said advocate Chagla. \"Though the BMC has been conducting audit of road works since 2005, the situation has not changed. This necessitated the appointment of a world-class quality auditor like SGS,\" added the advocate. SGS also submitted before the court a report of what it had found-contractors laying roads that were 50% thinner than the approved norms, shoddy materials and use of concrete mix that did not meet approval.The petition filed by former NCP corporator Niyaz Vanu had challenged the BMC's decision to appoint SGS without calling for tenders.Senior advocate S Aney, counsel for the petitioner, said SGS was to be paid over Rs 4 crore for the work, which could have been done by 16 other audit firms in the city at a lower cost.SGS and BMC lawyers argued that the 2006 judgment did not apply in the case of handing over the audit work to a firm, as the nature of the task was supervisory, involved forming an opinion and could be given only to a firm that had the trust and confidence of the corporation.They also contended that as per the BMC Act only those contracts which involved execution of a work or supply of materials should be through a tender process. The tender rule does not apply to appointments of a fiduciary nature such as that of an auditor, advocate or a chartered accountant.The court agreed and referred the issue of whether it was necessary to call for tenders for appointing a quality auditor for roads to a larger bench. The petitioner's application for an interim stay on the audit work was also rejected by the court. The HC pointed out that Vanu had approached the court after a considerable delay - four months after SGS had started the work, where the whole tenure of the contract was only for eight months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11985613", "title": "Two more held for Betma gang-rape", "text": "INDORE: Two more were arrested on Tuesday in connection with the Betma gang-rape, taking the total number of those arrested to 15. Three unidentified accused are still at large and the Indore police have announced Rs 10,000 reward for information on each of them.ASP Padmavilochan Shukla hoped nterrogation of the arrested could help nab the absconding trio.The two arrested on Tuesday were identified as Golu and Ashu. They are among 18 men who allegedly gang-raped the two cousins in Betma on February 10.Meanwhile, 13 accused in the case were produced in the Depalpur court on Tuesday after the police remand ended. They were sent to judicial custody for three days. The ASP said that Ashu and Golu, who were arrested on Tuesday, would be produced in Depalpur court on Wednesday.Political parties are meanwhile alleging that the police had been dragging its feet.Local Congress MLA Satyanarayan Patel claimed that the police knew about the crime soon after it was committed, but kept quiet. He said the incident came to light only after the MMS started circulating in the village. A section of local BJP leaders too pointed fingers at alleged police inaction.The victims had lodged a complaint about a week after the rape against 13 men including local BJP councilor Rajni Bharti's son Vikas and former Congress corporator's grandson Dilip Kushwaha.However,Indore SSP A Sai Manohar said the victims had not lodged a complaint soon after, and the incident happened about four to five kilometers from Betma. He added the police had recorded the statement of her mother saying she was not aware of the crime until the girls told her about it. \"It was after this that she lodged a complaint with the Betma police,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11984099", "title": "Don't cut trees for legislators' parking lot: HC", "text": "BANGALORE: Construction of a multi-level car parking facility near the Legislators' Home (LH) is in limbo now. The high court on Tuesday issued an interim direction to the authorities not to prune or fell trees without the court's permission.A division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen ordered notice to the government and the BBMP, asking them to file replies within two weeks on a PIL filed by advocate Ramesh Babu.\"You (government) have to show how it doesn't form part of Cubbon Park,'' the division bench observed when the government advocate said the earlier application seeking permission was withdrawn as it was found that the area in question isn't part of Cubbon Park. The government advocate said the project has been taken up to set up parking facilities for visitors to Vidhana Soudha and the LH. The petitioner complained that though the government had withdrawn its application in October last year seeking the court's permission for construction of the facility, work was going on and eight trees had been cut.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11984511", "title": "Liquor bottles found at Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company's office", "text": "NASHIK: Rattled by the fact that some empty liquor bottles were found at the consumer grievances cell of the Nashik zone headquarters of the Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited (MSEDCL), the company has issued a show-cause to the concerned junior engineer, demanding an explanation on the issue.\"It is not a healthy sign if liquor bottles (albeit empty) are found on the company premises, especially in the offices. It will definitely tarnish the image of the company in the eyes of the people. We have taken the issue seriously and have ordered an inquiry into the matter,\" executive engineer ST Surwade said.The bottles were discovered on Monday evening when some citizens arrived at the MSEDCL office to register their complaints pertaining to safety measures to be taken around the distribution box. \"We were there to demand safety measures against the open distribution box. But since there was nobody to attend to the issue, we peeped in the room to look for people, only to find empty bottles near one of the lockers of the employees of the cell,\" said Rajesh Pandit.The issue was raised with company officials, who have taken note of it. \"After receiving the complaint, we ordered an enquiry into the incident. The cell comes under the jurisdiction of the Jail Road junior engineer, to whom we have issued a notice. He will enquire into the event and send a report to us,\" an official said.The officials however claimed that the by 11am, when the last of the employees left the office for a collection drive, none of them had seen the bottles there. They said that if the bottles had been found, it meant that they had been dropped there by someone. \"We are tracing our records to find out who could be the culprit. We want to know who dropped the bottles off in the office as access to the area is highly restricted,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "11985186", "title": "Straw revolution in kole lands", "text": "THRISSUR: The kole lands here are in the midst of a 'straw revolution'. The straw from the paddy fields are collected and bundled using baling machines and transported to various destinations in the state.For the joint Padasekhara Samithi of Venkitangu Panchayat and Puzhaykkal Block, which has undertaken the contract of supplying straw this season, it's a business worth Rs 3.50 crore.The main buyers of straw are Milma (Ernakulam), Farmer's Society and Guruvayur Devaswom. Straw-baling is being done at 2,000 acres in Venkitangu and 4,000 acres in Puzhakkal Block. Nearly 6,000 tonnes of straw will be baled and supplied to customers. Straw worth Rs 3.6 crore will be sold within two months at Rs 6,000 per tonne. After deducting the cost of baling and handling charges, the net profit will be distributed among the farmers, said the convener of the joint group, Parameswaran. A farmer is expected to get at least Rs 2,500 to Rs 3,000 per acre as net profit. Earlier, due to labour shortage, farmers either used to burn the straw or mix it with the soil. Two years ago, Agricultural Research Station (ARS) of Kerala Agricultural University (KAU), Mannuthy under the leadership of Dr U Jaikumaran introduced a round baling machine of Redlands Ashlyn Motors Plc, Thrissur. They tested its feasibility for straw baling and found it handy.\"This was done as part of 'Operation Ponnamutha 300/5' project. Last year, straw worth Rs 5 lakh was baled and sold. More companies introduced baling machines this year, said Jaikumaran, the brain behind the 'Food Security Army,' a concept visualized to recognize farming as the most respected profession in the country.'John Deere' is operating four square baling machines and 'KARTAR' three round baling machines in kole lands now. 'Redlands' has sold 16 round balers, which are operating here now. 'John Deere' balers cost Rs 8.5 lakh and its bales weigh 16-18 kg on an average. Its output is around 1,000 bales per day.A 'KARTAR' baler cost Rs 3.8 lakh and its output is 350-400 bales per day with each bale weighing around 20-25 kg. Redlands Balers cost Rs 4 lakh and its output is 600-800 bales per day with each bale weighing around 12-15 kg.On an average, baling cost is about Rs 24 to Rs 30 per bale depending on the baler. The straw is sold at Rs 6 per kg. The owner of a unit charges Rs 23 to Rs 30 per baling and makes Rs 10,000 to Rs 30,000 a day. A baling unit (tractor + baler) can make up to Rs 9 to Rs 15 lakh per season from the kole land alone. Bank of India (CPC unit), Thrissur is financing this ambitious project of the joint Padasekhara Samithi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11983914", "title": "Ornaments worth Rs 70L stolen", "text": "MUMBAI: Some persons entered a jewellery shop through the roof and fled with gold and silver ornaments worth over Rs70 lakh near Machi Market in Kanjur Marg (E) on Monday night.The police said the thieves first entered two shops after breaking the back doors but could not find anything of worth. Finally, they entered the Vaibhav Laxmi jewellery store.Jeweller Kishore Karmase (52) opened the shop on Tuesday morning and found the safe locker in a cupboard broken and the booty missing. Karmase said, \"The burglar(s) broke the iron cupboard to get hold of the locker and took the valuables.\"Deputy commissioner of police (zone VII) Sanjay Shintre said they were getting details of the criminals. Assistant inspector M R Salunkhe said the thieves entered the shop from the roof and fled from there too. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11988685", "title": "Amitabh says Beti B not named Abhilasha! Then what?", "text": "Beti B is back in the news, this time for her name! Ever since Abhishek announced that the name of Baby B has indeed been finalised and will be announced soon, speculations have been doing the rounds all over again.It's well-known that Aishwarya Rai Bachchan and Abhishek Bachchan's daughter's name will begin with an 'A'. First, the name Aaliya was being contemplated within the grapevine. However, Abhishek confirmed that the baby's name is not Aaliya.Now, there's a lot of money being put on the name Abhilasha! Apparently, even Shobha De has gone ahead and tweeted, \"Beti B to be named Abhilasha?That's a stroke of genius.Well done,parents.Abhi and Ash .Truly inspired, if true.\" Amitabh squashed this rumour with a single tweet of his that read, \"\"Not true...\"People seem to be positive about the name Abhilasha simply because it consists of both parents' names - Abhi and Ash! However, Abhilasha it is not! So let the name game continue until one is made official by the Bachchan family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "theni", "code": "11985699", "title": "Four of family dead as jeep rams into bus", "text": "THENI: A pilgrimage to a temple in Madurai district turned tragic for a family from Theni district when four of them, including two women were killed in a road mishap. The family was returning in a jeep after visiting the Karumathur temple near Madurai for Sivaratri celebrations when it rammed into a government bus.Police said that Ambuthevan (74), a native of Vadakupatti in Cumbum of Theni district and his wife Kamayi, along with 11 of their family members and relatives had set off from their village on Monday in a jeep for offering prayers at their family deity's temple at Karumathur near Usilampatti. The family had visited the temple later in the day and participated in the Mahasivaratri celebrations on Monday night.After spending the night at the temple, Ambuthevan and his family began the trip back in the wee hours of Tuesday. They were returning to their native in the vehicle driven by Parasu (35) of the same village, when the mishap occurred. Police said that the vehicle was nearing Palanichettipatti near Theni around 5am when the driver lost control of the vehicle and rammed into a government bus heading from Cumbum to Dindigul.The entire portion of the vehicle was mangled beyond recognition and the passengers inside were trapped. The shocked passers-by rushed there to rescue the injured inmates. But since they were trapped in the crushed vehicle they could not pull them out and informed the police and fire and rescue services personnel.Police and fire and rescue services personnel rushed to the spot and embarked on rescue operations. However, they found four of the passengers already dead due to the impact, but managed to rescue the other injured. Police said that four of the occupants, Chandran (33), his wife Malathi (30), Sudha (35) and jeep driver Parasu had succumbed on the spot due to the multiple injuries they suffered.Ambuthevan, Kamayi and eight others, including four children Nagaraj (11), Varsha (14), Rohit (9) and Ruban (8) sustained severe injuries. The conductor of the government bus was also injured.They were immediately rushed to the government hospitals at Theni and Madurai where they are being treated in intensive care units. Police suspect that the jeep driver had dozed off and lost control of the vehicle causing the mishap.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11986388", "title": "Photo exhibition receives good response", "text": "RANCHI: The photo exhibition put up by the state Information and Public Relations Department (IPRD) at the Jharkhand International Trade Fair is getting a good response and a number of visitors even expressed the willingness to buy them.\"One of the visitors was willing to buy five photographs and was ready to pay Rs 5,000 for each. When he learnt that they were not for sale he was disappointed,\" said one of the officials.An elderly couple from Ashok Nagar felt the state government should organize such exhibitions for local photographers. \"I feel in future even better photographers will participate,\" said N K Singh, who spent around two hours at the exhibition.Deputy director of IPRD, Snehlata Ekka said the department has been getting a large number of calls right from the time the exhibition was inaugurated on Sunday by chief minister Arjun Munda .\"I have personally received more than 50 calls in the past three days and some of the art lovers have called even twice or thrice. I have been explaining to them that the photographs are part of the competition organized by the department for local photographers and cannot be sold unless there is a clearance from the committee,\" said Ekka, adding that she will put up the matter before the committee.\"If the committee agrees to the proposal for putting the photographs on sale we can go ahead,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11985767", "title": "Thieves burgle two houses, loot 42 sovereign of jewels", "text": "MADURAI: A gang of robbers broke open two houses adjacent to each other and decamped with gold jewellery to the tune of 42 sovereigns in the city, on Tuesday.Police said that in one of the incidents, the thieves gained entry into the house of one Veeraragavan, a resident of Krishanapuram near Vandiyur by breaking open the lock of the house. Veeraragavan had left for a temple in Virudhunagar to participate in Mahashivatri celebrations there. The thieves had decamped with 24 sovereigns of gold jewels and cash to the tune of Rs 15,000 besides silver utensils left in the almirah of the house. Veeraragavan, who reached home on Tuesday morning found the house and the almirah broken open and lodged a complaint with the police.Meanwhile, his neighbour Umarani also approached the police complaining that her house was also broken open. Police said that Umarani had also locked her house and gone to her parents house in the neighbourhood to take part in the Shivaratri prayers. She had complained that 20 sovereigns of gold jewellery was missing from her house.Police said that there was no electricity in the locality when the thefts occurred and the culprits had made use of this opportunity. Police said that it must be the same set of thieves who must have stolen from both the houses. In fact, the thieves had attempted to break into another house in the same locality. However, the culprits had to quit half way as electric supply resumed, they added.Police conducted inquiries in the neighbourhood and lifted fingerprints from the spot. Sniffer dogs were also brought to trace the culprits. Police said that the culprits might have been observing the houses for a long time and could have struck on Tuesday night after confirming that the residents have left the houses. The cops are inquiring if any of the residents spotted any strangers in the area on the day.The incident has shocked the residents of the locality who have approached the police to provide with adequate security and increase patrolling in the residential areas whenever there was a power cut. Meanwhile, in Virudhunagar district a woman was robbed of her chain when she was returning from a temple after offering prayers in view of the Mahasivarathiri celebrations in the wee hours of Tuesday. Before the woman could raise an alarm the man fled the place with the chain, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11983382", "title": "RTI lessons for Class VIII students unlikely next year", "text": "HYDERABAD: The citizen empowering tool of the Right to Information (RTI) Act, is finding it tough to make an entry into the text books of the state high school syllabus. The AP State Council for Education Research and Training (APSCERT) had accepted the state information commission's proposal to introduce RTI in Class VIII text books in 2010. It was then decided that the lesson on RTI would be included in the curriculum of the 2011-12 academic year but till date there has been no progress in this regard. The lesson would be missing in the next academic year of 2012-13.The SCERT authorities, however, say that the lesson would be included in the academic year of 2013-14. \"The inclusion of the lesson got delayed because we are revising the syllabus of various classes phase wise as per the Right to Education Act-2008,\" said B Seshu Kumari, director, APSCERT. \"We have recently revised the Class VI and VII syllabus and very soon would work towards revising the syllabus of Class VIII, IX and X,\" she said. Seshu Kumari further stated that when the Class VIII textbooks are revised, the committee would take cognizance of the RTI lesson under the new category and implement it.\"We have got various recommendations and since the RTI is a vast subject we would implement it appropriately,\" she said. Another senior officer of the APSCERT said that the project might have been delayed since the inclusion of a RTI related subject was a strenuous exercise and would need widespread consultations.While the APSCERT authorities say that the lesson will be well on its way in to the textbooks soon, the information commission says they have been pursuing it ardently. Jannat Hussain, chief information commissioner said, \"We have been pushing for the inclusion of the lesson in the high school syllabus. We are pursuing the proposal as and when possible.\"The RTI already finds a reference in the Class V textbook of the environmental sciences subject. The RTI related lesson was included in the academic year of 2009-10 following pressure from the civil society groups on the government. However, inclusion of the RTI Act in the syllabus seemed to have serve the purpose as the right usage of the RTI Act was not conveyed properly,\" felt B Ramakrishna Raju, convener of United Forum for RTI campaign who was instrumental in getting the RTI subject lesson included in the Class V syllabus.Raju, who had in the past met the concerned officials to include the lesson in the high school syllabus, said, \"Though it is important that Class V students get familiar with the RTI Act, it is essential for the students to know about the existence and utility of the act as it would benefit them,\" said Raju, citing a recent instance of a Delhi school boy who had lost his bicycle and used the RTI to pursue the progress of the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11984602", "title": "2 absconding murder accused arrested", "text": "VARANASI: Sonbhadra police arrested two Allahabad-based criminals in Bijpur area on Monday night. The duo had recently killed two brothers in a loot bid in Baidhan township in Madhya Pradesh and were on the run.Sonbhadra SP Mohit Agrawal said that Shivshankar Soni and Dilip Soni, the two brothers, were returning home after closing their shop in Baidhan township in MP on Monday evening when two armed miscreants intercepted them.Sonis tried to take out their licensed revolver to retaliate, but before they could succeed, the miscreants opened fire on them. Both the brothers died on the spot while the miscreants fled after looting Rs 1.50 lakh and their licensed revolver.On receiving information of the incident, the MP police swung into action and also alerted the cops of neighbouring Sonbhadra district. The Sonbhadra cops cordoned off the bordering areas and launched a massive checking drive. During the same drive, the police tried to stop two motorcycle-borne youths when the latter opened fire and tried to escape. But the cops chased them down.They were identified as Manoj Pal and Pradeep Pasi of Colonelganj police station area in Allahabad district. The police recovered the looted cash and the revolver besides a country-made revolver, 20 live cartridges and a motorcycle from their possession. Sonbhadra SP announced a cash reward of Rs 5,000 for the police team for this achievement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11986202", "title": "Whispers in tense Kolkata police headquarters reveal officers\u2019 angst", "text": "KOLKATA: Monday's public humiliation of two of the brightest officers of Kolkata Police at Writers' Buildings has not gone down well with the force. The mood at the Lalbazar HQ was grim on Tuesday, the buzz of activity replaced by furtive whispers.The officers and ranks couldn't come to terms with the way joint commissioners Damayanti Sen and Jawed Shamim were summoned to Writers', hauled up in spite of cracking the carrape case, and asked to clarify that chief minister Mamata Banerjee had not interfered in the investigation and that there was no groupism in the force.The after-effect was clearly seen at Lalbazar - the nerve centre of the 40,000-strong force. Senior officers remained tight-lipped all day and stayed inside their offices. The tension was palpable. By the end of the day, what was discussed in hushed whispers trickled out in the open.\"The press conference should have been avoided. It doesn't augur well for a disciplined force. The mere mention of 'groupism' and a 'clarification' that the entire force works under the commissioner is bound to have its fallout,\" said an ADG-ranked officer. \"Even if such a press conference was necessary, it should have been done by the police commissioner - after all he is the one in charge. They should have realised that the people speaking at Writers' (Sen and Shamim) have been lauded by the media and the people for cracking a difficult case that was complicated by their superiors' jumping the gun. Making them say such things, with their faces looking grim, was bound to trigger more debate,\" the officer said.Many officers - including a few subordinates of the two joint commissioners - felt that the two bright and upright officers (this was repeatedly stressed) were made the fall guys in the cut-throat battle at higher levels to gain \"chief minister Mamata Banerjee's proximity\". The word \"lobby\" kept figuring in these discussions.An officer argued: \"The core issue is who briefed the chief minister wrongly? It couldn't have been the joint commissioners. Hierarchy would have stopped them from calling up the CM directly. It either had to be the commissioner or the special commissioner. So who exactly briefed CM? And why didn't they bother to cross-check with the detective department before hastily concluding that it was a fabricated case and passing the information to the CM?\" Some senior officers said: \"It couldn't have been the commissioner because he is unlikely to pass on unverified information to the chief minister. Who informed the CM, then?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11988521", "title": "Title change for Vimal's film", "text": "Director Ravi Lallin's forthcoming film, starring Vimal, Oviya and Dipa Shah, will henceforth be titled Sillunu Oru Sandhippu.Ask the director why he chose to change the title from Silu Silunu Oru Sandhippu, and he says, \"Several friends and well-wishers told me that they found it difficult to pronounce the earlier title. So, I changed it to something simple.\" Does he think the new title will give the film a leverage as it's similar to Suriya's earlier film, Sillunu Oru Kadhal? \"It's become difficult to name a film without it sounding similar to one of the films that has released earlier. Though Engaeyum Eppothum and Engeyum Kadhal sound similar, the two are different in content. My film will also have something new to offer to the audience,\" he claims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "mayyar (hisar)", "code": "11984410", "title": "Ab to maan ja Hooda ji mhari ye guhhar...", "text": "MAYYAR (HISAR): Even as the deadlock between agitating Jats and the district administration continues, adding flavour to the ongoing tussle are Bhajan Mandlis singing Raagni and Saangs (Haryanvi folk songs), who have started camping at the site of agitation.This comes in the wake of hundreds of women from nearby villages joining the agitation and sitting on dharna along with their male counterparts near the rail tracks of Ramayan village. While the Jat leaders were having one-to-one meeting with parliamentary affairs minister Randeep Singh Surjewala, the Bhajan Mandlis were on their job of entertaining the agitators.The Bhajan Mandlis were specially invited by the Jat Arakshan Sangharshan Samiti. From Bollywood remixes to Haryanvi songs and dances, the artists have something for everybody, so far as entertainment by folksongs is concerned. The most popular with the agitators was a self-composed song, \"Ab to maan ja Hooda ji mhari ye guhhar-ye aarakshan de de na bhatakwa apne dwar..'' composed for the occasion.\"Based on the demand by Jat leaders, we had composed this bhajan, directed at the Haryana government. I had penned the song and we had very little time for rehersal before going to perform,'' head of the team, Suni Guru, said. He has also composed a special song in memory of Sunil Sheoran, who fell prey to police firing during the Mayyar agitation, Guru said.\"Humare yaha pe aakar koi bhe bore nahi hota. Humare pass sabhi ke liye har ek intezaam hai. Gaon ki auroton ke liye Ragini chala rakhi hai to logo ke liye Hukka-Paani ka pura prabandh hai. (We shall ensure that nobody gets bored here. From Ragini and Saang to smoking hukkas, we have arranged everything),\" said Dharam Singh , a villager.Young men and women could be seen sitting around the artists, while some could be seen discussing possible repercussions if the government does not accede to the demand. Elsewhere, a group of old men and women were discussing whether Jats would be able to have place in OBC quota or not.A villager, Bhal Singh, sporting a smile, could be heard saying, \"Getting a place in OBC quota looks imminent. Participation of women is a clear indication that the fight will reach a conclusive end.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11984051", "title": "Former CM, family lands in fresh soup", "text": "BANGALORE: B S Yeddyurappa and his family have been linked to another corruption inquiry. The Supreme Court-appointed Central Empowered Committee (CEC) is examining fresh documentary evidence against Yeddyurappa that he received kickbacks from mining companies in return for granting them mining lease.Dharwad-based Samaj Parivartan Samudaya (SPS), an NGO fighting illegal mining, submitted fresh documents during the CEC hearing on February 18. The NGO claimed that real estate firms owned by Yeddyurappa's family allegedly received Rs 6-crore kickbacks in return for granting 330-acre mining lease to R Praveen Chandra in Chitradurga district in October 2010.In the 113-page documents submitted to the CEC, it has been alleged that Bhagat Homes Pvt Limited (BHPL) and Dhavalagiri Property Developers Pvt Ltd (DPDPL), owned by Yeddyurappa's family, received Rs 2.5 crore and Rs 3.5 crore. Both payments are shown in the balance sheets of BHPL and DPDPL and the same have been produced before the CEC to substantiate the charges.\"We have sought to show Yeddyurappa's favours towards Praveen Chandra; it is up to the CBI now to take it to another level,\" Hiremath of SPS said.Apart from this, the NGO has submitted documents to show favours allegedly received by Prerana Educational and Social Trust, owned by Yeddyurappa's sons, from various sources, including some of the group companies of JSW Steel Ltd.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11985221", "title": "One more held in Thakre murder case", "text": "NAGPUR: A Gittikhadan police team has trapped an assailant in Keshavrao Thakre murder from Zingabai Takli on Tuesday.The accused Vinod Zade was arrested and handed over to Imambada police, who had already taken more than 10 people in custody for the murder which took place over political rivalry in the civic polls. Thakre had worked for BJP's winning candidate Ravindra Bhoyar in the civic polls, earning the wrath of his political rivals.Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) candidate Sanjay Barai, along with his family member and supporters, had brutally killed Thakre after the poll results were declared. Barai and others had been nabbed but Zade was absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11985857", "title": "5 from NIFT Patna to attend Wills contest", "text": "PATNA: As many as five students of NIFT Patna would take part in the eastern zonal competition of 'Wills Lifestyle Debut Awards'- an all-India competition for final year students of fashion designing - to be held in Kolkata from Wednesday. This year the theme of the fashion show is 'Urban Heritage'.The five students who have received the honour of representing Bihar at the competition are: Dharmendra Kumar, Neha Sharma, Ritu, Pragati Bairagi and Manju Mehra.\"As many as 300 fashion designing students from across the country participated in the first round of competition, out of which 32 were shortlisted for the second (zonal) round,\" Sanjay Shrivastava, HoD, fashion designing, NIFT Patna, told TOI. He added, \"The selected 10 winners at the zonal level would showcase their designs at the final round of 'The Debut' in New Delhi in the first week of March.\"\"The winners would be felicitated with a trophy and a certificate and all expenses-paid trip to an International Fashion Fair of repute,\" said Monika Garg, director general, NIFT, Patna. \"All my students would be presenting Bihar's traditional art and craft through their designs,\" said SC Jha, director NIFT, Patna.Dharmendra Kumar, one of the selected students, would be promoting local 'Sujni' art at the fashion show. Ritu, who is very fond of 'Sikki grass craft of Sitamarhi', said, \"I would be crafting high fashion garments.\" Inspired with the magic of 'mehndi', Neha Sharma's collection would contain intricate designs and patterns of 'mehndi'. \"My method would translate the uniqueness of this art form on to the garments to emphasize on 'mehndi' as an art to wear.\"Pragati Bairagi, another participating student said, \"My collection is a tribute to arts and crafts of West Bengal like 'Kantha' embroidery, scroll painting and 'Patachitra'. On the other hand, the garments of Manju Mehra are inspired from urban heritage of Indian embroideries. She said, \"I am breaking the rule of embroideries, using white fabric and white thread for all embroideries including 'Chikankari', 'Kashida', 'Kantha' and bead work on 'Chanderi' silk fabric.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11984802", "title": "Walkway awaits CM's date for inauguration", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Three stretches of walkway at the Sabarmati Riverfront, about 3.5 km in length, are almost ready and are awaiting a date from chief minister Narendra Modi to formally inaugurate it.It was expected that the walkway would be inaugurated during the Kankaria carnival which was held in the last week of December. But officials said that the AMC officials were told that the CM did not want to inaugurate the same through remote control from Kankaria.The CM wanted to inaugurate the same from the lake front only. Of the three stretches, two are on the western bank and one on the eastern bank.\"The walkway between Subhash Bridge and Dadhichi Rishi bridge on the eastern bank and the two on the western bank of the river between Gandhi Bridge and Nehru Bridge, and between Ambedkar Bridge and Vasana Barage are ready,\" said an AMC official.Officials said that the work of tree plantation has already been completed and the decorative lighting has also been almost installed. The walkway is expected to be popular among residents of Ahmedabad who could use it for jogging or simply for some recreation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11984494", "title": "MLA 'has role in land-grab'", "text": "GURGAON: Haryana minister for public health Kiran Chaudhary has directed the Gurgaon district administration to remove \"encroachments\" on a 2.5-acre piece of land in Sohna that belongs to the department. She has also marked a copy of this letter to chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda .In her letter, Chaudhary has alleged chief parliamentary secretary and local MLA Dharambir Gauba of involvement in the land-grab.Soon after the intervention of the state minister, the district administration prohibited any further construction activity on the said piece of land. \"We have asked the department to take over the land and start fencing it so that no further irregularities take place. We will extend all possible assistance for the same,\" said deputy commissioner P C Meena.When TOI visited the spot, there were boundary walls raised by different committees as suggested by the signboards outside entrance gates. There were people sitting inside these areas who didn't respond to the reporter's queries. However, there was no construction activity taking place at that point of time.Speaking over the telephone from Chandigarh, Chaudhary said the local residents had approached her after failing to stop the land-grab by certain influential individuals.\"The land measuring 19 kanals and 14 marlas was meant for sewage disposal of Sohna town. But the disposal was shifted to some other piece of land. Now, this land being in a prime location (opposite Sohna bus stand), is worth crores and the department will utilize it for its future activities,\" said Chaudhary.On the other hand, the Municipal Committee of Sohna has passed a resolution to \"allot this land to 12 different societies without having the legal authority to do so... This has aggravated the situation of illegal encroachments...\" reads the letter.The department also refuted the earlier claims by the Sohna municipal committee and said that the ownership title of the land is with the department.According to sources, the process of allocating the land to various societies began when a statue at the main Sohna chowk had to be removed for the purpose of road-widening. The administration had promised to allocate alternative land for setting up of both the statue and a community hall.However, even before the district administration could seek permission for the alternative allocation, influential people constructed boundary walls around the area.State minister for Irrigation and Power Capt Ajay Yadav confirmed that some people had set up the statue inside the irrigation department guest house without permission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "11984364", "title": "For namesake's visa, Harbhajan gets a googly", "text": "JALANDHAR: Cricketer Harbhajan Singh may have tormented many batsmen with his bowling but this is one googly he may fail to comprehend himself.Police in Jalandhar are investigating a scam in which a namesake of the Indian cricketer used his bank statement to get a visa to visit Britain.The New Delhi-based British high commission has refused a visa to Harbhajan Singh of Patti in the border district of Tarn Taran after his bank statement was found to be fake.Assistant Commissioner of Police Harkanwaljit Singh Khakh said police were probing how the namesake Harbhajan Singh was able to procure the bank statement of the cricketer from the Civil Lines branch of HDFC Bank.The high commission became suspicious about the documents submitted by the namesake, as his mother's name was mentioned as Kulwant Kaur while the bank statement showed the name as Avtar Kaur.The high commission complained to the Jalandhar police commissioner. \"We have sent summons twice to the other Harbhajan Singh Singh, who works in a oil company in Mumbai, but he has not joined the investigation,\" Khakh said here.Police are also investigating the role of agents and HDFC bank employees to unearth if there was a racket of supplying fake bank account statements.The fake statement submitted to the embassy showed an account balance of over Rs 4,00,000, in the name of the cricketer who resides in Jalandhar city, 150 km from Chandigarh. Police said the manager of the HDFC Bank had confirmed that the account statement sent to the embassy belonged to the cricketer.Police have questioned members of the family of the Tarn Taran Harbhajan Singh.Cricketers Harbhajan, fondly called 'Bhajji', is now out of the Indian cricket team owing to poor form.The ace spinner had his bag, containing his passport and other documents, stolen from his SUV near Haryana's Karnal town in December when he was on his way to Delhi and had stopped for coffee.(With inputs from IANS)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11984745", "title": "PIL on Sadbhavana fast rejected again", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court once again rejected a PIL questioning the expenditure on chief minister Narendra Modi's three-day fast programme in the city last year.The bench of acting chief justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya and justice J B Pardiwala said that the court is not competent to go into the question whether government had spent money for a public purpose or not, or whether the decision was wise or not.Citing a Supreme Court observation, the court said that people should either vote the leaders that do not fulfill promises out or go to the path of Satyagraha. \"If courts begin entertaining such applications, it would not only disturb the delicate balance of powers between the three wings of the State, but would also strike at the very basis of our democratic polity...,\" the judges observed.The bench concluded that the PIL is in the nature of criticism of governmental expenditure and the wisdom thereof. Such exercise can be done only in other forums. It further said that judicial interference is permissibly only when government's action is unconstitutional. \"If such questions are allowed to be raised before court, all expenditure of the state can be called in question, both as to the nature and extent thereof, in which event the functioning of the government itself will be hampered,\" the court said.The court also made it clear that it is not concerned with the \"political ideology of a particular elected Government or its method of reaching the public at large to apprise them of different welfare schemes or projects undertaken by such government.\"The counsel for petitioner, Ratna Vora said that she would move the apex court against the order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11985431", "title": "Engineer duped into buying fake gold coins worth Rs 1.80L", "text": "BHOPAL: An engineer was conned by four people who trapped him into a deal and sold him 200 fake gold coins at a cost of Rs. 1.8L in Khajuri area of the city.The victim became suspicious after reading about a news report in the local papers about a gang that duped some people in Kolar area selling fake gold coins and got his coins verified at a jeweler. He was shocked to learn that the coins were of cheap metal and not gold.On learning the he has been duped Jaswant lodged a complaint with the police. Police said the complainant, an engineer, who resides in Arera Colony, came in contact with a person identified as Asif in Khujari area in the recent past.Asif and his accomplices, Assu, Pappu and Bajjan conned Jaswant by selling him fake gold coins. They convinced him that they had found the coins in an agriculture field.The accused sold around 200 fake gold coins to Jaswant and took Rs 1.80 lakh from him.In a similar incident reported from Kolar locality last week a person identified as Assu was arrested while he was attempting to sell fake gold coins for Rs 20,000 to a vendor there.The police said they are trying to correlate the two cases and also find out whether the one arrested in Kolar is also a member of the same gang that duped Jaswant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11982851", "title": "Vodafone case: PIL claims conflict of interest by CJI", "text": "NEW DELHI: A petition filed in the Supreme Court on Tuesday has sought a reconsideration of the apex court's judgment quashing the Rs 11,000 crore tax demand on Vodafone, saying that Chief Justice of India S H Kapadia who gave the lead verdict should have recused from hearing the case.The petitioner, advocate M L Sharma, said that while ruling in favour of the telecom major, the Justice Kapadia-led three-judge bench considered a due diligence report filed by Ernst and Young -- the global consultancy firm with which the CJI's son Hoshnar Kapadia has been working as senior manager since 2008.In a prompt response to the \"conflict of interest\" charge, Supreme Court's deputy registrar H K Juneja confirmed that Hoshnar was employed with Ernst and Young (India) but said he was not part of the tax department of the firm which was engaged by Vodafone.Juneja, also principal private secretary to the CJI, further emphasized that the Vodafone transaction predated Hoshnar joining Ernst and Young, and that he was not working for the UK chapter of the consultancy that provided the advice to Vodafone. \"The Vodafone transaction is dated February 11, 2007. At that time, his lordship's son was not in Ernst and Young (India). Further, the due diligence report dated February 11, 2007 has been given by Ernst &amp; Young (UK) and not by Ernst and Young (India),\" Juneja said.The CJI's response to Sharma's charge will be keenly awaited. In an earlier instance, while hearing a case relating to Vedanta, Justice Kapadia had voluntarily disclosed that he had shares in the aluminum major's sister concern. He continued hearing the case only after no \"conflict of interest\" objection was raised.In November 2009, Justice R V Raveendran had withdrawn from hearing a high stakes legal battle in the Supreme Court between the Ambani brothers over KG Basin gas because his daughter worked with a law firm that had advised one of the parties to the dispute.Sharma said if it was true that the CJI's son was working in E&Y; at the time of hearing of the Vodafone case, then it resulted in \"an unexpected scenario\" warranting setting aside of the January 20 judgment. He requested the apex court to post the Vodafone case for fresh hearing before a constitution bench.The Centre has already sought recall of the Vodafone judgment on the ground that it was \"erroneous\" as well as \"contradictory\". If the 266-page concurrent judgments -- one by Justices Kapadia and Swatanter Kumar and the other by Justice K S Radhakrishnan -- had miffed the government, not only on account of losing out on Rs 11,000 crore in revenue but also on being misunderstood on factual aspect, then it found expression in the hard-hitting 100-page review petition filed jointly by the Centre and the I-T department.The government listed 121 grounds, each pointing to an error in judgment, to seek review of the January 20 order and said it was surprised by the apex court's decision to give relief to Vodafone on the ground that its offshore transaction was a structured foreign direct investment into the country when in reality not a single penny came as investment into India.dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11983781", "title": "Mumbai cop beaten up in bar brawl", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mulund police arrested four men allegedly for vandalising a bar and breaking beer bottles on the heads of four waiters of Shreya Bar in Mulund (West) on Monday afternoon. The accused also assaulted a police constable when he tried to stop themPolice said the accused -- Abhijit Kharat (31), Sunny Sharma (32), Ganesh Bawarshetty (30) and Aslam Shaikh (27), were annoyed when denied permission to get on to the dias inside the bar.The matter worsened and the four along with other three accomplices ransacked the premises and attacked the employees present in the bar. \"One of the accused in an inebriated condition went to the dias and asked the singer to handover the mike to him. When the accused was denied he got annoyed and created ruckus that soon turned violent,\" a Mulund police officer said.The police patrolling locality rushed in the bar after hearing commotion from the bar. \"The accused abused and assaulted the cops who tried to stop them. Their three accomplices managed to give a slip after committing the offence. They hail from slum locality in Mulund,\" the officer said.They were booked for rioting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11985882", "title": "More seats, fountains at Patna zoo", "text": "PATNA: Patna zoo will wear a new look very soon with a slew of activities currently going on. The road within the zoo - approximately five km in length - is being renovated and three-foot-wide footpath is coming up on both its flanks. Besides, sitting facilities are being increased and three fountains are being installed in the lake.An official told TOI it was around 10 years ago when the renovation of road in the zoo was done. At present, the road is full of potholes. \"The renovation work is likely to be completed by the end of next month,\" said zoo director Abhay Kumar.He said that footfalls in the zoo is rising at a fast clip. In 2010-2011, about 18 lakh people visited the zoo. \"The footfall is increasing by over 14,000 to 15,000 per annum. The renovation is aimed at improving infrastructure of the zoo,\" added Kumar.In addition, sitting facilities in the zoo are being increased. Over 20 more benches are being installed. This is being done on suggestions from visitors. This work, too, will be done before March end.The zoo lake is also in for a new look. \"A total of three fountains are being installed in the lake. They will beautify the lake and also draw more boat riders,\" said a senior official. Besides, work is also in progress for renovating the zoo's railway station meant for 'toy train'.The railway station's shed is small and does not cover the entire train when it stops there. Therefore, zoo authorities are getting the total shed area increased. In a beautification bid, the entire area of the railway station will be covered with mosaic tiles.Zoo authorities will also set up a new nursery in the lion's enclosure. \"Four animals (one male and three female) are living in the lion's enclosure. Among them, one lioness is an African hybrid. It was necessary to create a nursery for them,\" said the zoo doctor, Dr Ajit Kumar . The nursery will provide a better ambience to animals, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11984546", "title": "Woman found dead, husband on the run", "text": "JAIPUR: A 22-year old woman was found murdered on Tuesday morning in a house where she was living as a tenant with her husband in Tagore Nagar Colony under Vaishali Nagar police station area. Police said the husband who is on the run is the prime suspect in the case.The accused, Kanak Das, was already married and despite that he was living with the deceased. The woman whom he married earlier had come to Tagore Nagar house on Monday evening following which a dispute took place.According to the police, the deceased identified as Sapna was a resident of West Bengal. \"She was living with Kanak Das in a rented accommodation in Tangore Nagar for the past one week. On Tuesday morning, the neighbours informed that she was found dead in the house with Kailash missing,\" a police officer said.He added that Kailash, a labourer, was already married and had two children from the first marriage. \"He was with Sapna for the past one year. Sapna did not know he was married to some other woman also. It was only revealed after Kailash's first wife came to visit the house with some relatives on Monday evening. A meeting was held and it was agreed that Kailash will keep both the women with him,\" the officer said.However, on Monday morning, Sapna was found dead. \"It seems that she was strangulated to death. Kailash is missing. We are trying to trace him and his relatives who were in his house on Monday night,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11984723", "title": "Property dealer held for wife's murder", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 36-year-old property dealer has been arrested for allegedly murdering his wife after she refused to let him meet their children because of his drug addiction.The accused has been identified as Harpal Singh. He allegedly attacked his wife, Jaspreet Kaur (25), with a cleaver outside her beauty parlour on February 19 when she was leaving for home. Harpal was arrested on Monday on a tip-off from his mother. The couple had quarrelled over this issue and had been living separately for the past three months.\"We received a call on Sunday regarding assault on a lady at Saya Beauty Parlour in Rani Bagh. Around 7.30pm, Jaspreet Kaur was attacked by her husband with a cleaver in the presence of an eyewitness, who informed police,\" said Romil Baaniya, additional DCP (northwest).\"The victim was rushed to Bhagwan Mahavir Hospital from where she was referred to AIIMS Trauma Centre. Jaspreet Kaur succumbed to her injuries the next morning at the AIIMS Trauma Centre,\" said Baaniya, additional DCP (northwest).\"On Monday, Harpal's mother informed police that he was at the house of a cousin in Nihal Vihar. She also gave them the address. Harpal Singh was arrested and was still in the blood-stained clothes,'' said Baaniya.During interrogation Harpal confessed to the crime, said police. He also told police that he and Jaspreet were dating in school and she had married him against the wishes of her family.\"He said sometime back, he got into bad company and became an alcoholic and drug addict. To get money for the drugs he took to crime and had even kidnapped his own cousin in 2009. His wife wanted him to give up such habits and friends. She often rebuked him and they often quarrelled over this before she moved out of the house,'' said Baaniya.Cops said on Sunday evening, Harpal went to his wife's beauty parlour with a cleaver hidden in his jacket.Initially, he asked her to forgive him and once she was off her guard, he suddenly took out the cleaver and struck six fatal blows on her face and neck.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "11985197", "title": "Four injured in SFI-ABVP violence", "text": "THRISSUR: Four students were injured when SFI(Students' Federation of India) and ABVP (Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad) activists of Sree Vyasa NSS College clashed at the Medical College premises in Mulankunnathukavu here on Tuesday.Earlier, following an altercation at the college, one student was injured and was taken to the hospital.At the hospital the two groups clashed with each other again, in which three more were injured.All four have been admitted to the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11986198", "title": "Woman brutally murdered", "text": "MYSORE: An unidentified woman aged 32, was found brutally murdered near Sri Chamundeshwari temple on the banks of Kapila River in Nanjangud on Tuesday.Nanjangud police said the incident had taken place late in the evening on Monday but came to light on Tuesday morning. They were alerted by public at 10.30am. Police said the head of the woman was smashed with bricks. The cops are investigating the case to ascertain the identity of woman and the miscreants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11984616", "title": "Bill Gates lauds Mamata for fight against polio", "text": "KOLKATA: The Bill &amp; Melinda Gates Foundation has congratulated chief minister Mamata Banerjee after the state did not record a single polio case in a year.\"It is with utmost pleasure that I congratulate you on achieving a year without polio, a historic milestone not only in India but also for the world,\" the letter from Gates reads.\"Since taking office, your leadership of the polio programme in West Bengal has been exceptional.... Your popularity as a people's leader can help overcome community resistance to vaccinate and address migrant population which is at the highest risk for being under immunized,\" says the letter, written on February 16 that reached the CM on Tuesday. According to an official of the CMO, Bill Gates wrote the letter to Mamata Banerjee.The country would have been polio-free by 2011, if it was not for a single case reported from West Bengal early last year. The lone polio case in the country last year was reported on January 13. An 18-month old girl from Howrah's Panchla block was found infected by P1 virus, a strain that is known to cause massive outbreak.The state health department and other stakeholders like Unicef pulled up their socks after the case was reported. Accordingly, 222 areas under different municipalities and gram panchayats across nine districts, including areas under two boroughs in Kolkata, were identified as vulnerable.The imam of Nakhoda Masjid was roped in to combat resistance to polio vaccine from a community. The number of polio cases dropped hugely from 741 in 2009 to a two-digit figure of 42 in 2010, a decline of 95%. Out of these 42 cases, eight were from West Bengal - seven from Murshidabad and one from Birbhum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11984858", "title": "Now, Deshmukh defends Congress's family raj policy", "text": "PANAJI: Union minister of Science and Technology and Congress party leader Vilasrao Deshmukh who is in the state has said \"the Congress believes in secularism and doesn't divide society in the name of religion or caste.\"Deshmukh termed Goa as \"a very important state\" for the Congress due to Goa's status as a tourist destination on the international scene. He said the Congress was trying to see development, and said creation of jobs was a priority for the party. He said \"investment through FDI is another area the congress party was concentrating on.\"Being the union science and technology minister Deshmukh said the union government was looking to improve oceanography with the aim of harnessing ocean resources while referring to the National Institute of Oceanography in Goa.He said 8-10% GDP growth was only possible if more Research and Development is carried out in various fields. The distribution of party tickets to political families seems to be constantly pricking the Congress party with most of its national leaders who visit the state having to field a volley of questions on the subject.Addressing mediapersons, Deshmukh said \"All factors had to be considered and tickets were given based on the elective merit of candidates.\"He said the party considers elective merit as a party policy. But when reminded that the party had stuck to a 'one ticket per family' in the 2007 assembly elections, Deshmukh said \"No policy is a fixed policy. It depends upon the change in the situation.\" Deshmukh further said other parties had also given tickets to political families in other states.\"Its not just one particular party. It has become a universal rule now,\" Deshmukh added. On the issuing of illegal mining in the state, Deshmukh said the central government is looking into the matter. \"This issue cannot be settled unless there is a concrete policy on it.\"Assembly elections news 2012Goa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11983215", "title": "Poor water quality a growing concern in Old City", "text": "HYDERABAD: With the arrival of summer the water woes of the Old City denizens have started surfacing. Water supply in several areas has reportedly decreased and the water pressure too has come down, provoking citizens to express concern over the coming hotter months.Renu Keswani from Patel Nagar said that though the frequency of water supply has not decreased, the quantum of water supplied has decreased.Another resident of Doodhbowli, D Ramesh said that supply duration in his area too has reduced. \"Both the supply and the quality of water here are an issue. Earlier we used to get water for 4 hours every alternate day. Now we get water for three hours. When we contacted water board officials they said that the supply is decreasing because of decrease in water levels in Himayat Sagar and Osman Sagar. Repeated complaints about quality of water have fallen on deaf ears,\" he said.Much of the Old City is supplied water from the Himayat Sagar and Osman Sagar reservoirs whose water levels have been decreasing for the last few weeks. Officials of HMWWSB attribute it to decreased rainfall during last monsoon. Figures from the water works department show that these two reservoirs together have only 2.4 thousand million cubic feet (TMC). The volume of water in these reservoirs last year was 6.4 TMC, closer to their combined full capacities of 6.9 TMC.The waterworks official said that the reservoirs are still meeting their maximum supply of 40 million gallons everyday. \"Owing to good rains in 2010, the water levels and volume at this point of time last year were higher. The poor monsoon in 2011 resulted in diminished inflows to the reservoirs. But the shortage in water supply could be due to reasons other than decreasing levels,\" said an official. He claimed that the present volume of water should be sufficient till September. \"In case the monsoon lets us down this year or if the water levels decrease faster than anticipated, we will divert water from Krishna to make up for the shortage,\" he said.Umesh Varma of Joint Action for Water said that the rapid declining of water levels could cause severe water scarcity. \"Maintaining regular supply of water beyond a certain level can become problematic. When water is supplied while the levels are low, the quality of water supplied deteriorates due to presence of algae and other contaminants closer to the bottom of the reservoir,\" he explained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11985049", "title": "Star Homes MD held for fraud", "text": "KOCHI: The Kadavanthra police on Tuesday arrested Ajay V George owner and managing director of Star Homes Builders and Apartments, in connection with the Star Homes Flat cheating case.George was arrested for not handing over flats to two customers despite receiving Rs 40 lakh from them.The police said the company had promised that the customers would be given flats in the Star County Project Apartment in Aluva and Star Homes Annex in Thripunithura.The accused was arrested following a complaint lodged by Gracy Antony and K Satish Babu. George was presented before the Ernakulam Chief Judicial Magistrate and later remanded to police custody for 14 days for further questioning.The action was taken following an order by the city police commissioner M R Ajit Kumar and deputy police commissioner Gopalakrishna Pillai, to check cheating cases that were on the rise in the real estate sector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11984403", "title": "CBSE students in Nashik prefer board exams over internal tests", "text": "NASHIK: The purpose of the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE)'s plan to make board exams optional in class X seems to be defeated in Nashik.While in the last year, a big chunk of students from class X opted out of board exams, this year the numbers are reduced to single digits in most city schools. Worried about closing down their options instate institutions, most students have opted for board exams.Some of the schools have even asked students to appear for the board exams only. The plan was introduced in the academic session in 2010-11 to reduce unnecessary stress caused due to the boards. Last year, Kendriya Vidyalaya 1 in Deolali had only 17 students opting for the board exams. The rest of them preferred the school based assessment, where schools conducted an internal test.\"After the results were out, our students had to run around to get multiple approvals. Students who were interested in taking up admissions to state's junior colleges managed to get seats which were left after the mainstream admissions were over. Even after the admissions were given, they did not have the board certificate which was mandatory for their admissions in junior colleges,\" said Shiny George, the principal of Kendriya Vidyalaya 1 in Deolali. She added that students interested in polytechnic courses offered by the state were disappointed after they learnt that the school assessment results will not get them admissions.\"Polytechnic courses ensure a lateral entry in to engineering courses in the second year. Many students aspire to get into engineering courses via this channel,\" added George.In another Kendriya Vidyalaya in Nashik city, only 25% students had opted for the board exams last year. This year, however, the school asked all its students to appear for the board exams.The vice-principal said that most students, who are interested in the state level entrance exams, prefer moving to the state board colleges post class X. \"However, with a centralised test for medical and engineering admissions, there should not be any problem in future,\" added the principal.Vice principal M Sawhney, from Army Public School in Deolali, said that last year they had maximum number of students appearing for the school based-exam, however, those the numbers have drastically come down this year. \"This year more than 60% of students are appearing for the board exams as they wish to move out of CBS board,\" said Sawhney.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11984412", "title": "Pune\u2019s good in art of giving", "text": "PUNE: Respect for values runs deep in Pune as respondents rated the city highest- 3.2 on a scale of 1 to 5 in The Times Of India-IMRB Quality Of Life survey. The city outclassed Mumbai, Delhi, Ahmedabad, Kolkata, Chennai, Bangalore and Hyderabad, and yet, there is much more Pune needs to work on.Neela Onawale, founder and director of Deep Griha Society, that works in the slums of Pune, feels there are many in this city who care. \"We get local volunteers who give their time and talent for the empowerment of the marginalised. There are some families who celebrate birthdays, weddings, death anniversaries, festivals by sharing what they have with the less fortunate. Over the past few years, there have been many youngsters- high school as well as college students- who offered us their assistance during vacations,\" said Onawale.Others would like to see an upgrade. Anita Narayan Iyer, founder and managing trustee, Ekansh Trust, said, \"There is a surprising lack of professionalism and respect for time and commitment, because it was originally a place for genteel folk and those from the armed forces and not white-collared workers racing past deadlines towards professional aspirations.\"She said that the city is growing at an alarming rate and the pangs are showing. \"People who have moved from cities like Mumbai or other work capitals of the world take some time to adjust to the relaxed and seemingly disinterested pace here. Pune is culturally rich and different genres of theatre and music are well appreciated. Also, noteworthy is the respect that is accorded to women in Pune. Interestingly, Pune has a large number of NGOs, which could either mean that there is a lot that needs to change or that there are a lot of people willing to make the effort,\" said Iyer.Social activist Rakesh Ganguli from Open Space, a creative platform for students and citizens to explore, understand and initiate social change, feels that it is indeed heartening to know that Pune ranks high on respect for values among other metros.\"However, I would like to draw attention to the hit and run case that resulted in a young man bleeding to death in Pune not too long ago. Then there are incidents like the Bhandarkar Institute being vandalized, statues and historic monuments raising a storm, to mention a few. In the course of my outreach work with young adults from various colleges in Pune, I have heard many stories-from students both from Pune and other parts of Maharashtra, and even other states--of exclusion on the basis of caste, language, religion, region, gender, fashion, food and brand preferences,\" said Ganguli.\"We must not indulge in self-adulation and be complacent about our 'respect for values'. While it is perfectly fine to take pride in the findings of the survey, there is much this city needs to work at,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11986144", "title": "BEST power tariffs to hit Mumbai hard", "text": "MUMBAI: The monthly bills of around 10 lakh power consumers in the island city may shoot up by more than 30% if BEST's tariff proposals are accepted.Residential tariff for consumers is proposed to be increased from Rs 3.30 per unit to Rs 5.50 per unit for those consuming between 101 units to 300 units every month. For the first 100 units the tariff could rise from the existing Rs 1.55 per unit to Rs 2.47 per unit. Similarly, for those consuming between 301 and 500 units, the proposal is to increase tariff from Rs 5.30 per unit to Rs 9.10 per unit. For those consuming above 500 units the rate could increase from Rs 6.80 per unit to Rs 10.60 per unit.The BEST on Tuesday released tariff proposals for 2011-12 (combining that of 2010-11), which it has submitted to the Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC). The MERC's approval is expected in April and revised rates will come into effect the same month. For people living in group housing schemes, the rate could go up by an astronomical 96% if BEST's proposal is accepted. Besides, a 31% hike on monthly fixed charges has been proposed for all categories of concommittee chairperson Sunil Shinde ( Shiv Sena ), told TOI: \"Our role should be to sanction/clear the proposal and make amendments in rates, if necessary. Merely placing the proposal before us for reference doesn't serve any purpose. Our views should be put before MERC.\"\"Last year, MERC failed to give a tariff order for the previous fiscal. The amount has been combined now and hence the hike,\" said BEST general manager Omprakash Gupta. MERC is expected to hear BEST's tariff proposal on March 20, but power experts said even after its scrutiny, the hike in rates may be substantial. Last year MERC did not clear BEST's annual tariff proposal as it wanted power utilities to submit tariff plans for the next five years, but that move was eventually postponed. sumers, which could take the increased tariffs to unaffordable levels.BEST committee members across all parties are likely to oppose the proposal at the panel's meeting on Thursday. Committee member Ravi Raja (Congress) said, \"It is ridiculous. We will not allow the proposal to be cleared.\" However, BEST officials said the proposal will come up before the committee only for \"reference\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11984574", "title": "Financial commissioner pulls up MCG chief engineer", "text": "GURGAON: After cancelling his trips on a couple of occasions earlier, the financial commissioner and principal secretary of the Urban Local Bodies department, Ram Niwas, finally met senior officials of the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) on Tuesday to take stock of various development projects in the city.Although the councillors were not informed about his visit, a few of them arrived uninvited and apprised the financial commissioner of the indifference being shown by the municipal commissioner and other officials towards them.According to sources, Niwas pulled up the chief engineer in the meeting for failing to bring unauthorized construction going on in various parts of the city to a halt.\"As the officials don't bother about us and everything that we ask them to do fall on deaf ears, the least that they could have done was to inform us about this important meeting. We got to know about it as a few of us were at the MCG office that time. The financial commissioner gave us a patient hearing and took serious note of all the issues that have remained unresolved for the past several months,\" said Sunita Kataria, councillor and chairman of the vigilance committee.\"On being informed about the unauthorized constructions going on in Gurgaon, especially in the old city, the financial commissioner sought an explanation from chief engineer B S Singroha and said he will initiate a vigilance inquiry if no action is taken against the illegal structures,\" said Kataria. ,\"The chief engineer tried to explain that he had sent notices to the owners of the illegal structures but the financial commissioner reiterated there was no need to wait for the owners' response and the structures must be demolished immediately. For the past several months, illegal flats are being built in Surat Nagar and behind Sheetla Hospital. I have repeatedly brought this to the notice of the municipal commissioner and the chief engineer but no action has been taken so far. It appears all the officials are involved and prefer to look the other way,\" Kataria added. ,The other councillors who were present during the meeting informed Niwas about the way in which the outdoor advertisement rates have been fixed and urged him to look into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11984831", "title": "Thieves break into ATM, steal 28K", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Thieves targeted a private bank's ATM near Gor no Kuvo area in Khokhra on Sunday and decamped with Rs 28,500 cash from one of the compartments of the machine. Police have sought CCTV footage of the incident to identify the intruders.According to Khokhra police officials, the incident took place between 7 pm on Sunday and 9 am on Monday at Axis Bank ATM outside Tripada Society near Gor no Kuvo in Khokhra. The thieves entered the ATM kiosk, cut the CCTV wires and opened the deposit box of the machine with a sharp object. The theft was detected by a private security company involved in ferrying cash for the ATMs.\"We received a complaint from Murtaza Husain Dahodwala, involved with the security company, that cash had been stolen from the machine. The thieves tried to cut open the machine with a sharp object and stole the cash by inserting a hand inside. However, more than Rs 14 lakh of cash was saved as it was stored in thick compartments,\" said a Khokhra police official.Police questioned bank officials because the complaint was registered a day after its discovery. \"We have asked the officials to furnish CCTV footage of the kiosk. We cannot rule out involvement of an insider as few know how to open the ATM even with improvised tools. We have witnessed a lot of futile attempts in past. How can an inexperienced person dislodge CCTV wires,\" said M D Upadhyay, inspector of Khokhra police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11985641", "title": "Zadipatti paintings expo scored big in city", "text": "NAGPUR: The name of Zadipatti Rang Bhoomi (theatre of the jungle), the 150-year-old traditional theatre of eastern Vidarbha, reminds you of night long staging of intriguing plays that have still maintained their rawness. Some artists from those areas are now trying their hands at painting as a career.An exhibition of paintings and murals made by college students from remote areas of Navargaon in Chandrapur district was an instant hit among Nagpurians. It concluded on Sunday at Rabindranath Tagore Art Gallery near Naivdedyam Hall on North Ambazari Road. These 100-odd students from Shri Gyanesh Chitrakala Mahavidyalaya in Navargaon were working on these for many months. They are inspired and guided by college director Sadanand Borkar, a leading actor and producer of popular Zadipatti plays. The expo was inaugurated by former art director Hemant Nagdive.\"We organized this exhibition in Nagpur for the first time. We never imagined such a massive response,\" an elated Borkar said. About 55 paintings, a majority based on rural life, are on display. \"The paintings also try to convey social messages,\" he said. Earlier, this expo was organized at Nehru Art Centre in Mumbai where it received rave reviews.\"Last year, we had organized it in Chandrapur and received good response. This prompted us to stage it at bigger level. Most of our students hail from villages and they have done a commendable job,\" said Borkar who has acted in a movie based on a Zadipatti play last year \"Sun Sambhala Patlinbai\".Borkar's college offers job-oriented courses like 'Art Teacher Diploma' and Government Diploma in Arts' which is a five-year course at concessional rates. \"Our courses are recognized by Mumbai-based State Directorate of Arts. Many students have got jobs at local level,\" said Borkar, who also looks after 125-year-old Vyankatesh Natya Mandal started by his grandfather in Navargaon.Borkar was nominated for Maharashtrian of the Year award for his popular plays like 'Maze Kunku Mich Pusle' and 'Atmahatya' that dealt with simmering issue of farmers' suicides. This play has been staged during SAARC festival. He left a plum job to work with his family theatre and had given it a more professional look. He erected a permanent cement stage for staging plays in Navargaon and stages play during Zadipatti season which begins from Diwali and goes on till March.Ends", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "11986180", "title": "5.11 lakh to appear for matric exam", "text": "CUTTACK: As many as 5.11 lakh students will appear for the HSC examination this year. The examination conducted by the Board of Secondary Education will start from March 19 and continue till March 31. This year, 26,000 more students will take the examination compared to last year.\"It is for the first time that Board of Secondary Education has registered over five lakh examinees for the matriculation exam,\" said Satyakam Mishra, president of the board. The number has increased because new schools have opened across the state, officials of the board said.There will be 2,095 examination centres across the state. \"We have tried our best to allot students examination centres nearest to the school so that students spend less time travelling,\" Mishra said. The examinations will start at 7.30 am and conclude at 10 am.The board has also geared up to check malpractices. Last year, over 7,000 students were booked for malpractice. So this year the board plans to form more squads to ensure that there is no malpractice.\"Last year, we had formed 90 squads to check malpractice but this year the number of squads have increased to 120. We have plans to rope in retired and experienced teachers in the squad for proper vigilance. Surprise checks and raids at examination centres would also be intensified this year,\" president of the board said.\"To check malpractice in the matriculation exam is our top priority,\" said a board official. Meanwhile, students are busy in preparing for the examination. \"I am really nervous about the matriculation examination. I am trying my best to complete the revision of all the subjects in time,\" said Snigdha Rout, an examinee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11985056", "title": "Company charged with e-way fraud", "text": "NEW DELHI: The highways authority has issued an order terminating the deal with the company that operates the Delhi-Gurgaon Expressway for serious financial fraud and failure to improve services at the 32-lane toll plaza.The termination order that runs to a dozen pages largely blames the developer on three grounds. First, the developer allegedly changed lenders twice. In the latest instance, it didn't get NHAI's permission for raising a loan of Rs 1,597 crore. The company used a conditional no objection certificate issued by the NHAI way back in 2009 for later refinancing a debt of Rs 1,275 crore. According to NHAI, the loan document was submitted to it on October 9, 2010, but the disbursement had already started. The authority has alleged that the concessionaire repaid the old loan of Rs 1,275 crore using a common (escrow) account and even diverted Rs 640 crore to the parent company.The second charge is that the concessionaire has failed to expand the 32-lane toll plaza, the major traffic bottleneck on the expressway. Third, it says DGSCL did not finalize its annual plan to operate and maintain of the 27.7km stretch.Alleging that the concessionaire was still not acting in \"good faith\" to improve services on the expressway, NHAI said all this left \"no scope for taking any action rather than termination of the concession agreement\".Reacting to the order, DSGCL said, \"We are aware that NHAI had to issue a termination notice as per the directives of the high court for the purposes of bringing the reasons for termination on the court record. We have received this notice. As per the court order, the NHAI has been restrained by the high court from taking any further action on this decision till the next hearing on March 1. However, we continue to work closely with the authorities to resolve outstanding issues.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11984965", "title": "Kochi fishermen get safety lessons", "text": "KOCHI: Fisher folk in the city got a few extra lessons in safety, including information on the technology available for their safety at sea, at a one-day workshop on fish finding, navigation and electronic instrumentation organized at the Central Institute of Fisheries Nautical and Engineering Training (CIFNET) in Kochi on Tuesday.The workshop included talks by senior K C Udayaprakasan, senior faculty, CIFNET on safety regulations stipulated by international organizations, and precautionary measures to be followed by fishermen. He explained the various safety methods available, including life jacket, lifebuoy, emergency position indicating radio beacon (EPIRB), and search and rescue transponder (SART).He stressed the importance of fishing vessels using internationally-accepted lights/flags or simple signals during fishing or while in danger, as passing ships can easily detect these signals and help the smaller vessels avoid mishaps.Speaking on the occasion V N Sanjeevan, director, Centre for Marine Living Resources and Ecology (CMLRE), pointed out the importance of developing suitable methods and technology to harvest the huge quantity of deep sea resources available in the Indian Exclusive Economic Zone.More than 500 people, including fishermen and major dealers in marine electronic instrumentation industry participated. CIFNET director R C Sinha, CIFNET faculty C D Joshy, Girija, director NIFPHATT and Dr Ali, zonal director, Fishery Survey of India, also spoke.Fisherfolk in the city got a few extra lessons in safety including information on the technology available for their safety at sea at a one-day workshop on fish finding, navigation and electronic instrumentation organised at the Central institutes of fisheries nautical and engineering training (CIFNET) in Kochi on Tuesday.The workshop included talks on the safety regulations stipulated by international organisations, precautionary measures to be followed by fishermen during a session by senior K C Udayaprakasan, senior faculty, CIFNET. In his talk, he explained the various safety methods available for them including life jacket, lifebuoy, emergency position indicating radio beacon (EPIRB), Search and rescue transponder (SART).He stressed the importance of using internationally accepted lights/flags or simple signals by the fishing vessels during fishing or in danger or the passing ships can easily detect the vessels as fishing vessels and thereby avoid mishaps.Speaking on the occasion V N Sanjeevan, director, Centre for marine living resources and ecology (CMLRE), pointed out the importance of developing suitable harvesting methods and technology to utilize the huge quantity of potential deep sea resources available in the Indian EEZ.More than 500 people including fishermen and major dealers in marine electronic instrumentation industry participated in the workshop. Among others who spoke included CIFNET director R C Sinha, CIFNET faculty C D Joshy, Girija director NIFPHATT and Dr Ali, zonal director, fishery survey of india.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11983746", "title": "Derailment hits Central Railway services", "text": "MUMBAI: Central Railway (CR) services were affected early on Tuesday morning as a ballast wagon derailed at Vangani near Karjat.Long-distance trains like the Mumbai-Pune Indrayani Express, Nizamuddin-Pune Express, Ahmedabad-Pune train, Mahalaxmi Express among others were delayed by nearly an hour, sources said. The incident occurred around 5.45am.\"Two wheels of the wagon derailed and it took us close to 45 minutes to set it back on tracks,\" said a railway official.There was a huge rush of passengers at Kalyan station as trains heading to Karjat were affectedon the Down line was stopped completely till the wagon was brought back on the track. It also affected trains coming from Karjat and moving in the Up direction.Among the long distance trains which were badly hit were the Nizamuddin-Pune Express via Vasai, Ahmedabad-Pune train, Indrayani (Mumbai-Pune) Express and Intercity (Mumbai-Pune) in the Down direction, and Mahalaxmi Express, Latur-CST train and Sinhagad Express in the Up direction.CR's senior public relations officer L M Maraskolhe said the suburban train services were not affected. However, commuters who wanted to reach Ambernath, Badlapur and Karjat early morning were stranded at Kalyan station, moreover, officegoers, who had set out for work in the wee hours, had a harrowing time, said a passenger from Ambernath. Passengers claimed the incident affected the services for the next two to three hours.The CR administration has instituted an inquiry into the incident, and will find out if track conditions were responsible for the derailment. \"The occurrence of a rail fracture is not uncommon due to change of season. We will find the reason for the derailment,\" said a senior official.Some of the suburban trains plying between 5.30 am and 7 am were cancelled, sources said.Another disruption was reported in the evening as an electrical multiple unit (EMU) train developed a snag near Ambernath station and had to be terminated.Trains plying the Kalyan-Karjat route were affected for nearly an hour, sources said.The incident comes exactly two months after a train had derailed near CST, leading to chaos major inconvenience to passengers during the morning peak hour rushOn December 21, rail traffic was disrupted on the suburban section after a Kalyan-bound train derailed near Masjid station. The train, which had started from the CST station, was approaching the Masjid station, when the sixth bogie (from the engine) derailed. No casualty was reported.Earlier in March, 2011, Harbour and trans-harbour services were down for around six hours after a Panvel-bound local derailed. No injuries were reported. The fourth coach had derailed between Seawoods-Darave and Belapur stations after a pair of wheels went off the down local tracks. In October, 2010, a suburban train derailed between Kandivli and Borivli stations, leading to delay in train services by 20 minutes.In July 11, 2010, the Western line was thrown out of gear after three wheels of first coach of new Siemens-MRVC Virar-Churchgate fast derailed as it left Mahim station. Around 20 trains were then cancelled. The same year, a Garib Rath Express train derailed between Kalyan and Shahad stations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11983192", "title": "15 years on, CPP yet to take shape", "text": "HYDERABAD: When the Charminar Pedestrianisation Project (CPP) was conceptualized 15 years ago it envisioned smooth traffic flow, broad pavements, restored historic buildings and a heritage feel for the area that would enamor the visitor. But the tasks carried out in the name of CPP, far and few in between, have not given any indication of fulfilling the objectives of the project. In fact, the heritage conservation situation is deteriorating there day after day.For the nth time the CPP took off last year in haste after the word started going around that Hyderabad might be in the race for the coveted UNESCO world heritage tag. But its implementation and the subsequent lackadaisical approach by the GHMC, which was entrusted with the execution of project has left the heritage activists bewildered. Consider the Charminar buffer zone which comprises the vicinity of Charminar in all directions. In its immediate vicinity lie the Jama Masjid and the Sardar Mahal, besides the historic Laad Bazaar.A city conservation architect, whose services were roped in for the CPP, says that the heritage fabric in the buffer zone is far from being intact. \"The Jama Masjid was built in 1598, seven years after the construction of the Charminar. This important historic structure is overshadowed by a commercial complex that stands in front of it. The obstructive building came up despite heavy protest from heritage activists who pointed out that it meddled with the heritage feel of the place. But the authorities did nothing to stop it,\" he said. He also points to the foundation laying stone for paving works in front of Charminar. \"The foundation stone glaringly stands out. Though it may not be visible now, after the hawkers are moved, and the area is cleaned, it would look like a sour thumb. If the objective of the CPP is to keep intact the heritage of the area, this is an aberration,\" he said.The foundation stone is also loaded with spelling errors. The Charminar Pedestrianisation project reads Charminar 'Pederation' Project while 'streetscaping' has become 'Street Escaping.' Traders of the area who have been identified as important stakeholders for realization of the project are not a happy lot. A bangle store owner in Laad Bazaar says, \"For several years the roads at the end of Laad Bazaar were dug up. The authorities tell us that they will be paving this road. We have also heard how the project (CPP) will increase tourists' inflow to our shops. But if this is the pace of work, we wonder if the project will ever be complete,\" he said. Thus far, besides the stone paving works on the Charminar-Gulzar Houz stretch and road widening on the road from Darulshifa to Shah Ali Banda, little else has happened. Conservation experts say that while part restoration works were carried out on the Charkamaan by clearing a few encroachers almost a decade ago, much of that has been undone as more shops have come up in it. Efforts to ensure a uniform identity on the Pathergatti stretch have also not fructified. Owners of several outlets at the historic Pathergatti buildings have made changes to the facade, even as the resolution of a middle ground on the issue of name banners for the shops evades the traders and authorities.Heritage activist Sajjad Shahid expressed concern, saying that the project is heading directionless. \"The officials are going about it the way they would with any other project. Why did they seek expert assistance when they did not want to follow it,\" he asked.When contacted about the future course of the project, GHMC officials said that traffic management plans to ensure smooth stone paving in the Charminar buffer zone will be implemented soon but did not specify any time limit. \"We have widened roads where required, baring a few minor bottlenecks. We will interact with traffic police to impose traffic restrictions in order to restart stone paving works,\" said Narender Rao, Chief City Planning Officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11983289", "title": "NCTC row: UPA's decision is a breach of federal structure, says BJP", "text": "NEW DELHI: Opposition BJP on Tuesday said the government's decision to form the National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC) through an executive order was a breach of the federal structure and demanded that the order be kept in abeyance till a consensus is evolved with the states.Expressing support to CMs that have opposed the NCTC in its present form, the party alleged that the Centre took the decision to establish the anti-terror body without consulting the states.\"This is one of the many instances which show that statecraft and statesmanship have become alien to this government... We are not a Union of states but have a federal structure. If the government questions this, the states have a right to protest,\" leader of Opposition in Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley told reporters here.Maintaining that federalism is a part of the basic structure of the Constitution which no Parliament can change, Jaitley said, public order and police powers are functions of the states in the federal set-up.BJP insisted that the fight against terror is as much a responsibility of the states as that of the Centre and to combat it effectively the states have to be involved.The party said the present executive order for forming the NCTC should be kept in abeyance and the states should be consulted to evolve a consensus.\"The Centre cannot substitute police powers of the states. It can only aid and assist. The Centre cannot take away from the states their power of search and seizure, and the power to arrest,\" Jaitley said. He cited the example of TADA and POTA, two Central laws for which the states were the implementing agency.Jaitley alleged that the track record of the government in the fight against terror is \"suspect\" as it had repealed POTA earlier and had also refused to give its nod to states that wanted to pass anti-terror laws. He maintained the Centre has a responsibility when it comes to fighting cross-border terrorism, inter-state crimes and in gathering national intelligence as the states cannot handle them. But powers of states to legislate and implement matters of law and order, search and seizure and arrest should not be encroached upon, he said.The main Opposition party alleged that though initially home minister P Chidambaram had tried to fight naxalism, due to differences within Congress, he tried to \"abdicate\" his functions by arguing that law and order was a state subject and the Centre could only assist. \"Now, he is doing a volte-face with NCTC,\" Jaitley said.Insisting that a balance could be struck between fighting terror and keeping the federal structure intact, Jaitley said \"the fight against terror must co-exist with federalism. There is no contradiction between the two... Fighting against terror is not the sole responsibility of the Centre.\" BJP maintained that the Centre does not have the wherewithal like police stations and personnel to function alone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11984117", "title": "Youngsters say voting not a choice but responsibility", "text": "NOIDA: For 20-year-old Karan Kumar, voting is a responsibility, not a choice. \"Instead of complaining, we need to choose the right candidate who will bring about a change in terms of facilities and infrastructure,\" says the business management student.Kumar is one among 1.28 lakh young voters from Gautam Budh Nagar district who will exercise their franchise for the first time. With the total number of voters in the district standing at 10,39,658, this new group of electorate has increased the voter strength of the district by nearly 10 per cent. Out of the total new voters, 61,000 first-time voters are from Noida, 26,000 from Jewar, while 40,000 new names have been added to the voter's list in Dadri.\"I will vote in the hope of electing the person who might bring about some change - for the good. I am looking forward to seeing my city as a better place to live in,\" Kumar added.Udit Kwatre (22), a student of Amity University, says the government needs to focus on development, helping the poor, better infrastructure and more schools. \"I want to vote for a candidate that lives up to his promise,\" Kwatre said. \"If a government can bring about positive changes without being embroiled in a series of scams, it is commendable,\" he added.Another Greater Noida-based first-time voter, Sandeep Kapoor, 22, echoed Kwatre's sentiments and said that voting is not only a right, but also a \"citizen's duty\". Hoping for a more people-friendly government, Kapoor would vote for any worthy candidate irrespective of age.Contrary to her peers, Ria Ranjan, 18, plans to exercise her null vote option. \"I will be using the 49-O option this time and record my abstention at the polling booth with the election officials as I don't believe any of the candidates are good enough.\" She has \"no expectations from this election\" as she believes \"things will remain status quo or even get worse\".Agreeing with her was Anirudh Sud, currently working with a PR firm. \"I might not vote either. I am absolutely disgusted with all the political parties and the way they approach the elections,\" Sud said. \"I want a political party to come to power that will not try and gain votes through caste and religion, but actually keep the promises they make,\" he added.Meanwhile, as the poll date draws closer, youth wings of political parties as part of their polling strategy have launched plans for campaigns in colleges and through social networking to woo these young voters.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11986227", "title": "SpiceJet, Jet Airways offer to operate flights out of city", "text": "MYSORE: The turbulence in Kingfisher Airlines in November had led to cancellation of flight services to Mysore. Now, as the air operator is facing trouble, two other private airlines are preparing to reconnect the tourist hub to destinations like Bangalore, Chennai and Hyderabad.This follows chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda's intervention to end the bad phase for the workable airport, which has been restricted to operating chartered flights since November 6, because commercial flights were cancelled by the Kingfisher Airlines. Gowda held a meeting with the various stakeholders including the representatives of the airlines and the officials of the Airports Authority of India (AAI) on February 14 in Bangalore and asked the private airlines to get him a schedule. The airlines in return are seeking assistance to sell the tickets.District minister S A Ramdas told The Times of India that SpiceJet and Jet Airways are interested in connecting Mysore to other destinations. \"They have been asked to get back with proposals. They want assistance to sell the tickets through tourism and other departments. We can do that,\" he stated. The airlines are expected to come back to the government later this week.To start with, both the airlines have offered to operate three flights a day connecting Mysore to Chennai, Hyderabad and Kochi via Bangalore. The recent crisis in the airline sector will not affect the plans, he asserted. \"We are hoping to include Mysore in the summer flight schedule starting mid-March,\" he stated. The airlines are procuring five mid-sized ATR aircraft by month end, he pointed out. The facility only allows mid-sized aircrafts to operate. The airlines are seeking to use Mysore facility to park the flights and night landing services, he stated.During a preliminary meeting Ramdas held on February 4 in Mysore ahead of updating the CM, the stakeholders had sought extension of the runway to start operations and also to use the facility for parking of flights at night. The AAI officials had said that the operators are interested in operating flights to Mysore and are seeking extension of the runway. This is attributed to pressure at Bengaluru International Airport forcing them to look at Mysore for night operations, which can be done if the runway is extended. The Phase-II will allow wider bodied aircrafts including Boeing and Airbus to operate out of Mysore. The AAI had sought 311 acres additionally for the expansion project.The crux of the problem is the realignment of part of NH 212 connecting Mysore to Nanjangud: The proposed runway cuts across the NH which is proposed to be upgraded into four lane expressway to ease traffic on the busy stretch. Though it was proposed in 2008 that the part of the NH has to be realigned to allow for the extension of the runway, there is no word on the acquisition of land to lay the NH. The Mysore Airport built to handle 150 passengers has 25 ground staff to manage the facility with the city police deputing 50 cops to extend security cover.The AAI completed the upgradation of the airport in May 2009 when the commercial flights were planned. As it took time, the airport came to be used extensively for chartered flights with business leaders and politicians using it more often. When the airport started commercial flights in October 2010, it had handled over 100 chartered flights with top politicians including B S Yeddyurappa and Narendra Modi using it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11985481", "title": "Auto expo evokes keen interest among manufacturers", "text": "BHOPAL: The three-day auto-expo being held in the state capital here has evinced keen interest among auto companies and businessmen from across the country and abroad. About 20 participants from Africa, South Asia, the US and Europe are participating in the expo at the Govindpura Industrial Area.The Auto-Expo is a reverse buyer-seller meet organised by MP Trade and Investment Facilitation Corporation (MPTRIFAC) in association with Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) and government of India.There are about 80 stalls at the expo.\"An auto-expo gives an impetus to marketing and development opportunities for companies with a manufacturing base in the state. Going by the success, we would conduct similar exhibitions to promote the state as a major manufacturing hub,\" said MPTRIFAC managing director P K Das.\"Bhopal has become a hub for the power sector. There is a huge potential to penetrate the export market,\" said Engineering Export Potential Council (EEPC) India, western region director Rajat Shrivastava.Of the total exports from the state the share of automobile and engineering sector accounts for just 1% and the sector has a tremendous potential for growth, said an MPTRIFAC official.\"Currently, overall exports are to the tune of Rs 10,600 crore and the target is to increase the share of automotive and engineering exports to 4%,\" he said.The multinational companies were out to impress the local manufacturers as well.\"Madhya Pradesh has a vast potential in the automobile sector with growing automobile ancillary units,\" said Panasonic, GM - sales, service and marketing - Samrat Mazumdar, demonstrating robotic welding automation.\"An expo would go a long way in promoting the manufacturing in the cluster. It is needed for any industry to innovate and progress,\" said Daulat Ram Engineering services director, Pulkit Sharma, based in Obaidullahganj (Raisen). Many companies have developed links to partner with new vendors during the expo.\"I have come here in the past. We import motors and other engineering products from MP,\" said a Nepali businessman, D B Shrestha.Guyana-based businessman Ranjeet Singh said, \"I am looking for tyres, trucks and electrical parts and products. Perhaps an MoU is in the offing.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11985680", "title": "Cong rebel Satish Hole joins BJP", "text": "NAGPUR: Congress rebel and independent corporator Satish Hole on Tuesday joined the BJP and claimed he would be an ardent campaigner for his new party.Hole, who was welcomed into the BJP fold by none other than party's national president Nitin Gadkari and other senior office-bearers, told TOI that he joined the BJP without any preconditions. He said he had served the Congress faithfully since 1978, raising a cadre of over a thousand workers in east Nagpur. \"The Congress, however, did not appreciate the sacrifices that I made. Hence, I quit the party.\"Hole had split with the Congress when it denied him a ticket for the civic polls from Raghuji Nagar Prabhag and fielded NCP's outgoing corporator Ashok Katle. This left Hole with little choice but to contest the poll as an independent but he won the election from Raghuji Nagar very easily. On Tuesday, Hole joined the BJP.Besides bolstering the BJP numbers, Hole is expected to openly take on city Congress committee. His supporters claim that city Congress is primarily responsible for the party leadership dumping Hole. \"I had served the Congress for over three decades, but I got a ticket to contest civic polls only in 2002,\" the 51-year-old Hole said. Since then, he had served two terms as a Congress corporator. But his third consecutive term will be as an independent corporator.Hole feels that internal differences between city MP and MLAs have badly-affected the Congress image. As a result, the party's strength has shrunk in the city.Though Hole's supporters in Nagpur have not joined the BJP, he claimed that they had welcomed his decision to join the party and assured to extend their support to him in the future too.South-West MLA Devendra Fadnavis confirmed that Hole joined the party on Tuesday. He said Hole's entry will strengthen the BJP in the city. The strength of BJP corporators has now increased to 63, said Fadnavis.On Tuesday, Congress women wing's secretary Rekha Kapse also joined the BJP.Besides, Fadnavis claimed that at least 12 corporators (independents) have expressed a wish to join the BJP's Nagpur Vikas Aghadi to form the government in the NMC.Hole, however, claimed that since last many years, he had an offer to join the BJP. \"Nobody has forced me to join the party, it was my own decision,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11983896", "title": "India hardens stand on arrest of Italian Naval guards", "text": "NEW DELHI: Italy rushed its junior foreign minister to India on Tuesday in the face of New Delhi's hardened stand while invoking its own extra-territorial jurisdiction to justify the arrest of the Italian marine security guards accused of killing two Indian fishermen. Asserting that the location of the ship did not matter, official sources said IPC Section 4 ensured that the trial for any crime committed against an Indian national on an Indian vessel can take place on its soil.Meanwhile, in what is likely to deepen the diplomatic row between the two countries, Italian foreign minister Giulio Terzi said on Tuesday that the arrest of the two mariners would hamper international fight against piracy. \"International cooperation against piracy should be maintained,\" said Terzi. He added that \"if we had coastal countries assuming jurisdiction over anti-piracy operations, of course none of this would work any more\".Italy had earlier cited its own extra-territorial jurisdiction to claim exemption from trial for the two naval officers who have been arrested. \"They are talking about extra-territorial jurisdiction 5, 000 miles away but in our case it is just off our coast; IPC section 4 allows trial of the accused in India,\" said a government source.IPC section 4 (2) or extension of code to extra-territorial offences applies to offences committed by \"any person on any ship or aircraft registered in India wherever it may be\".Italy on Tuesday also sent its junior foreign minister Staffan De Mistura to Delhi to handle the situation. Until recently De Mistura was the UN's special representative for Afghanistan . According to the Italian foreign ministry, De Mistura will \"continue on a political level the action so far carried out by a delegation of experts from the Italian foreign, defence and justice ministries\". Italian authorities have also decided to file an appeal in high court against the arrest.Sources said that Italian diplomats are seeking the release of the two mariners on the basis of assurances that they will come back to India whenever asked for.Sources also confirmed Terzi's visit on February 28, but described it as \"previously scheduled\". \"A formal announcement of the visit will take place once all loose ends are tied up but it had been planned earlier,\" they added. A statement by the Italian foreign ministry said that Terzi will visit India \"personally\" next Tuesday.Rome continues to maintain that the trial take place in Italy as the incident, it claims, occurred in international waters. Terzi had said in Rome on Monday that there were \"considerable differences of legal nature\" between the two countries. While Italy has sent a team of high-ranking officials, many of whom are legal experts, Indian officials rule out the possibility of any joint probe into the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11984885", "title": "Kolkata rape case fallout: Transfer of cops likely after budget session", "text": "KOLKATA: During the regular 'crime meeting' at the detective department on Tuesday, Damayanti Sen mentioned that some officers were speaking to the media.It appeared partly a rebuke for letting out too many investigation - and personal - details to the media. It was this bunch of men and women who she had worked with non-stop to crack the rape case. Sen didn't speak to reporters on Tuesday.A senior officer said: \"The storm has been weathered. The government is cautious and would not like to invite fresh criticism by transferring officers credited with cracking the case. But a section (within the government) feels the matter was mishandled. It also feels that if the government blames commissioner R K Pachnanda then special commissioner Sivaji Ghosh should also be measured by the same yardstick. The CM had spoken to them first before getting an account from the joint commissioners. We expect that action, if any, will be taken after the assembly budget session.\"The other discussion centered on Ghosh. \"He was resurrected from relative obscurity (MD, Police Housing Board) and made special commissioner exactly 10 days after the Mamata government took charge. The move was widely anticipated to result in him getting the commissioner's post. For eight months it didn't happen. Now, it is clear that Pachnanda, too, enjoys the government's confidence. There is a lingering feeling that groupism has less to do with the case than haggling for the top slot. After Ghosh moved in, there has been some churning in the top posts as well which may have triggered these allegations of groupism,\" reasoned a Trinamool minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11986324", "title": "Stop campus recruitments, HC tells PSUs", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has restrained public sector undertakings from holding campus recruitments and asked them to maintain status quo for two weeks.The first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam issued the interim direction on a public interest writ petition filed by advocate M Palanimuthu , who said PSUs should not conduct such recruitments without any job notification and without following reservation rules.On Tuesday, when the matter came up for further hearing after its first hearing on December 23, 2011, the counsel for PSUs sought more time. Giving them more time, the judges said, \"In the mean time, status quo with regard to campus selection shall be maintained.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11984489", "title": "Senior journalist beaten up in Sec 56, one villager held", "text": "GURGAON: A senior journalist was allegedly beaten up by six persons on the premises of a horse riding school in Sector 56 on Monday. The Badshapur police have arrested the prime accused, a resident of Ullahwas village, and launched a hunt for the rest. An FIR in the matter has been lodged.The incident took place on the Sector 56 road outside the private horse riding school around 7:30am on Monday.Journalist Yatish Rajawat, a resident of Sector 17, was on his way to the private horse riding school in his Maruti Swift when the accused, Ashok, who was in an inebriated condition, tried to stop the car outside the school and asked Rajawat to drop him at his village. Rajawat, however, ignored Ashok and drove inside the school. The security guard of the school later asked Ashok to leave.Half an hour later, about six people including Ashok reached at the driving school in an SUV and thrashed Rajawat with baseball sticks and a whip. The six also brutally kicked him all over his body. Minutes later they fled.A police team reached the school soon after. Rajawat meanwhile said, \"This is clearly an issue of law and order. It shows how unsafe a common man is in Gurgaon. If without any provocation a gang can beat up someone brutally, it's a wake-up call for the city police.\"\"We are on the job and will arrest the other accused soon,\" said an investigator. The police have lodged an FIR against Ashok. According to the police, Ashok identified three of the accused as Ashok were Rajkumar, Deepak and Nirajan. Police have seized their Endeavour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11986126", "title": "Nariman Point drops 7 places to 15th spot in global office rentals", "text": "MUMBAI: Nariman Point fell to the 15th place from its previous eighth position as the most expensive central business district (CBD) in the world, according to the annual report 'Office Space Across the World 2012' by Cushman &amp; Wakefield.The report released on Tuesday said this is also the first time in over six years that Mumbai has fallen out of the Top 10 rent rankings. Hong Kong, London and Tokyo maintained their position as the top three on the annual chart; Beijing (5) and Sydney (7) entered the top ten list for the first time.Ravi Ahuja, executive director, Cushman &amp; Wakefield, India, said, \"The decline of Mumbai's CBD rentals is reflective of two very important aspects; firstly, that other micro markets across Mumbai are witnessing a growth vis a vis the CBD. Secondly, that there is a certain amount of rationalisation in rentals in locations that had seen unprecedented rise in peak periods of 2007-08. Nariman Point has seen a steady and perhaps a planned decline in the past few years as other micro markets like BKC and Lower Parel recorded a corresponding rise. BKC was consciously planned to decongest the CBD and we see this phenomenon setting in.\"The report said that Nariman Point saw a rental decline of approximately 8% in 2011, allowing it to slip in global ranking, largely due to diminishing interest on account of higher prices, lower quality and age of construction and growing distances from residential hubs. In contrast to this, locations such as Bandra-Kurla Complex (BKC), Worli-Lower Parel and Andheri-Kurla Road offer larger floor plate and higher quality of construction whilst being closer to residential hubs. BKC has been inching up in terms of rental values (6%) owing to a steady demand. While locations such as Andheri-Kurla and western suburbs cater to back offices.Asia-Pacific recorded the steepest regional prime office rental increases in 2011 according to the report. \"Overall, rents across the region increased by an average of 8%, with Beijing recording the highest jump in rents globally (75%). Hong Kong maintained its position as the most expensive office location in the world for the second year running, with Tokyo in the third,\" it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "charkhari", "code": "11984279", "title": "Bundlekhand's Kashmir waits for Uma's magic", "text": "CHARKHARI: Hailed as the Kashmir of Bundelkhand, Charkhari, which is located almost 23 kilometres from the district headquarters of Mahoba, Charkhari has a poor road network and only one community health centre to serve a population of 3.75 lakh. Apart from this, there is only one degree college and two intermediate colleges.Charkhari's association with the saffron sadhvi is quite old, and Uma had been visiting the place, when she was even five-year-old. \"When she was barely 5-year-old, she was a child prodigy who could recite scriptures the way girls of her age could slowly recite nursery rhymes,\" said former collection amin Satyadeo Pathak and yes she wore only 'firrak' at that time, the old man smilingly recalled.Like most of the residents in this picturesque erstwhile princely estate, Pathak is still trying to come to terms with the sudden stroke of luck that came this way last month after BJP declared her candidature from the seat. \"Did anyone in Lucknow or Delhi was ever aware of Charkhari's existence,\" he questioned. \"And now even foreign media is writing about Bundelkhand's Kashmir with its 9 lakes and 108 Krishna temples all because Didi decides to join the fight here,\" he said.And now the local aspirations are soaring, Parmanand Lakshapal, a local trader complains about large tracts of land acquired for setting up industrial units a decade ago, which never came up. There is a long-standing demand of a central school in Charkhari, which has only one degree college set up 40 years ago. As a result, the local students are forced to go to neighbouring Chhatarpur and Tikamgarh for higher education, Parmanand said. He alleges that unemployment has turned 60% youths into gamblers. He talks about culpable level of official apathy and how local municipal authorities have converted the grand royal theatre hall that staged many her Shakespearean tragedies in the regime of former ruler Aridaman Singh into a granary. \"Uma with her proven track record as Tikamgarh's MP is the last beacon of hope,\" he said.Barely half a kilometre away, sitting in a sprawling Congress office, Bharat Shukla, a local Congress leader, runs down the sadhvi as a 'rank outsider' out to emotionally exploit simple folks of Charkhari. \"What we need here is a local leader and not a NRI imposter.\" From 1952, Charkhari has known only two MLAs belonging to the place. In election 2012, things are not different. Uma is from Madhya Pradesh, Kaptan Singh, the Samajwadi Party (SP) candidate is from Jalaun, BSP's Bhuru Ram hails from Hamirpur. Congress candidate Ram Jiwan Yadav is a local resident. All major parties, he charged, have ignored regional aspirations of Charkhari.In fact a crack team of MP's Congressmen led by Yogendra Singh, is camping here to embarrass Uma. Yogendra had trounced Uma in 2008. Chandrika Yadav, who is manning SP's election office in Turkiyana mohalla, predicts victory for Kaptan Singh. Thirty thousand Muslim votes coupled with 38,000 Yadav are going to be polled in SPs favour, he claimed. Uma Bharti's much touted backward status will be of little help, he said. Charkhari has 63,000 Lodh voters but Uma has to face six more Lodh contenders who are in the fray. BSP's four time MLA from Rath and now the party's (BSP) candidate Bhuru Ram faces strong anti-incumbency and even dalits would vote against him, said Chandrika Yadav.The decline here began soon after Charkhari was declared a reserved constituency in 1970. This time, a general status and Uma's entry seems to be a welcome sign, declared Jayant Singh Judev, a descendent of the royal family. Judev has turned Raobagh Palace into a heritage hotel. He is sure that Uma can turn Charkhari into a tourist destination and bring recognition to it the way Gandhis brought respectability to Amethi.Interestingly, Uma's supporters are convinced that her presence in Charkhari will also give boost to BJP's chances in entire Bundelkhand region. The tide is turning in her favour, announced Dilip Yadav, a local BJP leader. Yadav is rushing to join Uma who stands surrounded by a mixed crowd in Durhi Gate area.Speaking fluently in the local dialect, the sadhvi could be heard how she would force funds from the Centre to developing Charkhari, her future constituency. \"Bare laraiyya Mahoba varey, jinki kachhu kahi na jaye\" (Mahoba residents are great fighters whose valour cannot be described). And quoting Aalhaa Udal, the warrior king, she signs off with a flourish leaving the crowd mesmerised. Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11984973", "title": "FORCE tells parents to boycott BJP for MoI stance", "text": "MARGAO: Appealing to all parents in Goa not to vote for the BJP for their stance on the medium of instruction (MoI) issue, the Forum for Rights of Children's Education (FORCE) dismissed BJP's claims of finding an amicable solution.\"We have instructed all parents not to vote for the BJP as they do not support grants to English medium schools as stated in the manifesto,\" said Savio Lopes, FORCE secretary.Members of the FORCE executive committee said that they enjoy the support of around 2 lakh parents directly and indirectly. \"Unlike the Bharatiya Bhasha Suraksha Manch (BBSM), which supports the BJP, we (FORCE) have had always remained apolitical and are only reacting to the decision of a political party,\" said Lopes.When asked what their plan of action would be if the BJP was elected to power, Lopes stated that the people would agitate and that ultimately any government has to give in to the demands of the majority. The majority of the public have demanded that funds be provided to English medium schools, he said.Assembly elections news 2012Goa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11983345", "title": "Truck thief nabbed", "text": "HYDERABAD: Police on Tuesday arrested a thief and recovered Rs 29 lakh worth stolen vehicles from his possession.According to police, the arrested R Raju of Karminagar used to steal trucks and buses parked on the roadside. After stealing the truck, Raju used to take the vehicle to a secluded place on the outskirts of the city, strip its battery, tyres and take out fuel to sell it in the grey market.In the past, Raju stole an RTC bus from MGBS and took it to Pedamberpet where he removed its battery and wheels and sold them, said Hayathnagar sub-inspector M Madhu Kumar. Similarly, Raju stole an oil container truck on February 11 from Hayatnagar and sold the refined oil load at Choutuppal. He then drove the vehicle to Kothaguda and abandoned it there after removing its wheels and battery, the SI said.He was arrested by police while he was moving on a stolen bike at Abdullapurmet. During interrogation, Raju confessed that he had sold the stolen wheels to a mechanic, G Praveen Kumar , of Hayathnagar.Based on the information provided by the culprit, police recovered two stolen trucks, batteries and tyres, all worth Rs 29 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11986102", "title": "Plea on recruitment of judges dismissed", "text": "CHENNAI: Clearing the decks for the recruitment of 185 civil judges for the subordinate judiciary, the Madras high court on Tuesday dismissed a batch of public interest writ petitions against the exercise.A specially constituted division bench of Justice K Suguna and Justice M M Sundresh dismissed the PILs saying there were not enough reasons to interfere with the January 21 notification calling for applications.The matter pertains to writ petitions filed by various bar associations and individual advocates on the grounds that the Tamil Nadu Public Service Commission and the state government ought not to have ceded their recruitment powers in favour of the high court even as a one-time measure.The January 21 notification sought to recruit 185 civil judges for the state judiciary. At least eight writ petitions were filed raising several issues concerning the advertisement. While some petitions say the TNPSC could not be undermined in the selection process, others demanded filling up backlog vacancies meant for SC/ST first, besides relaxation of upper age limit for SC/ST candidates.A clause that law graduates in Madras high court service and employees of the high court are ineligible to participate in the selection drive too had been questioned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11983867", "title": "Declare Adarsh a security threat: Army", "text": "MUMBAI: With the Maharashtra government shying away from implementing the 2011 ministry of environment &amp; forests order to demolish Adarsh, the defence ministry has opened another front to reclaim land on which the controversial 31-storey building stands in Colaba.The local army unit has filed a writ demanding that Adarsh be declared a security threat to the Colaba military station. Calling it a 'private' society, the petition said Adarsh being the tallest building overlooks military establishments like the Electrical and Mechanical Engineering (EME) workshop, a storage and disbursal depot for petrol, oil and lubricants, within 27 metres to a maximum 400 metres.\"The entire top decision-making echelons-the General Officer Commanding (GOC) window being clearly visible-at the headquarters of the Maharashtra, Gujarat and Goa (MG&G;) area can be eliminated with sniper rifles and other hand-held weapons with the building barely 200 metres away,'' the petition filed through Deepak Saxena, major general (chief of staff) of MG&G; area, said.Citing the case of US president Barack Obama watching live in Washington the operation to kill al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden in Pakistan , the petition pointed out that it may be possible for residents of the building to observe numbers and types and movement of personnel, specialist and general purpose vehicles that may be parked in the workshop, from which their availability/serviceability can be analyzed.\"...potential residents of Adarsh and their guests, who could be foreign nationals, will not be under the jurisdiction of the Indian Navy or Indian Army authorities and hence not amenable to security checks,'' army officials added, detailing a range of hand-held weapons available with terrorists that can be smuggled into Adarsh.The army pointed to violations in provisions of development control regulation 16, which states the municipal commissioner can reject a building proposal if he considers it to be source of danger to the health and safety of inhabitants of the neighbourhood.The role of five GOCs from 1999 to 2010 as being responsible for the security risk arising from the building was also pointed out. \"Each successive GOC, be it A R Kumar, V S Yadav, T K Kaul, Tejinder Singh and R K Hooda, or their family members, were given a flat and thus, none objected to the land under occupation and owned by the army to Adarsh,'' officials said.To buttress security concerns, the army cited the example of Pakistani American national David Coleman Headley , currently in US custody, who surveyed sites across the city before the 2008 terror attacks in Mumbai.The army said that to ensure a Adarsh-like situation is not repeated, they (in addition to the Western Naval Command) have sent a proposal to the defence ministry to restrict the construction and height of private buildings around 500 metres of the military station.It added that as early as June 2003, the then defence estate officer has raised the issue of a security threat with the collector of Mumbai. In fact, it mentioned that the occupation certificate (OC) was issued to Adarsh despite a written request to the Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority ( MMRDA) to withhold its issuance, citing security concerns in 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11985086", "title": "Will work for all communities: Rohan Khaunte", "text": "PANAJI: Independent candidate Rohan Khaunte released his election manifesto for Porvorim constituency on Tuesday assuring that he would work for all communities.Addressing mediapersons, Khaunte said that he did not wish to give tall promises to the people and had kept his manifesto realistic. \"I have a practical manifesto. I've remained as an independent candidate and I will work for all communities,\" he said.Khaunte's manifesto assures upgraded and uninterrupted power supply, proper street lighting of roads and junctions; a dedicated water supply pipeline for Porvorim along with water harvesting projects; waste management solution including segregation of garbage at the source and door-to-door collection; sewerage; traffic management, and safety of pedestrians walking along the highway; a primary health centre for Porvorim with a baby care unit, a 24-hour pharmacy and an ambulance; a modern market complex; garden and joggers park; community-cum town hall along with a library; sports and play areas; transport facilities for interior routes in the constituency; a fire sub station; public distribution system; employment; crematorium; minority welfare; slum rehabilitation; primary education; women empowerment; rejuvenation of fallow fields through community farming and promoting farming among the younger generation who had abandoned it for white collar jobs; and basic infrastructure such as retaining walls in hilly areas and public toilets in various wards.Khaunte also introduced several panchayat ward members from Socorro, Salvador do Mundo and Penha da Franca, who he said, were firmly backing him. He hit out at the statements made by the newly-formed United Porvorkars that he was an outsider. \"These people are outsiders themselves and have come from places like Ponda and Canacona. The BJP candidate Govind Parvatkar, who they support, has been defeated in earlier elections in St Andre and Cumbharjua. Parvatkar himself is a remote-controlled candidate,\" he added.Assembly elections news 2012Goa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11984018", "title": "Raj Thackeray loyalist offers to quit assembly post", "text": "MUMBAI: Following MNS's dismal performance in the Lalbaug-Parel-Sewri belt in the recent held BMC elections, MLA Bala Nandgaonkar has offered to resign as the party's leader in the state legislative assembly.Nandgaonkar tendered his resignation to Raj Thackeray on Tuesday, though he will continue to function as MLA. He will continue to function as MLA, sources close to him said.There was no confirmation whether the MNS chief had accepted his close acolyte's resignation. Nandgaonkar was the first, and arguably the only, senior Shiv Sena leader to join the MNS when Raj broke away from the Sena in 2005.Nandgaoankar was elected to the state legislative assembly in 2009 from south-central Mumbai.In his report to Thackeray, Nandgaonkar has blamed several local party functionaries for the MNS' poll debacle in the city's Lalbaug-Parel-Sewri stretch, which is considered the party's, and Nandgaonkar's, bastion.In-fighting in the party came to the fore on Monday when Nandgaonkar held a closed-door meeting with MNS activists to review poll results. The MNS failed to win a single sit in south-central Mumbai. Many MNS workers told Nandgaonkar that several senior partymen had either stayed away from the campaign or, worse, had actively helped the rival candidates.Nandgaonkar's resignation could be the beginning of sweeping organizational changes in the party. Raj has sought reports from local units across Mumbai to guage the extent of damage to the party in the BMC elections because of severe in-fighting and groupism.Talking to TNN last week, the MNS chief had stated that he was all set to crack the whip'' on the rebels.Meanwhile, former chief minister and senior Sena leader Manohar Joshi has convened a meeting of Shiv Sena activists on Wednesday to discuss the party's dismal poll performance in the Prabhadevi-Dadar-Matunga belt, his and the Sena's bastion.The MNS swept all the seven seats in the Sena strongholds. Matoshree is said to be upset with Joshi for the Sena's poor showing. Sena CEO Uddhav Thackeray is belived to have refused to meet Joshi to discuss the party's poll fiasco in dadar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "purnia", "code": "11985904", "title": "Bihar-Nepal rail link to be ready by 2014", "text": "PURNIA: The friendly ties between Bihar and Nepal are set to get further boost as train services between Bathnaha in Araria district and Biratnagar (Nepal) are likely to begin in 2014.The work on the 18-km rail route between Bathnaha and Biratnagar, which is being expeditiously carried out, will hopefully be completed and trains would chug out of Biratnagar by 2014.Katihar DRM Bhushan Patil, who personally made an inspection of the work on rail route on Monday, told TOI that the new rail route construction would cost Rs 248 crore. While 5km stretch of the route from Bathnaha to border point will be inside Bihar, 13km stretch would fall within Nepal.The railways also proposed to upgrade the Bathnaha railway station into a model station which will provide better amenities to commuters from across the border as well, the DRM said.The foundation of the proposed new rail line between Bathnaha and Biratnagar was formally laid by the then railway minister Lalu Prasad at Jogbani on June 4, 2007 when he had come to flag off Seemanchal Express between Jogbani and New Delhi and Kolkata-Jogbani triweekly.The DRM also indicated that pairs of passenger trains between Jogbani and Patna and Jogbani and Manihari would soon be introduced. He, however, could not commit on the possible date as it all depended upon several factors.Bihar Congress spokesman V K Thakur welcomed the railway's firm initiatives in opening rail traffic to Nepal by 2014. He, however, said that railways, which appeared to have put many new rail line projects like Jalalgarh (Purnia)-Kishanganj and Galgalia-Araria via Bahadurganj on the back burner, should show equal anxiety and concern in taking up these projects which would immensely help in economic resurgence of this neglected part of Bihar.\"The North-East Frontier Railways should also accord priority to the electrification of rail route between Barauni and Guwahati via Katihar,\" Thakur said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11983869", "title": "India, Bangladesh may sign extradition pact during foreign minister's visit", "text": "NEW DELHI: India and Bangladesh may sign an extradition treaty when the latter's home minister Shahara Khatun arrives here on Thursday on a three-day visit.Khatun will have deliberations with her counterpart P Chidambaram on various bilateral issues, including counter-terror measures, border disputes, cross- border illegal activities and infiltration.Sources said draft of the extradition treaty was approved by officials of the two countries with some changes and the pact may be signed during Khatun's trip.Progress in implementation of the agreement relating to demarcation of land boundary and exchange of adversely-held enclaves, that was signed by the two countries during Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's visit to Dhaka in September last year, is also expected to come up for discussion at the home ministers' meeting.New Delhi may raise the issue of anti-India activities in the neighbouring country while Dhaka is likely to take up the issue of nabbing wanted criminals of that country. Bangladesh may also flag its concern over killing of its nationals along the border allegedly by BSF and the torture of a Bangladeshi by BSF personnel in West Bengal's Murshidabad district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11983270", "title": "Congress releases candidate list for byelections", "text": "HYDERABAD: After several 'brain-storming' sessions, Congress on Tuesday finally announced candidates for the six constituencies going to bypolls on March 18. The list was released in Delhi.Surprisingly, the Congress ignored the candidature of Vijayalakshmi, who was tipped to contest Mahbubnagar constituency, represented by her husband late Rajeshwar Reddy, who died of heart attack recently.Once it became clear that the party rejected her candidature, Vijayalakshmi announced in Mahbubnagar that she would enter the fray as an independent to take on Syed Ibrahim (TRS) and Muthya Prakash (Congress), who was former municipal chairman. In fact, all the political parties had hinted at opting out of the race to ensure Vijayalakshmi's unanimous victory but now it appears that Mahbubnagar is set for triangular contest.The other candidates announced by the Congress for bypolls are as follows: Former minister C Ramachandra Reddy (Adilabad), Y Raji Reddy (Kamareddy), R Pratap (Station Ghanpur) and M Damodar Reddy (Nagarkurnool).Information minister D K Aruna had her way with the party announcing the candidature of former TRS leader M Vishnuvardhan Reddy to take on Jupalli Krishna Rao in Kollapur. The party picked up P Srinivasulu Reddy to take on Prasanna Kumar Reddy of YSR Congress in Kovvur in Nellore district.Meanwhile, notwithstanding the dissent of its ally CPI, CPM went ahead to announce its third candidate for the bypolls even as the party leaders hinted at entering the fray from the fourth Assembly segment. CPM announced Lanka Raghavulu as its candidate for Adilabad on Tuesday, while senior leaders said the party could consider contesting from Kollapur also against Jupalli.The party had announced its candidates for Kovvur and Station Ghanpur despite CPI's objections. Party leader Y Venkateswarara Rao said: \"We had said before that we would contest the by-polls. We are not bothered by CPI's charges that we had taken unilateral decisions.\" He said party president B V Raghavulu would represent CPM at the Karimnagar conference of CPI on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11984680", "title": "Man to stand trial for duping bank", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Delhi court has ordered trial of a businessman on charges of cheating and forgery. The businessman, identified as Ranjan Sukhani, has also been accused of trying to take a huge loan from a bank on the basis of forged letters of US Embassy, the United Nations officials and a private firm, police said.Additional Sessions Judge Rajeev Bansal paved the way for trial of air travel agency owner, Sukhani, and asked him to appear before the magistrate. \"I do not find any infirmity in the order assailed by the petitioner in these proceedings. The present petition is thus devoid of merits and is hereby dismissed,\" said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "priol", "code": "11984935", "title": "Lion may roar again in Priol", "text": "PRIOL: A split in the votes of those from the scheduled tribe community, thanks to two candidates representing the same, could well see incumbent Pandurang 'Deepak' Dhavalikar's MGP party-symbol: lion-roar again in Priol constituency.The ST community, including Satarkars, are the predominant presence in this assembly constituency of Ponda taluka, making up for about 50% of the total electorate. It is why Kashinath Jhalmi and Vishwas Satarkar, both representatives of the community, represented the constituency for four consecutive terms from 1989.While Jhalmi won as an MGP candidate in 1989 and 1994, Satarkar won as a BJP candidate in 1999 and 2002. In 2007, for the first time, the seat went to a non-ST candidate-Pandurang 'Deepak' Dhavalikar of the MGP. The constituency apparently doesn't favour the Congress, as Jhalmi found out in 2007 when as a candidate of the hand he bagged only 14.93% votes.Priol constituency comprises Khandola, Orgao, Savoi-Verem, Bhoma, Priol and Keri segments. The constituency has 27,587 electors and ST leaders say 12,700 votes belong to the community.But with two ST members-Congress candidate Dhaku Madkaikar and independent Govind Gaude-in the fray, political analysts feel the duo may split the ST vote, which could help Dhavalikar retain his seat. \"Gaude and Madkaikar's candidatures will split the ST community votes resulting in a loss for both,\" a community leder said.Incidentally, Dhavalikar and Gaude are from Marcaim constituency while Madkaikar is from Cumbharjua constituency. Given that Dhavalikar won the seat in 2007, if any of these candidates win, it will only make Priol's sweeping change of five years ago a trend.Assembly elections news 2012Goa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "11984863", "title": "Sonia will be in Goa on Sat: Deshmukh", "text": "VASCO: The Congress candidate from Mormugao Sankalp Amonkar said on Tuesday that the houses coming under the CRZ will be saved and the matter would be discussed with Rahul Gandhi. He was addressing a public meeting in Baina, which was also attended by Vilasrao Deshmukh , who said, \"Sankalp is popular in the Congress... Sonia Gandhi will be coming down on Saturday to encourage him.\"\"During recession when the entire business of America was suffering loses, only India was a country that was standing tall. This is Congress governance,\" headded.Amonkar will open offices in eight wards. \"All the official work will be done here for free. Volunteers will accompany the people to government offices to get their work done,\" he said.Assembly elections news 2012Goa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11985788", "title": "Health department to rethink doctors' registrations", "text": "PATNA: Good news for the doctors of the state! The recommendation of the Bihar Council of Medical Registration (BCMR) to make it mandatory for doctors to apply for fresh registration every five years may not see the light of the day, as per indications from the state health department. Earlier, the government had approved the suggestion of the BCMR and also issued a notification to this effect.The move was strongly objected by nearly all senior doctors of the state, both in government service and private practice. Their opposition was primarily due to apprehension that this would unduly harass them. BCMR had also recommended enhancing the registration fee to Rs 500.However, the department has now assured to look into the issue. Talking to TOI on Tuesday, principal secretary, health, Amarjeet Sinha said, \"It is not that we will implement it without taking into consideration the reservations expressed by doctors. We would be happy going through their suggestions in this regard.\"He, however, said the prime motive behind the move was knowledge update of the doctors. As new inventions are taking place in medical science everyday, it has become necessary for doctors to remain updated about their field through continued medical education (CME) and so on. Sinha, though in the same vein, said if the doctors had any objection with regard to registration every five years, their views would be considered in a most positive way.Bihar Health Services Association (BHSA) general secretary Dr Ajay Kumar welcomed the government's move to reconsider the issue. Kumar said, \"Even the recommendation given by the Medical Council of India (MCI) in this regard has not been approved by the Union government. BCMR has no statutory rights to recommend the same.\" He cited the example of Kerala, where the high court had earlier rejected the move of the state health department.He said, \"We are not against upgrading knowledge, but for this the government should make available adequate infrastructure in medical colleges.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11984634", "title": "UK journal to publish BHU study report", "text": "VARANASI: The recent demonstration by Prof D Dash and his group by department of biochemistry, Institute of Medical Sciences, (IMS), Banaras Hindu University (BHU) that nano particles are capable of killing the parasite microfilariae which is responsible for causing filariasis has been accepted for publication in the International Journal of Nanomedicine (UK). The research was carried out in colaboration with the department of biochemistry, Mahatma Gandhi Institute of Medical Sciences, Sevagram.In this study, the authors have shown that addition of silver nano particles to filarial parasite leads to apoptotic death of parasites, raising the hope for a potential next generation therapy against filariasis using the power of nano technology. Sunil Kumar Singh, PhD scholar of the department of biochemistry, IMS, BHU is the first author of this study.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11986054", "title": "Jai Hind College can choose in-charge principal: Bombay HC", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay High Court on Tuesday held that as a minority institution, Jai Hind College, Churchgate, has the freedom to choose a qualified person as its in-charge principal until a regular principal is appointed.A division bench of Justice A M Khanwilkar and Justice Nitin Jamdar gave its verdict on a petition filed by the college. It had challenged a October 13, 2011, government resolution (GR) and the Mumbai university's January 6, 2012, order, directing that a seniormost teaching staff must be appointed as in-charge principal. The college had appointed Ashok Wadia for the post for six months . This was rejected by the university.The college's advocate, Arvind Kothari, argued there is complete freedom to a minority institution to choose its principal and neither the university nor the state can regulate its right.The judges agreed, saying the rights of minorities under Article 30 (1) to establish and administer their educational institutions have time and again been upheld by the Supreme Court. They said the condition in the GR for appointment of a senior-most teacher as in-charge principal has \"no application to minority educational institutions\". They quashed and set aside the university's January 6 order. \"On the other hand, we have no hesitation in holding that since the petitioners are, admittedly, a minority institution, they have the freedom to choose a qualified person to be appointed as incharge principal until the process for appointing a permanent or regular principal of the college is completed,'' the judges wrote.The judges said the university is free to reconsider the proposal for approval to Wadia's appointment and until then Wadia is allowed to discharge his duties. They rejected a plea by additional government pleader A S Saluja to stay the verdict to move the Supreme Court, saying it has based its judgment on the decision of the apex court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11985734", "title": "District Congress Committees to stage dharna today", "text": "PATNA: District Congress Committees (DCCs) across the state will stage dharna at their respective district headquarters on Wednesday to demand 4.5% sub-quota for backward minorities out of the OBC quota in Bihar, as has recently been done by the Centre.The dharna will be staged in pursuance to the state Congress president Chaudhary Mehboob Ali Kaiser's directive to mount pressure on Nitish government.HK Verma, convener of the state Congress's media department, said people of all castes and creed, and newly-elected block unit presidents and executive members would take part in the dharna. Meanwhile, a meeting of the coordination committee of BPCC will be held at Sadaquat Ashramon February 24. It will be presided over by the CWC member and Bihar in-charge Gul Chain Singh 'Charak'. It will discuss the party's strategy for Bihar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11985595", "title": "MCD sleeps, GK sends SOS to grievance panel", "text": "For most residents of GKI , walking on Hans Raj Gupta Marg is a nightmare . With most pavements encroached upon by vendors and cycle-rickshaws , pedestrians are left with no option but to walk on the main road and brave the fast moving traffic. Despite repeated complaints to the MCD, residents say, little has been done to make the area encroachment-free . They have now approached the Public Grievance Commission to find a permanent solution to this growing vendor menace in the upscale residential colony of Delhi.Right at the entrance of the M Block market parking, a juice shop has encroached upon a large portion of the footpath. Right next to it is a small stall selling cigarettes. The rest has gone to a street-food vendor and cycle-rickshaws .A worker with the juice shop claims that its owner has an MCD-approved tehbazaari. \"But the norms for tehbazaari are clear. It is a small shop, open to sky. But this shop has occupied the entire pavement. Other vendors have encroached upon the entire stretch. We have no option but to risk our lives by walking on road,'' said Rajiv Kakria, member of the GK-I residents welfare association.\"Almost every day a new stall is coming up. A tailor sits on the pavement; a street-food vendor sits right outside the main entrance of a block. During lunch time, there is a jam. This is a upscale area and there is no need for such street-food vendors. Moreover, they don't have a licence to operate. But MCD doesn't take any action,\" said R K Tanwar, president of the RWA.After the RWA filed the complaint in December, MCD took action a week before the date of hearing in the PGC on January 30. The MCD claimed it had removed the encroachments, but residents say it was done just on paper. \"The PGC was not satisfied by the MCD's action-taken report. The next date of hearing is March 26. But residents are agitated as the MCD has taken no action in the last 21 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11985984", "title": "Coaching class dupes over 20 candidates who miss HSC exams", "text": "MUMBAI: A group of students from Nalasopara and Virar who were to appear for their Higher Secondary School Certificate (HSC) examination on Tuesday learnt that they had been cheated by their coaching class where they had enrolled as private students. On February 20, the coaching class-ACE Classes in Nalasopara (E)-gave at least 23 students their seat numbers that were handwritten on pieces of paper. The commerce and arts students were informed that their hall tickets would be issued at the centre itself on Tuesday.None of the students had checked with the exam centre in advance but when they arrived an hour before the exam was scheduled to commence at 11am, officials informed them that the seat numbers were bogus. When the students rushed to their coaching class, they found it shut. They then approached the coaching class' branch at Virar, which was also shut. They finally returned to Nalasopara in the evening and lodged a complaint against two teachers Dushyant Parikh and Yogesh Gawad. The students told the police that they had paid Rs 3,500 each to fill the form that would entitle them to sit for the board exam as private candidates.The police have registered a case against the accused, who are absconding, under Section 420 of the IPC. Police officials said the number of students cheated may be over 35. \"The coaching class may have also cheated students wanting to appear for the SSC examination privately next month,\" said the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11985600", "title": "Chandni Chowk at war with vendors", "text": "After the MCD and police failed to make the Chandni Chowk pavements encroachment-free , the traders took up the task themselves and carried out a drive from February 2.\"Over two lakh traders, shoppers and tourists visit the market everyday but little has been done to improve the conditions despite Chandni Chowk being the oldest and one of the bigger wholesale markets. The pavements were constructed nearly a decade back and I haven't seen any repairs being carried out here. They have always been in the iron grip of hawkers and vendors. Despite Supreme Court's direction for not allowing any hawking /tehbazaari on the Chandni Chowk pavements, pedestrians can find hardly any space to walk,\" said Sanjay Bhargava , general secretary, Chandni Chowk Sarv Vyapar Mandal.But after the traders carried out a protest, the situation has improved. \"We carried out our drive with some 'Gandhigiri' . We didn't shout slogans but distributed roses while our message was clearly written on the banners - it asked the hawkers to create space for pedestrians . The police couldn't stop us. Now the situation has improved and people can walk,\" said Bhargava.But the encroachers are a persistent lot. \"I have been setting up my 'currency-exchange ' counter here for more than 18 years. I applied for a tehbazaari licence in 2007 but there has been no response from MCD. Even we have to earn our livelihood,\" said Ramesh Kumar .Kumar alleged that even the traders used the pavements to display their goods. \"Our drive is against anyone who encroaches on the footpath,\" said Rashid Rehman, a trader.Regular visitors say walking in the market remains a nightmare. \"People jostle with each other and the pavements are in a dire state. They are uneven and broken and sometimes people even fall and get hurt,\" said Sarita Verma, a shopper.MCD blames cops for the hawkers returning to the pavements. \"Once MCD takes action against encroachments, it is Delhi Police's responsibility to maintain status quo,\" said an MCD official.The scene in Sadar Bazar is no different . \"MCD is working on the main road but the footpaths have vanished. When the road was being widened, no provision for a footpath was made. Where will the pedestrians walk? Traffic movement will be affected as people will walk on the road,\" said Harcharan Singh, a trader at Sadar Bazar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11984652", "title": "HC stays union polls at five colleges", "text": "KOLKATA: Calcutta high court on Tuesday termed the continued state-wide violence over college union elections as a \"burning issue\" and stayed elections at five colleges, including three in Kolkata, till March 15.The high court had on January 11 this year, while lifting a stay on the Budge Budge college union poll results, said the judiciary could not intervene in a process meant to be governed by an institution's own statutes. However, the high court passed the order on Tuesday after it was pointed out that the apex court on September 22, 2006, directed all states to implement the Lyngdoh Commission report on college polls.Justice Tapen Sen, hearing petitions filed by SFI supporters claiming they're being unable to file nominations in five colleges (Garia's KK Das College and Dinabandhu Andrews College, Prafulla Chandra College or South City Night College, Malda's Rathbari College and Jhargram Raj College), stayed the elections till March 15 and asked the government to file an affidavit on the steps taken on implementing the Lyngdoh Commission report on March 1. Subrata Mukherjee, appearing for SFI, urged the court's intervention since college union polls had an element of public element and reminded the court of the Commission's recommendation.On January 11, the court had said that it cannot interfere in student union elections because these are governed by the statutes of the respective colleges. Even the universities to which they are affiliated do not have a universal set of rules for college polls, it had pointed out.Lawyer Billwadal Bhattacharyya, representing Trinamool Chhatra Parishad, stressed in light of the earlier order that the court shouldn't admit the latest petitions. The court responded that since it is a burning issue, the court intervened and indicated that this (Tuesday's) order can be challenged in a higher court. The court then set a March 1 deadline to hear the state's submission on implementation of Lyngdoh Commission report after the assistant government pleader sought time.State education minister Bratya Basu had already indicated the state would implement the suggestions of Lyngdoh Commission. Accordingly, Higher Education Council chairman Sugato Marjit convened a meeting with all seven state university vice-chancellors on Tuesday and formed a committee comprising all of them - to be chaired by Calcutta University vice-chancellor Suranjan Das - which will draft a code of conduct by June. It was indicated while the code will have elements of Lyngdoh Commission report, it wouldn't be followed in totality. Suggestions will then be invited from across the political spectrum and the necessary university statutes will be modified after that to incorporate the amended code of conduct. This, of course, will be done after chief minister Mamata Banerjee gives her approval.Basu had earlier said, \"After discussion, we observed that around 200 colleges will hold their union elections within February. No major changes can be implemented immediately in haste. Thus, we have decided to hold students union elections on the same day in every district. The violence which has broken out in campuses is nothing but a backlash of the Left government's promotion of dalatantra inside the institutes.\" The district magistrate and police officials had been requested to ensure that all colleges hold elections on the same day in every district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11985813", "title": "Rahul fires salvo at Mulayam Singh Yadav in SP\u2019s pocket borough", "text": "LUCKNOW: Challenging Samajwadi Party supremo in his den in Mainpuri, Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi on Tuesday said that Mulayam Singh Yadav is promising moon to the people, but is not explaining what he did for the masses in his three previous terms as chief minister. Addressing an election meeting in Mainpuri, which will vote on February 23, Rahul said, \"Mulayam Singh Yadav is promising free electricity, free water and free facilities for farmers. He also says that he will make provision of sending people suffering from serious ailments for treatment abroad. But, during three terms, when he was the CM, power supply in districts was two to three hours per day. In such a situation, now Yadav should explain to the people how would he arrange free electricity and why he did not give free electricity, when he was the CM.\" Rahul also pointed out that not a single power generation plant has come up in the region in the last 22 years.The Congress general secretary also asked the crowd, if they ate satisfied with the previous regimes of SP, BJP and BSP in UP and whether the state has progressed during last 22 years under non-Congress governments, to which the people responded with a 'No'. He also said that the youth from UP is forced to migrate to other states in search of work. \"When Delhi slept, workers from UP made the metro. Almost 90% of those who work belong to UP. They are forced to go to other places because there is no work here,\" Rahul said. He said that the Congress launched MNREGS so that people could get employment at their doorstep, but Yadav as UP CM did not implement the scheme. \"SP ministers took away the money. Now Yadav is promising unemployment allowance,\" he said. He said that people in the state want employment and not unemployment allowance and added that only youth can bring change in UP. Rahul promised that if voted to power, Congress would generate adequate employment opportunities for youth. \"We will create favourable condition for generating employment in UP,\" he said.The Congress said that Bundelkhand had remained neglected during BJP, BSP and SP dispensations. He said similarly the non-Congress government did nothing for weavers and farmers. Rahul said that the Congress-led UPA has worked for farmers, weavers and Bundelkhand. However, package given by the Centre has been 'consumed' by Mayawati government. He said that SP is now promising to turn Bundelkhand into Israel, but when the party was in power, it did nothing for the region. He said that UP could not survive on promises alone. Rahul asked people to vote for the Congress and it will change the state. \"You will appreciate the Congress government yourself,\" he added. Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012  Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11985673", "title": "Industrialization only way to alleviate poverty: Sen", "text": "NAGPUR: Industrialization seems to be the only way for India to alleviate its citizens out of poverty, according to renowned economist Partha Sen. Speaking at the Novus 2012 management conclave organized by NIT School of Management, he shared his views on the challenges in managing the global crisis.Sen is a member of various central government advisory boards related to trade, industry and finance and has taught at universities in both India and abroad. \"Liberalization in India was not managed properly due to which we missed the industrialization bus, \"said Sen. \"We talk of globalization as liberalization that went wrong. There are two types of globalization, one of trade and good and the other of financial services,\" he added.Sen's premise is that since India did not have a check on the foreign investments coming into the country due to which exchange rates rose sharply. \"If one dollar buys you Rs 100 then India becomes a very attractive proposal for corporates abroad, but the other way round and the game changes. We have to understand that foreign direct investments and exports go hand-in-hand. Now the only way out for India out of poverty, at this point of time, is industrialization,\" said Sen.He did not rule out the effects of industrialization on environment and food security, but stressed that India had limited options. With small farmers flocking to cities and taking up better paying manual labour jobs the future of food security is a huge concern. \"There are a large number of people who are into farming because they are not getting the opportunity to do anything else. So even if we have 10% farmers joining industries it will not affect the agriculture sector. Industrialization is the market's way of redistributing wealth and is mutually beneficial,\" said Sen.With the launch of National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (NREGA), many industries complain about the shortage of labour. Another economist Pinaki Chakraborty, who has worked with various state governments and World Bank as consultant, said, \"Big agriculturists from Punjab say that farm labourers that usually came from Bihar have stopped coming and NREGA may certainly be one of the reasons. But I don't understand why a labourer won't come to work for you if you pay them more than the NREGA wage? It seems that very few industries are paying higher than the minimum wage to attract workers.\"Even with labour and wage problems being an issue, Sen believes India needs to industrialize fast and leverage the same for growth. \"Countries like Japan, Thailand and China used external markets for their growth. They export much more goods which has resulted in a strong economic environment for them. We need to start looking in that direction to make up for the missed opportunity,\" Sen summed up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11985034", "title": "Body found in potato sack", "text": "NEW DELHI: A body was recovered from a bag stuffed with potatoes near the washing line of New Delhi railway station.The police said the victim is yet to be identified. The bag was noticed by railway staff on Tuesday morning. \"It seems the bag had been offloaded from a train rather than someone leaving it there. The Magadh Express had entered the washing line and we believe the body was in the train,'' said additional DCP (railways) B S Gurjar.The police said they are investigating the case. \"Till now, we have not found any external injuries on the body. However, it is too early to hazard a guess on whether he died a natural death or was murdered. We have sent the body for post-mortem. We are questioning the washing line employees and the train's guard and the driver. We will keep the body in the mortuary for the next 72 hours,'' said Gurjar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11983795", "title": "9,000 movie halls to be shut on Feb 23 over rollback of 10.3% service tax", "text": "NEW DELHI: Film Federation of India (FFI), a body of cinema associations and exhibitors across the country, has called for a strike on February 23 demanding withdrawal of service tax on the film industry.The federation claimed that as a result of the one-day strike, over 9,000 standalone movie theatres will remain shut. Multiplexes, however, will not be a part of the strike.The association members met Union finance minister and I&B; minister in the last few weeks asking for a rollback of the proposed 10.3% service tax.As per FFI estimates, the number of screens in the country is over 10,000, of which about 900 are in multiplexes. \"The Indian film industry is in deep trouble because of the various taxes imposed on it, and service tax only increases the heavy burden,\" said Vinod Lamba, FFI president. He, however, did not comment on the financial impact of the strike.\"Introduced in 2010, the proposal is to charge service tax at each stage of the film going from the producer to the distributor to the exhibitor. Since that has not been paid, we have started receiving notices and that is why we want the government to look into the issue,\" Lamba said.He added, \"We want to bring it to the notice of the government that while 1,200 films are made in India every year, only a handful are successful. What the industry needs is concession and not additional taxes.\" According to him, passing the burden of the tax onto consumers will lead to raising of ticket prices that are already high.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11988925", "title": "I am trying my best to keep ghazals alive: Pankaj Udhas", "text": "Ghazal will meet Nazrul Sangeet as Pankaj Udhas and Ferdous Ara perform on February 24 at Prinsep Ghat for Maitree Bandhan...Being a part of TOI's Maitree Bandhan initiative, how close have your ties been with Bangladesh?Let me first say that this is an absolutely wonderful thought of bonding the two nations. I was among the first few ghazal singers from India to have performed in Bangladesh. That was in 1987 and I still remember that the current prime minister of Bangladesh, Sheikh Hasina , being seated in the audience for that concert of mine. I have been going to Bangladesh regularly since then. I had done a Bangla album titled \"Bhalobasha\" that had Bengali romantic songs written by poets from Bengal. Those songs continue to remain popular. As for my Bangladeshi fans, I find them attending my concerts in huge numbers wherever I am performing in the world.With the growing popularity of film music, do you find that sensitivity among listeners to relate to the finer sentiments expressed in ghazals?I would not talk only about ghazals. As far as music is concerned, in the last five years, there has been a paradigm shift worldwide that has shocked many music lovers. Look at the songs of Whitney Houston , Celine Dion , Sir Elton John. That kind of singing is almost non-existent today. There is no definite direction of what exactly is working in terms of music. Everyone is just happy listening. Serious listening has gone out of fashion. Here, I'm not talking about connoisseurs. People at large are listening to what I call ambience music. Something plays in the background, while people do their own work. The element of seriousness has gone. Honestly speaking, serious practitioners of art are finding it difficult since their kind of music requires attention and a certain sensibility. Overall, the approach towards finer arts is changing and one has to come to terms with it.Who would you hold responsible for this?The cinema/TV medium is largely responsible for this shift. The age group between six to 16 years is watching TV 24X7. They are in a vulnerable age and believe whatever they see on television is the best. Recently, my flautist friend, Rakesh Chaurasia, told me that his child loved the \"Apni toh jaise taise\" number from \"Bachna Ae Haseeno\". Now the original was sung by Kishore Kumar and Mika recorded it for this movie. But for the child, this song belongs to Mika. I shudder to think that one day, these children might even forget Kishore Kumar!How influenced are you with Bengali ghazals and the works of Begum Akhtar?I am from the radio generation and Begum Akhtar's ghazals have left a deep imprint on my mind. I am trying my best to keep this genre alive. But, it's a difficult battle.Do you see it as a losing battle?No, not really. But the job is harder for ghazal singers of today than those of the likes Mehdi Hassan saab and Jagjit Singh . Till about the 70s, the audience understood sentiments expressed in Urdu lyrics. But now, with the English speaking generation, the job is tougher. Jagjit Singhji didn't produce a single ghazal album in the last five years. One has to compromise a lot to attract youngsters. For his ghazal concerts, he used to include a medley of film and even Punjabi songs to get people interested. That, for a ghazal singer like him, was a tragedy. I have had to compromise too. Even in the sphere of classical music, things are changing. In Mumbai this year, there have been very few pure Indian classical concerts. Instead, there has been a rise in the number of shows where an Indian musician collaborated with an international instrumentalist or a band to do world music, fusion and experimental fare.While all your ghazals are your babies, do you have a favourite child?Yes. \"Deewaron se milkar rona achha lagta hai/hum bhi pagal ho jayenge aisa lagta hai\". That was from the album \"Mukarrar\". Then, there were ghazals from the album called \"Rubaiyat\" that had composition of Omar Khayyam. I also recorded ghazals penned by Mir Taqi Mir that are so beautiful. Ghazal is a rare genre which has an amazing mix of poetry and songs of compositional value. It is in shocking contrast to the dhinchak music that is churned out regularly these days. But what's good is that the number of ghazal concerts that I have now is more than what it was in 2000.So, is ghazal is seeing a slow revival?Over the years, there has been so much of emphasis on film music that people are slowly getting bored with it. Look at film awards. They are going out of fashion. The same people get the awards. The same jokes are cracked by the hosts, the same dance numbers are performed. We've reached a breaking point.What about use of ghazals in movies?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "11985199", "title": "Con couple nabbed while selling fake gold", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: A con couple was arrested by Ramnagar police while trying to sell 2kg fake gold for Rs10 lakh to a vegetable trader. Accused Ratan Ghosh and his wife Dalibai hails from Hubli, Kolkata and were presently residing at Lakhmapur locality here.SDPO Vaibhav Kalubarme, who supervised the arrest of the couple, informed that they had approached vegetable trader Balaji Chavan claiming that they have discovered a lot of gold and are ready to sell 2kg of gold at Rs10 lakh. They showed a gold coin to Chavan and even gave a bead of gold to verify its authenticity. Chavan, however, got suspicious and informed Ramnagar police. Accordingly, Ghosh couple was summoned for a deal on Datala road on Monday.Lurking team of Ramnagar police - led by PSO MD Sharnagat - nabbed the couple with the gold ornaments - they had brought to sell to Chavan. On verification, it turned out to be fake gold and they were trying to trick the trader. An offence has been registered against the couple.Earlier on last Friday, a similar incident was reported under city police station here. One Ayasha Sayyad residing near Jubilee high school here was tricked of Rs 2.5 lakh by unidentified tricksters, who sold fake gold to her in a similar fashion.She was shocked after verifying the gold and filed a complaint with the police. Police suspects that Ghosh duo could be connected to the cons who tricked Sayyad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11984156", "title": "Mumbai cabbies want Rs 4 hike as CNG gets costlier", "text": "MUMBAI: After autorickshaw drivers, cabbies are now demanding a fare hike after an increase in compressed natural gas (CNG) prices last week.Taxi union leader A L Quadros on Tuesday led a delegation to the Mumbai Metropolitan Region Transport Autho- rity (MMRTA) secretary and submitted a memorandum demanding a Rs4 fare hike. \"We have demanded a revised minimum fare of Rs20 (present basic fare is Rs16), and a Rs2 hike on every additional kilometre,\" he said. If the proposal is accepted by MMRTA, citizens will have to pay Rs20 on the first 1.6km and Rs12 for every additional kilometre.Citizen groups and social activists have decided to oppose the hike. A Mumbai Grahak Panchayat activist said, \"If there is a hike, it has to be computed as per the government-approved formula. It is nothing but pressure tactics by the taxi union to demand a tariff increase.\" Andheri commuter Sukhmandir Lamba said, \"I am sure every citizen will oppose a Rs4 hike. It is uncalled for and will put a burden on the common man.\" Also, if there is a fare hike for black-and-yellow taxis, Cool Cabs and fleet taxis will also hike their rates by Rs2 to Rs4.Auto unions are demanding a minimum Re1 hike from the government and have submitted a petition to the transport department.RTO sources said MMRTA will discuss petitions from auto and taxi unions at a meeting this weekend. \"If there is a hike, it will be a collective decision by all senior MMRTA members,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11985022", "title": "'Licence to kill' but not to drive", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A day after the death of four-year old Gehana in a hit-and-run case near her house in Sector 38, police have arrested 29-year-old Australia returned Sandeep Singh of Sector 70 in Mohali. This time, too, Chandigarh police have lost the opportunity to timely get the medical examination conducted to ascertain if the accused was under influence of any intoxicants. However, cops maintain that Singh was high on drugs at the time of incident on Monday. He doesn't even have a valid driving licence. The black SUV, which was registered on the name of Paramjit Kaur, mother of accused, was also impounded.Though blood and urine samples of the accused were collected at GMH-16 for chemical examination to be conducted at CFSL-36, chances are bleak to establish any traces of intoxicants due to delay in the medical examination. The cops lost one day in tracing the number as registration and licencing authority (RLA), Mohali, was closed on Monday.Harman Sidhu, a road safety expert, said, \"Detection of any kind of intoxicant in the samples after 24 hours depends on quantity of drugs and alcohol consumed by the accused and also on his consumption capacity.\" He added that ideally in such cases cops should arrest the accused immediately after the accident if they want positive result.Sandeep Singh had returned from Australia a few months ago and his mother, Paramjit Kaur stays in England with her elder son.SHO of Sector-39 police station Charanjit Singh, said, \"Two more statements were received against Sandeep and one of the eyewitnesses, Mukesh, said he too had narrow escape. However, Sandeep apologized claiming he was in inebriated condition.\"Police sources said residential address of accused was traced through RLA of Mohali, but Paramjit Kaur, owner of the SUV, had sold the house to somebody in September 2011. Accused Singh was residing in a rented accommodation along with his wife and a child in Sector 70.The girl was returning after buying a chocolate from the mini market located near her house when the SUV hit her and Sandeep escaped from the spot. The girl was taken to PGI, but doctors declared her brought dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11984033", "title": "DMK minister harassing 2G witnesses, Swamy writes to PM", "text": "NEW DELHI: Janata Party president Subramanian Swamy , one of the petitioners in the 2G scam , has accused the income tax and the customs and central excise departments of harassing witnesses in the 2G scam.In a letter to the prime minister on Monday, Swamy said S S Palanimanickam, minister of state for finance who belongs to DMK, was using various departments such as the income tax and the customs and central excise to harass witnesses.\"I am getting reports that on the directions given by Shri S S Palanimanickam, the officers of these wings of the department are harassing witnesses of the 2G spectrum case. Incidents have come to my knowledge that officers have gone to the residences and work places of relatives of the witnesses with a message that these relatives should give statements against the witnesses to the effect that the witnesses hold income excess to their known sources of income,\" Swamy wrote to the prime minister.\"The officers of customs &amp; central excise department have also been misused by Shri S S Palanimanickam to threaten the relatives of witnesses who are doing businesses in various places,\" Swamy wrote. The Janata Party president was one of the petitioners in the Supreme Court on the 2G case, which issued a series of landmark orders in the spectrum allocation case.\"These acts of Shri S S Palanimanickam appear to be to help Ms Kanimozhi Karunanidhi, daughter of the DMK president. By pressurizing the witnesses, the aim is to derail the process of fair trial in the 2G spectrum case,\" Swamy told the PM in the letter.Under these circumstances, Swamy suggested that \"Palanimanickam is unfit to be in your council of ministers so that free and fair trial may be ensured in the 2G spectrum case\". In the alternate, Swamy suggested that \"at least he should be shifted from the ministry of finance to any other portfolio where he cannot misuse the official machinery for intimidating the witnesses in the 2G spectrum case\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "11985216", "title": "Tuli's construction work stalled near TATR", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Forest department has started investigation into the construction started by hotelier Prince Tuli near Moharli village close to core area of Tadoba Andhari Tiger Reserve. Notice has been served to Tuli, through his caretaker of the land in Moharli, asking him to present the documents related to necessary permission for construction in buffer area.The issue had come to fore after conservationists crying foul over the construction lodged complaint with TATR authorities last week. Complainant Green Planet Society had demanded not to allow any resort close to core area as it could threaten the wildlife and environment.A visit to the place revealed that the land in question is indeed adjacent to compartment no.150 and 151 of TATR. Vast patch of this land gets water lodged in rainy season with the spill over water of Moharli pond. Dense grass on the land was cut and burned recently. Scats of tiger, spotted deer, sambar, neelgai and wild boar were found in the area, suggesting that these animals keep moving from the particular patch of land.Sarpanch of Moharli Vilas Shende confirmed that Nagpur businessman Tuli had purchased over 17 acres of agricultural land from group of farmers adjacent to TATR boundary. \"Tuli has indeed purchased land from handful of farmers of the village. But he has sought no permission from gram panchayat for construction. Panchayat would issue notice and seek explanation in this regard,\" he said.RFO, Moharli range (territorial), DS Rautkar informed that they have started inquiry into the matter. \"Already a notice has been forwarded to Tuli asking him to present necessary documents related to permission of construction before CCF of tiger reserve. As per our information owner has not acquired any permission for non-agriculture use of the land. Records of land purchased by Tuli are being sought from gram panchayat and other revenue authorities,\" he said. He however maintained that construction in the particular land has been stalled since intervention of forest authorities.Partial construction carried out on the land owned by Prince Tuli near in buffer area of TATR", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11986094", "title": "Police constable arrested", "text": "CHENNAI: A constable was arrested on Tuesday for creating trouble at a fast food outlet in Kodungaiyur. He was later let off on his own bail.Patrolling police teams nabbed the constable, E Deepan, attached to the Tamil Nadu Special Police (TSP) in Avadi after receiving an alert from the city police control room on Monday night.The Kodungaiyur police registered a case under Section 75 of the Nuisance Act and arrested him. Deepan lives at the Korukkupet police quarters and his father Ezhumalai is a sub-inspector attached to the Royapuram police station. Further investigation is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11984440", "title": "4 burglaries in 1 day, over Rs 6 lakh stolen", "text": "NASHIK: Four major burglaries were reported in different police stations of the city on Monday. A burglary worth Rs 1.62 lakh took place in the Makhmalabad area. Mukesh Jadhav of Coin apartments in Panchavati said unidentified thieves entered his house between 12.30 pm to 2 pm and stole cash and jewellery.A similar burglary took place in the Gangapur Road area. Unidentified persons broke open the lock of a flat belonging to Mandar Abhyankar in Nirmal apartment, ST colony, between 4.30 pm of Saturday and 12.30 pm of Monday and stole valuables amounting to Rs 1.35 lakh.A burglary of Rs 81,400 was also reported in the Ambad police station. Another burglary where cash and jewellery worth Rs 2.49 lakh was reported at the Upnagar police station.Police officials say burglars from outside Nashik enter the city on a particular day and execute conduct as many burglaries as possible and then leave the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11984147", "title": "Sushma terms Maya 'stone-hearted' later retracts her statement", "text": "LUCKNOW: Leader of the Opposition in Lok Sabha Sushma Swaraj on Tuesday described Uttar Pradesh chief minister Mayawati as \"stone-hearted\" but later made a U-turn saying she never described her so. \"Mayawati is a stone-hearted woman. She has proved it by spending people's money on parks and memorials of stones in the state,\" Swaraj told an election meeting in Kalpi.Later, Swaraj on Twitter, said, \"I never described Mayawatiji as 'stone-hearted' and reports quoting her as having said so were \"false\". She alleged the BSP supremo had tried to divide the society in the name of caste and creed for political gains. Swaraj described Manmohan Singh as the \"weakest\" Prime Minister and said big scams relating to 2G spectrum, Commonwealth Games and Adarsh Housing Society surfaced during his rule.About Samajwadi Party, she charged that during its rule in UP hooligans had ruled the roost and officers were not able to take action against them. Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11984199", "title": "HSC examination begins on smooth note in all divisions", "text": "PUNE: The English (first language) paper on day one of the higher secondary certificate (HSC, std XII) exam went off smoothly across all nine divisions in the state.Strict security arrangements have been made for the exam conducted by the Maharashtra State Board of Secondary and Higher Secondary Education.Barring instances like students losing their exam hall tickets at the last moment, the exam was conducted without incident. An official at the state board's helpline, which has been set up specifically to guide students and address their exam-related grievances, told TOI, \"We received a few calls during the day. Most were queries related to the time table, seat numbers and loss of hall ticket. We addressed them promptly. Those who lost their hall tickets were allowed to sit for the exam. Their parents were asked to come to the board office and they were given duplicate hall tickets.\"As a policy, the board accords top priority to allowing students in such a predicament to write their papers.Over 13 lakh students from across the state are appearing for the exam which included 2.13 lakh students from Pune division comprising Pune, Solapur and Ahmednagar districts.Sarjerao Jadhav, the board chairman, said, \"A minor incident of students who had not filled their forms was reported from Amravati on the eve of the examination. However, the divisional board allowed them to get the forms filled by accepting a late fee. They were allowed to sit for the exam on Tuesday. There was no untoward incident reported from any of the divisions.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11985311", "title": "City\u2019s Bakshi Ka Talab tops 4th phase polling", "text": "LUCKNOW: The revised figures of polling in fourth phase released by the Election Commission (EC) show that the actual voting percentage was 58.38%. This is higher than 57.20% estimated on February 19, the day polling was held. With this, the average polling in first four phases has come out to be 57.96%, which is higher than the highest ever (57.13%) recorded in the state in 1993 after Independence. If the trend continues in the remaining three phases, 2012 poll would be historic in terms of voter turnout.The figures also revealed that out of 56 assembly constituencies in 11 districts, where polling was held on February 19, Bakshi Ka Talab in Lucknow had the highest turnout at 67.03% while the lowest 47.12% was in Lucknow West.The second highest turnout was in Malihabad constituency followed by 65% in Shahabad in Hardoi. Earlier, the EC had announced that Shahabad had recorded the highest turnout and Kunda in Pratapgarh the lowest. Revised data also shows that Hardoi recorded 61.29% voting among 11 districts followd by 61.15% in Rae Bareli, 60.33% in Fatehpur and 60.28% in Chitrakoot. While 59.20% of the total male voters exercised their franchise in the fourth phase, female voters turnout was 57.72%.The polling in first phase was 60.10%, second phase 55.60% and third phase 57.22%. The highest polling in first four phases taken together has been in Mahmoodabad assembly constituency -- 71.32%, followed by 70.57% in Hargaon.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012  Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11983315", "title": "Borivli suicide: Realty row prompted sister to end life, alleges victim's brother", "text": "MUMBAI: Borivli-based realtor Navalkishore Agarwal arrested on abetment charges in connection with the suicide of his wife, Nandita, was remanded in judicial custody by a metropolitan court on Tuesday.The statement of Nandita's brother, Soumitro Chatterjee, has been recorded for the second time by the police.Soumitro has alleged that his sister could have been bumped off over a property row. Soumitro, who has come down from Kolkata, is the complainant in the case.Nandita had jumped to her death from the 12th floor of Samarpan buiklding with her three-year-old son, Vinayak, on February 15.\"Nandita was a partner in the real estate firm run by her husband along with two to three other persons. Property worth lakhs was invested in her name. My sister could not have ended her life on her own accord and it's likely that the culprits wanted to grab her property,\" Soumitro told the police. \"Navalkishore's parents should be questioned as they used to taunt Nandita. Her help, Pawan Mandal should also be interrogated again. Nandita's flat was in a mess after her deathit's likely that she had a scuffle with someone,\" he addedHours before her death, Nandita and Vinayak were supposed to catch a flight to Kolkata, but abruptly returned to the apartment. Investigators said they have obtained a letter submitted by Nandita to the airline for her stating that she was unable to fly despite checking in. The letter stated that Vinayak was crying constantly and she would not be able to take him on the flight. \"Our probe has revealed that Soumitro was the last person that Nandita spoke to on phone. We are still scrutinizing her cellphone records,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11984808", "title": "IIM-A faculty to be director at Mica", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Faculty at the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad (IIM-A) Prof Nagesh Rao is all set to don a new hat. He will take on the role of director at Mudra Institute of Communication Ahmedabad (Mica). Rao will take over the post from March 31 for a three-year term, but he is already busy sketching plans to widen the global exposure of the institute's students.After former director Ashok Ranchhod resigned in May 2011, Prof Arbind Sinha had been officiating as the director.\"I think the profile is best suited for me as my background and area of expertise is aligned with Mica. I have done PhD in communication from Michigan State University in USA,\" said Rao, who has taught in several universities in the US for more than 20 years. He taught the University of New Mexico before coming to India to join IIM-A two years back.Talking about his excitement for the new responsibility and his plans for the institute, Rao said: \"MICA is already very strong as a communication management Institute. My focus will be on the international part of it. My plan is to work towards more international exposure for the students and faculties such as student and faculty exchange and inviting international faculties. This will help the students gain a better understanding about the latest happenings in the global arena.\"Many faculties of IIM-A take sabbatical leaves from the institute to handle various important posts. Director of IIM-Bangalore Pankaj Chandra and director of IIM-Indore N Ravichandran are on sabbatical leave. However, Rao might not be able to enjoy the privilege of sabbatical leave. This is because at IIM-A, a faculty is required to work with the institute for at least three consecutive years before being eligible to apply for sabbatical leave. Rao has completed only two years at the institute.He also said that along with raising the level of awareness of global trends, MICA, under his leadership will enhance the capabilities of its students to prepare them to work at the global level. \"Many Indian companies are expanding globally. These companies need good communication managers in the international locations,\" said Rao, talking about new horizons that are opening for the institute's students. In this regard, MICA will be looking towards training its students in cross-cultural communication and global leadership.Taking about the general issues in the area of education in the country, Rao said that there is a lack of focus in the area of research at educational institutes. \"There is a strong need to build research programmes. If you look at the top universities in the world, all of them have strong focus on research,\" said Rao. He said that MICA already hasa research programme and he would like to focus on bolstering the programme and finding ways of progressing through it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11983694", "title": "Govt says no move to curb powers of Election Commission", "text": "NEW DELHI: A political storm broke out on Tuesday over reports that the Centre is considering a proposal to give statutory status to the electoral model code of conduct and remove it from the purview of the Election Commission with the opposition accusing the government of trying to undermine the poll panel's authority.Faced with the charge that it is keen to reduce EC to a \"toothless body\" after several Congress leaders were pulled up by the poll watchdog, the government sought to put a lid on the controversy saying it was not considering any such proposal but admitted that \"in course of discussions, incidental references were made to the code of conduct\".However, a note for the meeting of the group of ministers on corruption scheduled for Wednesday says, \"It was also suggested that the legislative department may also look into the aspect where executive instructions of the EC will be required to be given statutory shape.\" The reference seems fairly direct.Interestingly, the note indicates that law minister Salman Khurshid - who recently apologized to the EC over his advocacy of minority quotas - sought a review of the code. \"The chairman (finance minister Pranab Mukherjee) was also of the view that code of conduct was one of the biggest excuses to stall development projects and thus agreed with the request of the law minister to flag this issue and its inclusion in the agenda paper,\" the note says.Senior ministers denied that the government was mulling changes over who will administer the code of conduct although Khurshid said giving legal status to it could be discussed if political parties wanted a debate. The minister might have been calculating that most political parties have been red flagged by the EC and might want the code's operation to be reviewed.It is also intriguing that the proposal on the code of conduct was to be discussed by the GoM on corruption with the note stating that the secretary of the legislative department has been requested to make a presentation on the progress made in the matter regarding giving legislative backing to the code. The department of personnel and training, however, argued that \"state funding of elections\" was a key mandate given to the GoM and the code was related.Opposition parties were quick to latch onto the proposal, saying that once a violation of the code became a matter to be settled by the courts, hauling up offenders would take years.The EC did not officially react to reports, but sources said the code was the main instrument by which the panel enforced free and fair polls. \"If the power to implement the code is taken away, then the EC's hands will be tied,\" an official said. It ensures that correctives are applied while an election is still in progress.The code is a voluntary compact political parties agree to adhere to and has the backing of the Supreme Court. The EC is a quasi-judicial body that issues notices to those who flout the code, hears them, looks at evidence and takes a decision. It can reprimand and censure offenders.The code prevents governments and ministers from making policy and financial announcements and misuse of official machinery for electioneering. Some in the government feel there is a case for shortening the duration of the policy freeze that comes into effect when elections are announced.A number of ministers on the GoM on corruption -- Pranab Mukherjee, Kapil Sibal, Salman Khurshid and M Veerappa Moily -- denied there was any proposal to rein in EC by giving statutory backing to the code.\"The contents of the report are totally misconceived as there is no such move under contemplation of the government or the GoM,\" the ministry of personnel and training said in an official statement. \"The GoM has not made any recommendation to make the MCC statutory or to take it outside the purview of the commission,\" it added.Mukherjee said, \"There is no such thing. I don't know from where this idea has come. But in the GoM agenda, there is nothing.\"Khurshid said the issue of giving statutory shape to executive instructions issued by the EC was not on the draft agenda. \"But if it is raised by any political party during the course of discussion, we will take it as and when it happens,\" he said.The government said, \"The GoM, in its last meeting held on September 30, 2011 considered a presentation made by the secretary, legislative department on the viability of various alternatives on the question of state funding of elections. In the course of discussions, incidental references were made to the issue of code of conduct.\"It added, \"The subject has, accordingly, been receiving the attention of the GoM at its deliberations from time to time and the legislative department of law ministry has been updating the GoM on the several initiatives taken by that ministry and by the Election Commission on issue of state funding of elections along with other electoral reforms.\"Assembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11985642", "title": "A foothold? forget it", "text": "The pedestrian is an endangered species in the capital. The government swears by public transport and yet forgets the users the moment they step out, putting their lives at great riskWe have all experienced that sinking feeling. Walked down a street and suddenly a car screeches to a halt, the front bumper nearly crushing our legs - a few seconds of panic before we hop out of the way in face of insistent honking. You don't just walk-it in Delhi. As a pedestrian , you step out knowing that odds are stacked against you. The street design guidelines formulated by Unified Traffic and Transportation Infrastructure (Planning and Engineering) Centre in November 2010 acknowledges this.It says that while pedestrian population in Delhi is far more than drivers, streets are designed to facilitate movement of those pressing on the gas. Monday's accident was the handiwork of a driver and the tragedy is part of a system handing out a rough deal to pedestrians.Nishikant Singh, an advertising executive , takes the Metro from Green Park to IFFCO Chowk everyday. The walk home from the station is a crawl as he spends hours trying to cross Aurobindo Marg. \"People jump the red light. And it takes long for the traffic to clear,\" he says. It's a busy crossing, but like many such spots in town, there's no subway or footover-bridge . Still, he finds it safer to walk than to wait on the main road for an auto.Traffic Police has a list of guidelines for pedestrians. Jaywalkers are fined Rs 50. But regular walkers have rules of their own. \"Never cross the road near a flyover. I've seen people do that on the South Extension-side of the AIIMS flyover with cars zipping away. It's dangerous ,\" says Neha Mathur, a student.Sidewalks are often taken over by squatters or those selling their wares. Near markets, footpaths are treated as extra space for a rack of chips or generators . Yet, interiors of Kotla-Mubarakpur and Bhogal - where sidewalks disappear under kitchen sinks and stacks of floor tiles - are probably safer for pedestrians because traffic crawls here. Wide roads with room for cars and complete with pavements are often more dangerous. Speeding cars can climb onto footpaths and two-wheelers take over them during a jam. Samir N, a media professional from Malviya Nagar, says: \"Bikes are driven on pavements and at such speed that we have to get off and walk on the road.\"Not that less busy routes are more pedestrian-friendly . Mathur chose to walk through Golf Links to get from CGO Complex on Lodhi Road to Khan Market, thinking it would be a quiet, pleasant walk. She found herself being off-loaded onto the road and dodging cars every 20 metres. \"There are some stretches where footpaths are free. Then, suddenly, there'd be cycles parked. I couldn't continue walking on the pavement. But I couldn't walk along it either as cars are parked there. I had to walk around the vehicles and then get back on the pavement. It was annoying ,\" says Mathur.Watch OutDon't walk with your back to traffic. Walk on the right edge of the road so that you can see what is coming at you. Look before stepping on the road Use footpaths &amp; cross-roads at pedestrian crossings. Jaywalking is dangerous and fetches a fine Even on footpaths, stay alert as cyclists and bikers use these as thoroughfares Be careful at turns as you can't always see the oncoming traffic Foot-overbridges and subways exist for a reason. Use them If you have company and there are no pavements, walk in a single file Walk against direction of traffic Don't allow anything to distract you - hoardings, newspapers, phone chats and mp3 players Do not run after buses or autos Do not wait for buses on main road Be careful while boarding and deboarding a bus. Ensure it is not in motion and then check for vehicles coming from behind Don't jump over barriers; cross over where there are gaps Take morning walks within colony Do not cross a road near a flyover as vehicles are at a high speed while descending.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11984535", "title": "'If you love democracy, don't hate politicians'", "text": "GURGAON: If you love democracy, do not hate politicians. This is the message from Chief Election Commissioner S.Y. Quraishi. Addressing a gathering after inaugurating a philatelic exhibition on Tuesday, Quraishi said that many express strong opinions against political leaders but do not vote during elections.A large number of voters in cities don't vote \"which is unfortunate\", he said. \"These people keep sitting in their homes cursing the politicians. Do they have a right to do so?\" he asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "agra", "code": "11985789", "title": "Parties should not challenge EC: Rajnath", "text": "AGRA: Former BJP national president Rajnath Singh on Tuesday asked parties, including the Congress and the BSP, to refrain from taking on the Election Commission and respect its sanctity.\"It's is surprising that the ruling parties are criticising the EC in public, which is not a good trend and it will not send a good message to public,\" he told reporters here. Singh said the EC has done a great job in holding peaceful elections and added that politicians should rise above personal interests and encourage the officials involved in the poll process.\"I welcome the measures taken by the EC and feel that the increase in turnout has largely happened due to Ec's hard work,\" He said. Singh was reacting to chief minister Mayawati's rhetoric against the EC and Congress leaders remarks against the EC and the district officials after a case was registered against Rahul Gandhi for violating the model code of conduct in Kanpur. He commended the EC for sending slips to the voters. This step, Singh said, has sensitised people about their electoral responsibility. The BJP leader said his party too had reservations about a few steps taken by the EC but it has not shown any disrespect to the institution and lodged complaints within constitutional limits.\"A controversy had cropped up in 2009 and we protested but the entire issue was sorted out amicably,\" he added. Singh said even if the election officials commit a mistake, parties should understand their constraints and help them do their work judiciously.  Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11984971", "title": "Six more Arya orphanage kids undergo test", "text": "NEW DELHI: The medical examination of six more kids of the Arya orphanage, was conducted by Delhi Police on Tuesday. Police also recorded their statements to investigate further into the allegations against orphanage staff. \"Everything will be confirmed after we receive the medical reports,\" said a senior cop.However, government sources claimed that medical examination of 20 other kids was also conducted.Meanwhile, the government appointed administer for Arya orphanage, P P Dhall, has been provided with the assistance of officers/officials to discharge his official duties in a smoother manner. \"On his request, Ministof Social Welfare, Women and Child Development, Kiran Walia has decided to provide him the services of emminent social activists Mamta Shahai (ex chairperson, CWC) as advisor, Suchi Sehgal (dy director, WCD) and 15 welfare officers of social welfare department for overseeing the welfare aspects of children. The Department of Social Welfare, in an order on Tuesday, has deployed the above officials for additional support,\" stated an official Delhi government press release.The president of managing committee of Arya Orphanage, Viresh Pratap Chaudhry, issued a press statement, \"The Institutions are accused of avoiding the registrations under the Juvenile Justice Act 2000. The institutions have been governed by 'Women and Children's Institutions Act 1956, which were renewed every year.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11984798", "title": "Mob ransacks Calcutta Tram Company's depot, wrecks 59 buses", "text": "KOLKATA: A fatal accident triggered a mob rampage at Calcutta Tram Company's Rajabazar depot on Monday night that left 59 vehicles wrecked. The mob vandalized the store room, petrol pump and depot office and damaged documents, computers, motorbikes and breakdown vans. The CTC management says the damage is no less than Rs 10 lakh and that is not counting the revenue loss due to the damaged buses which will be off the roads for several days.Transport minister Madan Mitra visited the depot on Tuesday morning but did not comment on the CTC employees' allegation of police inaction.Trouble broke out around 9.20pm when a middle-aged man standing in front of the depot's gate was mowed down by a CTC bus entering at high speed. Minutes later, hundreds of locals stormed the depot. Some of them went after the bus driver, while the others went about ransacking the depot. The terrified employees managed to escape.The mangled body lay on the street as the vandals went berserk inside the depot. No one bothered to take him to hospital. Twenty minutes into the ruckus, the Narkeldanga OC arrived with his force. The police station is barely 2km away. He tried to disperse the crowd to remove the victim but the mob moved to the main road and set up a blockade.The outnumbered cops asked for reinforcements which reached around 10.20pm. The mob was dispersed in the presence of two divisional deputy commissioners from north and eastern suburban divisions. The victim was later identified as Mohammad Akil, 40, of neighbouring Patowar Bagan Lane.On Tuesday morning, CTC employees alleged that police stood by and did nothing to stop the mob. The police, however, say that they dispersed the mob in front of the depot but no one had informed them of the vandalism going on inside. CTC managing director Nilanjan Sandilya did not directly accuse police of inaction. \"An inquiry is on. The initial report suggests that the mob damaged property worth more than Rs 10 lakh,\" said Sandilya.Mitra visited the victim's residence and assured his family a compensation of Rs 50,000 from the Trinamool Congress fund. He also promised a job for the victim's kin in CTC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11986187", "title": "Another political party coming soon", "text": "MYSORE: Another political party is going to hit stage in the next elections. A local entrepreneur has registered his outfit 'Kannada Makkala Paksha' (KMP) with the Central Election Commission and started the enrollment process. Its founders claim that the party has the tacit support of big industrialists including Ashok Kheni, NICE chief.Already, followers of self-styled leader of KMP Nagedra Prasad have fanned into various parts of Mysore and Chamarajnagar district and enrolling members for the newly-formed party. Party workers in some villages are involved in enrolling members by enticing people by claiming that even B S Yeddyurappa would join their party after quitting the BJP, which is imminent in the near future.When contacted, Nagendra Prasad confirmed Kheni's support to his outfit and said details of the industrialist's support to his party would be made public after March 12.\"We will make a public announcement in this regard after March 12,\" he said, refusing to reveal why they fixed March 12 as the deadline to not disclose the names of people joining this party. \"At this juncture I can say that a couple of big industrialists are expected to announce their affiliation to our party,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "varkala", "code": "11985360", "title": "Why Sunitha alias Aleena ran away from Varkala?", "text": "VARKALA: An emotional tug of war with her parents may have forced Sunitha Subair alias Aleena Hussain to leave her Varkala home for Mumbai. Their eyes were deep pools of worry, when Subair and Salma, Sunitha's parents, confessed that their daughter had made repeated attempts to become a nun.They shared this unknown episode in their domestic drama when TOI met them at their house in Ellakaman Kochuvarripally near Varkala on Tuesday, a day before the High Court decides on a habeas corpus plea filed by them.They were sure of being alienated from their community if Sunitha joined a convent. \"We will be ostracized. She is in a depressed state of mind. How can we allow her to tread a path which no one from our family has dared to take,\" they asked.\"We don't know what happened to our daughter. We have liberal religious thoughts. We never imposed anything on her. But we never expected that she would develop such an attitude,\" they said.Sunitha, 27, has completed her BA in English literature from a parallel college in Varkala. \"She was an average student in the school. She used to read a lot. After her graduation, she made an attempt to join a monastery in Kottayam but we dissuaded her at that time,\" Salma said.It was on February 3 that Sunitha went missing from a private hospital at Varkala where she was admitted with high fever. After TOI revealed her story, Kerala police brought her back from Mumbai and admitted her to a hospital in Kozhikode.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11984626", "title": "'Srijan' held with pomp and show", "text": "VARANASI: 'Srijan', the one-day annual cultural fest of Law School, Banaras Hindu University (BHU) began on a high note at Swatantrata Bhawan on Tuesday.According to member of organising committee and member of Student Council Anoop Singh, the cultural fest of the faculty would act as a screening for the five-day inter faculty festival 'Spandan 2012', the upcoming cultural extravanza of the BHU.Colourful events including solo song, group song, solo dances, group dances, classical and folk dances, folk singing, classical singing, instrumental music with original composition, and dramatics events including street play and stage play were organised on the occasion.A number of musical programmes comprising of Indian, Western, Classical and Rock Jiggs were also held during the annual festival. Head and dean Prof D P Verma, student advisors Raju Majhi, Varsha srivastava, Udai Veer Singh along with students and faculty members of Law School were present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "baripada", "code": "11986219", "title": "School of herpetology to come up at North Orissa University", "text": "BARIPADA: Governor M C Bhandare will inaugurate a school of herpetology at the North Orissa University (NOU) on Friday. The school will be sponsored by the science and engineering research board (SERB) of the central government's department of science and technology (DST).Herpetology is a branch of science which deals with amphibians (Frogs, toads, salamanders and caecilians) and reptiles (lizards, snakes, crocodiles, turtles and tortoises). Prof. Sushil Kumar Dutta, a herpetologist and head of the department of zoology, NOU, will be the director of the school. He is also a member of the programme advisory committee (animal sciences) of the DST.Dutta said the major objective of the school is to organize a 15-day teaching and training programme for selected researchers from India and the SAARC countries.Sources said the SERB already has four other such schools in the country. Every year 25 to 30 students (including five from SAARC countries) are selected by a planning committee constituted by the DST for the purpose. Eminent researchers, teachers, scientists from various Indian universities and from abroad are invited to teach in the school.Through the herpetology school programme, about 100 researchers have been trained in the last four years and about 20 of them have joined teaching and research programmes in Indian universities and colleges. Besides, about 30 trained researchers have got permanent research positions at various institutions and NGOs, while five researchers are conducting independent research through funding from the DST as first tract research projects. Some students have gone abroad for higher studies and about 30 are pursuing their PhD in various Indian universities.The school at BOU will comprise 25 herpetological researchers from 15 states, and five from Nepal, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Bhutan and Sri Lanka. In addition, two invited participants from USA and Portugal will also be there.This year there will be two foreign faculties. One from the Natural History Museum , Paris, another from Australia (Currently at the National Centre for Biological Science, Banglore). About 25 Indian faculties have been invited to teach at the 15-day programme. Some of them are from Wildlife Insitute of India( WII ), Dehradun; Salim Ali Centre for Ornithology &amp; Natural History(SACON), Coimnatore; Bombay Natural History Society (BNHS), Mumbai; National Centre for Biological Sciences, Bangalore; Centre for Cellular &amp; Molecular Biology (CCMB), Hyderabad; Indian Institute of Sciences (IISc), Bangalore; Banaras Hindu University(BHU), Varanasi; Delhi University(DU); North Eastern Hill University (NEHU), Shillong; MDS University, Rajasthan; University of Pune, Maharastra; Utkal University and three faculties from North Odissa University, sources further said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11984194", "title": "Candidate-specific approach may change poll landscape", "text": "LUCKNOW: Shedding the old parochial mindset, which is dominated by caste, creed and language, the young voters in the state have come out in large numbers and have made their presence felt in the ongoing elections. And if, political experts are to be believed, then the breach in the polling percentage beyond the 55% mark in the first four phases of UP polls is largely attributed to the rising levels of enthusiasm and awareness among the young and educated voters.The high percentage of polling in the 226 assembly constituencies of the state, which went to polls in the first four phases, has disturbed the calculation of candidates and political parties alike. And experts believe that the percentage of polling would be high in the 13 districts of the state that go to poll on February 23.Citing Ambedkarnagar district as an example, experts says that even veteran politicians like Lalji Verma, who contested from Katehari in Ambedkarnagar in the first phase could not even confidently claim about his victory in the polls. The district, which went into election in the first phase on February 8, is known as the bastion of chief minister and BSP supremo Mayawati. In 2007, five MLAs elected from here were from the BSP. The district is all set to see a photo finish at several constituencies.A close confidant of Ram Achal Rajbhar said, \"Though the BSP has its own vote-base, the fact that the voters were looking more inclined towards candidates along with a bit of caste equation has left us confused. Who knows who will have the last laugh.\" No party or politician this time has been able to read the mind of voters and neither has anyone been able to spot any undercurrent for any party leaving the claims of parties that increased voting was in their favour, a mere rhetoric.Exuding confidence that higher voting percentage in the first four phases will definitely have a positive impact in Kanpur and adjoining districts, Munmun Sengupta, a young voter said, \"After going through the 2007 UP polls and the low voter turnout, I was not expecting a higher turnout in these elections. However, as the polling progressed in various constituencies, and the higher voter turnout was reported, I was feeling relieved and confident that even one vote could make a difference.\"Analysis of voting pattern in other districts gives a more clear insight and highlights voters' inclination towards candidates instead of parties. In Maharajganj's Nautanwa assembly constituency, poetess Madhumita Shukla murder case convict Amarmani Tripathi's son Amanmani is facing a tough challenge from his rival Congress candidate Munna Singh. This is despite the fact that SP state president Akhilesh Yadav campaigned for party's candidates hereHowever, the voting pattern when the constituency went to polling on February 13 has left the politicians and pundits confused alike. If voters' mood is any indication, the results are all set to be surprising. Veteran journalist J N Tiwari of the constituency says the fight here is purely between two candidates.A government official posted in Kanpur on the condition of anonymity said, \"The quantum leap in the polling percentage in the first four phases has certainly boosted our confidence. A higher polling percentage will definitely put pressure on the political parties, who were till now taking the voters for a ride. The feeling that even one vote could make or break, has instilled a fear among the politicians and all are trying to woo the voters, to escape from their anger.\"The list of such close fights continues to increase. Situation was no different in Kushinagar where voters weighed Swami Prasad Maurya as an individual rather than a BSP candidate. \"And why not, when his functioning was before us to see,\" says Dhananjay Kumar of Kushinagar. The voting pattern was very much similar in Lucknow. Voting at Bakshi ka Talaab largely corroborates the candidate-based voting. It is only because of this that urban development minister Nakul Dubey is facing a tough challenge from Samajwadi Party's Gomti Yadav. \"Resentment against Dubey as an individual was very much evident in several pockets,\" says Ram Pal of Juggaur village.The close contest between Congress' Rita Bahuguna Joshi and BJP's Suresh Tiwari is more about Tiwari's personal performance and his man-to-man contact in the last three terms as an MLA rather than the BJP's clout. It had to be a candidate-wise voting, says S P Tiwari of Neelmatha, and adds that nowhere was any sort of undercurrent in favour of any party seen.Attributing the rising trend of voting to Anna Hazare's anti-graft campaign, Sushant Kumar, a first time voter said, \"We must thank Anna for making us aware about the power of vote.\" Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012  Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11984475", "title": "'Illegal' guest house raises residents' ire", "text": "GURGAON: The South City 1 RWA is up in arms against a guest house in Q block where dozens of boys and girls have been living for the past several months.Residents claim that the guest house has been operating illegally and they have written to the local police and town and country planning officials, reporting the matter.\"The residents are very unhappy. The boys and girls party frequently and they make a lot of noise at night. This has disturbed the peace of the entire locality,\" said Shreepal Joon, president, South City 1 RWA. Manit Gupta, another resident, aired similar views. \"You will always see hordes of boys and girls in the streets, near the guest house, and there is always noise. The entire ambience of a residential area has been spoiled,\" Gupta said,.Some residents also said that the guest house is also becoming a source of security concern as 'dubious' people can be seen visiting the place at night. \"There have been instances when residents have seen visitors coming to the guest house late at night in an inebriated state,\" said one of the residents.According to the district administration, guest houses are not permitted to operate out of residential houses and colonies.A senior town and country planning department official said, \"No guest house is permitted to operate out of residential houses and the department will issue notice to the owner of the house. The RWA has submitted the necessary details along with the complaint.\" The resident claimed that the guest house has been running for the past six months. They had written to the local police but nothing came out of it. \"The cops said that the guest houses cannot be sealed because it is not in their jurisdiction,\" said Joon.When TOI contacted the guest house owner, who identified himself as Subhash, he said: \"If this guest house is illegal, then the city administration must take action against hundreds of guest houses running in other colonies too.\"When asked about the inmates of the guest house, Subhash said, \"Most of these people are working in MNCs and their police verification has been done, following all the rules. I don't know why the residents are making unnecessary allegations.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11985065", "title": "Caetano announces his manifesto", "text": "MARGAO: Slamming an 'unaccountable and centralized bureaucracy' that has given little opportunity for the citizens of Benaulim to be a part of the local decision making process, Goa Vikas Party candidate Caetano Silva announced his 'people's manifesto' on Saturday.Silva, popularly known as 'Caitu', has said that despite the fact that there are 4 beaches, 5 lakes , 4 medical centres, 5 primary schools and one higher secondary school in the constituency, there has hardly been any development, forcing the people to go to the Gulf for better prospects.Caitu's people manifesto contains several promises including that of working out a government social security scheme where a jobless youth will get Rs 2,000 per month.Caitu further said that he would direct government servants to explain government schemes to the people of his constituency.Assembly elections news 2012Goa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11985568", "title": "Narrow escape for Sampark Kranti passengers", "text": "NAGPUR: Passengers of Tirupati-Nizamuddin Sampark Kranti Express had a miraculous escape on Tuesday when their train hit a container lorry crossing the tracks at an unmanned level crossing between Gumgaon and Khapri, 25 kms from Nagpur.The 12707 Sampark Kranti was approaching Nagpur at a speed of 110 kmph at about 1.35 am when it hit the rear portion of the lorry carrying container crossing the tracks at gate no 17/C between Gumgaon and Khapri stations. The train scheduled to reach Nagpur at 2 am finally arrived around 7 am. At least half a dozen other passenger trains were delayed because of mishap.The driver of the lorry Gulabsingh Jeetusingh alias Ranjitsingh Rajput, a resident of Rajasthan, died on the spot. Railway sources he had attempted to take a short-cut while heading towards Hyderabad and Chennai.The container, carrying auto parts and other goods, was ripped into three while windscreen and headlight of the train also got damaged. The truck obstructed train movement on the track. Loco pilot P K Sharma also suffered injury to left arm and knee. He has been admitted to Central Railway Hospital at Nagpur where his condition is said to be stable. The assistant loco pilot escaped with minor injuries.On receiving the news, a four-member team of senior doctors and officials rushed to the mishap site along with an accident relief medical van and cleared the down track at around 4.55 am. The injured train drivers were shifted to Nagpur.Talking to TOI, Uday Borwankar, additional divisional railway manager (ADRM) of Central Railway, said the train driver's presence of mind averted a major tragedy. After driver sighted the crossing container he applied emergency brakes as application of main brakes at that speed could have led to derailment. That slowed down the train a bit during impact.Borwankar said the level crossing was manned during the day. It remained closed between 6 pm and 6 am in view of less traffic. A notice in Hindi is displayed at the gate asking road users not to use level crossing during night. Still, the lorry driver opened the gate and attempted to cross the tracks.The accident van carrying the injured train drivers was stranded in the Nagpur yard for around two hours. Borwankar admitted it was held up but said the van was virtually a mobile hospital and all medical aid was extended to the injured drivers.Meanwhile, Hingna police on a complaint filed by the Central Railway have registered a FIR against the driver and owner of lorry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11985095", "title": "Delhi 'Frogman' finds rare amphibian family", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a rare scientific feat being described as the 'discovery of the year', a team of scientists led by a Delhi University professor, S D Biju, has found a new family of legless amphibians commonly known as caecilians.The new family has been named Chikilidae, consisting of tailless burrowing caecilians which evolved separately from other caecilian species more than 140 million years ago.Its closest relatives are found in Africa , which shows that it existed before the Indian subcontinent broke away from the African landmass.The remarkable discovery, set to be published in the upcoming issue of Proceedings of Royal Society of London, came after massive soil-digging surveys in about 250 localities spread over five years in each Northeast Indian state. The work is the most extensive systematic programme of dedicated caecilian surveys ever attempted.Most of the world's 61 amphibian families were described by the mid-1800s and any new discovery is extremely rare. Biju's team has achieved it twice in less than a decade.\"I am so glad because I am fortunate to have discovered two new families of amphibians, one in 2003 after a gap of 100 years, then the famous purple frog and today, Chikilidae,\" said Biju.In an exclusive chat with TOI, Biju said Chikilidae were a group of extremely dedicated burrowers. \"They exhibit an intriguing and highly specialized reproductive behaviour. The mother builds underground nests for her eggs, guards her egg-clutch by coiling around them until the embryos hatch after 2-3 months. The eggs undergo direct development - they feed on the yolk reserves and come out as miniature adults,\" he said.The research that lead to the discovery is part of Biju's PhD scholar Rachunliu G Kamei's thesis.The international scientific community has hailed the discovery. Darrel Frost, curator-in-charge, department of herpetology at New York's American Museum of Natural History called it the discovery of the year. He said Biju and his colleagues had turned things around and the world's scientific community now looks forward to seeing more competent scientific work from this group and lots of surprises \"as our understanding of this critically important area grows\".\"That an amphibian in northeastern India has African roots - and ancient roots at that - in one sense fits our knowledge that India has moved physically through time and varied its continental connections, but this discovery makes rich predictions about other similar patterns to be looked for,\" Frost said.Biju's group has also discovered 57 new species and 6 genera. The majority of new discoveries come from remote tropical rainforests. However, the new family described here is mainly from human-inhabited areas. \"This makes the conservation of species more challenging,\" said Biju, who led a team of researchers from the Natural History Museum , London and Vrije University, Brussels.According to Biju, the present description of new family underscores India's remarkable position as the country with the highest number of endemic amphibian families in the world. The work is a significant contribution to understanding of vertebrate evolution and biogeography.These findings have been published in a paper titled 'Discovery of a new family of amphibians from Northeast India with ancient links to Africa' in the current issue of Proceedings of Royal Society of London B.Globally, amphibians are the most threatened vertebrate group with one out of three surviving amphibian species on the verge of extinction.Habitats are rapidly disappearing in Northeast India and immediate steps are required to protect the remaining forests from human activities like jhum cultivation. Apart from habitat destruction, local myth also contributes to caecilian depletion; local communities believe that caecilians are extremely venomous 'snakes'.Actually caecilians are neither venomous nor are they snakes. They never bite. They open their mouth only for feeding.Biju's feat lauded as 'giant surprise'Photos", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11984153", "title": "No shows at single screens tomorrow", "text": "PUNE: The proposed strike by multiplex owners, distributors and film producers on February 23 to protest against the levy of 10% service tax on, has been deferred, said Arvind Chaphalkar, secretary of the Multiplex Association of India.The decision was taken after a delegation of the association met Union finance minister, Pranab Mukherjee , in New Delhi on Sunday. However, single screen theatres across the city will go ahead with the protest and have cancelled screenings on February 23.\"Thanks to intervention from the information and broadcasting minister, Ambika Soni , the association members met the Union finance minister, who assured us that the matter would be looked into after the Union budget,\" said Chaphalkar.He said that the association decided to protest because the levy of the service tax will increase the production budget of films, and will indirectly result in an increase in ticket prices. The audience would have had to bear the burden, said Chaphalkar, who was a part of the delegation.Had the multiplexes gone ahead with the protest on February 23, each one of them would have suffered a loss up to Rs 1.5 lakh, Chaphalkar added. \"As per provisions in the constitution, it is only the state government that can charge such a tax. But, here we see the Union government entering in state-related matters by trying to levy tax. Also, the service tax provisions have not been implemented properly,\" he said.As of now, air-conditioned and non-air-conditioned single screen theatres are paying service tax of 6% and 5.5% respectively. \"We are going ahead with the protest by cancelling all our shows on February 23 because the proposed increase will push ticket prices further up,\" said Shyamrao Pawar, manager of Neelayam Talkies in Sadashiv Peth.The theatre charges Rs 60 (balcony) and Rs 40 (upper stall) for Hindi films, and Rs 45 (balcony) and Rs 30 (upper stall) for Marathi films. \"The additional service tax will make ticket prices unaffordable,\" Pawar added.A source at Westend theatre in Camp added, \"The four-odd screenings at our theatre for February 23 stand cancelled.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "11986194", "title": "IFFCO plant in Paradip shut down", "text": "KENDRAPADA: The district administration ordered Indian Farmers' Fertilizer Cooperative Limited (IFFCO) to shut down the affected area of the fertilizer plant in Paradip where a silo shed came crashing down on Monday.At least 20 workers were injured when a large silo shed of a fertilizer plant of IFFCO collapsed on Monday at 9.45 am in Paradip. Senior officials, including technical director of IFFCO, inspected the damaged shed on Tuesday.\"We rushed from New Delhi on Tuesday to Paradip to inspect the damaged silo shed. We are examining the reason behind the collapse of the shed on Monday. We also examined three other silo sheds of the fertilizer plant,\" said IFFCO technical director K L Singh. \"As luck would have it, no body died in this accident,\" said M R Patel, senior executive director of IFFCO.The injured workers were first admitted to Biju Patnaik memorial hospital in Paradip. Later four workers were taken to SCB Medical College and Hospital in Cuttack as their condition worsened. All the workers have been extricated safely from beneath the collapsed structure. Dozens of workers were trapped under rubble when the shed collapsed.\"We were working at the fertilizer plant when suddenly the silo caved in. I, along with six workers, managed to save our lives by rushing towards the main gate. But other workers were trapped in the plant,\" said Saroj Pradhan, one of the injured workers.While additional district magistrate (ADM) in Paradip said Surjit Das ordered to shut down the affected area of the plant, Kujang tehsildar Basudev Pradhan conceded the silo came crashing down probably because it was not maintained properly.\"The silo was not in good shape. In 2005, IFFCO purchased the plant from Oswal company and did not repair the silo properly. IFFCO officials had only painted the damaged silo. Many of the older concrete tower silos are still in use today despite possible danger to workers,\" said Rabindra Nayak, a trade union leader and general secretary of IFFCO workers' union. \"The accident at the fertilizer plant is likely to highlight poor safety procedures in plants and factories in Paradip,\" he added.Palpable tension mounted at the fertilizer plant and neighbouring areas after the incident. District collector Narayan Chandra Jena and superintendent of police D Singh rushed to the plant to take stock of the situation.Srikanta Jena, Congress leader and Union minister of state for chemical and fertilizer, sought a detailed report from the officials of IFFCO about the accident. \"IFFCO should provide proper compensation to all the injured workers. We will take proper steps after receiving the report about the collapse of the silo in the fertilizer plant,\" the minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11985665", "title": "IGGMCH starts performing cataract surgeries", "text": "NAGPUR: Indira Gandhi Government Medical College and Hospital ( IGGMCH) has started performing cataract surgeries using modern techniques. This method of treatment enables a patient to walk home a couple of hours after the operation.The surgery that would cost more than Rs 20,000 in a private set up would cost only a tenth of the amount in the hospital. The minimal expenses that the patient has to bear go towards purchase of the lenses and some medicines.\"This surgery called micro phaco surgery is being taken up for the first time in a government hospital. A patient can come during the morning, go through some preoperative medications, go through the surgery which takes only a few minutes to perform and walk home immediately afterwards,\" said Dr Sudhir Pendke, an associate professor at the hospital.He believed that the necessity for quick rehabilitation that comes with the fast paced life that we live necessitates such treatment modalities.Those who wish to avail of the treatment can contact Dr Priyanka at 9923699821 or Dr Rahul at 9923599446.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11985750", "title": "Derecognise institutions if they admit ineligible students: HC tells board", "text": "NAGPUR: In a far-reaching order, Nagpur bench of Bombay high court has asked Maharashtra State Board for Secondary and Higher Secondary Education to 'de-recognize institutions if they wrongly admit ineligible students'.A division bench comprising PB Majmudar and Prasanna Varale directed the board headquarters in Pune to advertise and inform institutions that if they admit students ineligible for a particular stream, such institutions shall be liable to be de-recognized by the board.The bench was hearing a plea filed by a student from Sandipani Junior College, Hazaripahad, who had challenged the state board's decision to declare her ineligible for science stream in HSC examination that commenced on Monday. Though the student had secured less than 40% in her Class X, she had falsely mentioned 42% in her application to get admission to Sandipani college.The court further directed the board to inform all educational institutions that a bona fide student should not be deprived of admission if a seat is filled by such ineligible student. \"Educational institutions at the time of admitting the students in a particular course must properly find out their eligibility at the threshold, or at least within few months after enrolling the student provisionally,\" the judges said.They also asked the Maharashtra government to direct institutions to comply with this direction at the earliest, if not at the time of admitting student provisionally.The court came down heavily on Sandipani College, stating that \"it is no doubt that the institution was also required to make appropriate scrutiny later by asking the student to submit original mark-sheet, but it remained careless for reasons best known to it\".The court however declined to provide any leniency to the 17-year-old petitioner, observing that since she herself resorted to falsehood in getting admission, no equity can be shown in her favour. \"By enrolling an (ineligible) student, a genuine student might have been refused admission as the seats are limited,\" the court tersely observed.\"Even if the management was negligent in not verifying marks, that itself is not a ground by which any equity can be shown in favour of the student,\" the court added. \"If the student has secured admission on the basis of misrepresentation and by making false statements, this court under Article 226 of Constitution of India may not assist such petitioner,\" the court said while dismissing the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11984751", "title": "Demand for Trivedi's resignation raised, speculations rife", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat University (GU) campus was abuzz with speculations following the arrest of vice-chancellor Parimal Trivedi in the dalit atrocity case on Tuesday. While the vice-chancellor (VC) was immediately granted conditional bail, many educationists and students leaders were of the opinion that Trivedi should resign on moral grounds.\"GU VC Parimal Trivedi should resign to facilitate free and fair inquiry into the cases against him. He is accused of not only of being abusive but he his role in number of corruption cases is also suspect. ABVP has many times organized events opposing corrupt practices of the VC. After his arrest, he should take moral responsibility and submit his resignation,\" Harsh Shah, office secretary of ABVP, said.Trivedi has earned the sobriquet of being the first VC in the history of Gujarat to be arrested while in office. There are 23 odd universities in Gujarat but no VC has been arrested while he was in-charge.Former vice-chancellors of GU too echoed the call for resignation. \"Trivedi should vacate his position to maintain the sanctity of the office he holds,\" a former VC of GU said.Meanwhile, speculation was rife as to what would be the next development following the arrest and subsequent conditional bail of Trivedi. Higher education department officials conceded that since Trivedi was not arrested for 48 hours, technically the government is not bound to suspend him. However, some groups believed that state government had already taken his resignation and is exercising the wait and watch approach.Meanwhile, GU's pro vice-chancellor Dr Mukul Shah said that question of Trivedi tendering his resignation does not arise as he was granted conditional bail within hours of his arrest. It needs mention that Trivedi has not been seen in office during the last three days. There were talks that he had gone off on a pilgrimage to avoid being arrested before a public holiday. Other believed that he was camping at a farmhouse of a syndicate member.Also, Trivedi, who has been quite media-friendly during his two tenures so far, refused to meet mediapersons. His family blatantly held the media responsible for the crisis and blamed it of blowing issues out of proportion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "11985388", "title": "Communication gap with MPCC behind Rs 1cr seizure: Shekhawat", "text": "AMRAVATI: Local Congress MLA and President Pratibha Patil's son Rajendra Shekhawat on Tuesday attributed the dispute surrounding the Rs 1 crore cash seizure by the Amravati police to the 'communication gap' with the Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee.The city police had asked Shekhawat, MPCC general secretary Ganesh Patil and state minister for water resources Rajendra Mulak among others to record their statement following a direction to this effect by a local court. Mulak had sought time from the police till February 28 to present his side. Patil who could not appear before the police owing to age factor, was represented by advocate Jagtap for the purpose.On February 12 -- just four days before the Amravati civic polls -- the police seized the cash from a car and arrested driver Prakash Masram and Ashish Bodhankar in this connection.\"There was a communication gap and MPCC did not inform me as to how and when the funds were dispatched. I learnt about it only when the Amravati Police seized the vehicle and recovered Rs 1 crore,\" Shekhawat said while addressing mediapersons after recording his statement before police commissioner Amitesh Kumar.Shekhawat said, \"The local Congress unit had had asked for funds from the MPCC for financially poor party candidates contesting the civic polls. MPCC assured to send funds to Amravati District Congress Committee but did not inform when the funds would be sent or the mode of making the funds available.\"\"At around 11 pm on Saturday Ashish Bodhankar called me that he was carrying the cash meant for the Amravati District Congress. Later the same night Satyanarayan Agrawal called me, informing about police seizing the vehicle carrying the cash. I have no acquaintance with either Bodhankar or Agrawal,\" Shekhawat said.The next morning, Shekhawat called up the MPCC office and that's how he could confirm that the cash was sent for the Amravati Congress unit. \"I apprised the MPCC of the developments here and they immediately faxed a letter to the Amravati police giving details about the cash,\" he said.\"I told the police that Rs 1 crore was meant to be disbursed among 87 Congress nominees for municipal polls in proportion of Rs 1 lakh each and the remaining Rs 13 lakh was supposed to be spent by the Amravati District Congress Committee for meeting expenses and making advance payments. The entire fund was sent by MPCC through its general secretary Ganesh Patil,\" Shekhawat said.The Congress MLA said that he asked Amravati District Congress Committee president Vasant Saurkar to file a petition in the court for getting possession of the cash which is presently in the government treasury.Appearing for Shekhawat, advocate Wasim Mirza told mediapersons that their explanation was satisfactory and that they had placed facts before the police. \"Police asked us a few questions about the source and purpose of funds. It is not a criminal case since we have proof about the legitimacy of funds. We submitted original papers to the police for verification and told them the sequence of events,\" said Mirza.He, however, evaded a direct reply when asked as to how the cash landed in the seized vehicle belonging to Satyanarayan Agarwal - a businessman from Nagpur. Mirza also could not explain about the role of a personal staff of state minister Mulak in the transportation of cash.Advocate Hitesh Jain, who represented the MPCC side, denied to disclose any details regarding the interrogation.DIG and Amravati police chief Amitesh Kumar told reporters that Shekhawat recorded his statement in connection with the cash seizure. \"Rs 1 crore cash, which was being transported into the city from Nagpur in a car and meant to be used during the civic polls, was seized on early February 12 and two persons were arrested. We are verifying and investigating the source and destination of funds seized and cross-checking every angle,\" Kumar said while refusing to elaborate as the investigations are in a 'critical' stage.Following the seizure, the Election Commission had directed the district collector Rahul Mahiwal and municipal commissioner N Naveen Sona to file a report about the incident.Shekhawat, who also has to appear before Mahiwal as per the EC's notice, would have to wait till the officer returns to the city from his official visit to Mumbai, sources said.Meanwhile, a local court on Monday ordered release of the vehicle carrying Rs 1 crore cash seized by the Amravati police on a bond of Rs 20 lakh. The court delivered the order while hearing a petition filed by the Amravati District Congress Committee.BJP district body too filed a counter petition urging the court against returning the seized cash to the Congress. The local Congress committee has asked time from court to present their case.Court asked the election officer and AMC commissioner Sona to record his statement till February 29 over the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11984864", "title": "Stags barred from most nightclubs in Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: Nightclubs in the city are taking no chances in the wake of the car-rape shocker. They are beefing up security and the leading ones have already banned stags.There is tighter screening of visitors andmore CCTV cameras have been installed. Cars are being checked.Tantra at The Park is seriously considering preserving CCTV footage for more than four days. Underground has made it out of bounds for stags.\"Review of security arrangements is an ongoing process. We are actively considering any improvement which might enhance security further. Video storage is an aspect that could be looked into. At present, it's not preserved for more than four days. It was on the basis of the footage provided by us that police cracked the rape case. We might preserve footage for a longer period to assist such investigations,\" said a spokesperson for The Park which has three nightclubs - Tantra, Someplace Else and Roxy.Screening of visitors has already been tightened at Tantra with a bar on stags on weekends. Previously, they would be allowed on a higher cover charge. Cars, too, are being screened and a log is being maintained. Security personnel posted at the car park are doing regular rounds.At Underground - the HHI nightclub - stags have been strictly barred. The nightclub has also stopped being lenient about its closing time. While on Wednesdays, Fridays and Saturdays it would shut down at 2am and at midnight on other days, the crowd would be allowed to linger for some more time. Since the Park Street incident, the club pulls its shutters a good 15 minutes ahead of schedule. \"We have been asking our guests to clear their bills and make sure that they don't linger on our premises a minute beyond scheduled close. The entry of stags has been banned,\" said a club employee.Soho has been scanning visitors' movements around the club. \"We have a valet parking system which allows us to keep an eye on guests,\" said manager Anand Gupta. Stags have not been disallowed, but restricted only to regulars and members of the clubs. \"We have decided to go strictly by the profile of guests. Our securitymen and bouncers have been instructed to disallow any visitor if they sense trouble. The Park Street incident prompted us to review our arrangements. We have adequate CCTV coverage and preserve our footage for 15 days,\" added Gupta.Police patrolling, too, has been stepped up in and around the nightclubs. Kolkata Police has deployed six radio flying squads to keep a vigil ever since the Park Street incident. Three more patrol EM Bypass. \"A deputy commissioner has been leading the patrolling operations at night for some months now. We already had adequate cover, now security is being reinforced,\" said Jawed Shamim, joint commissioner (HQ).Tantra claimed that the additional measures will help to make the nightclub 'even safer' for guests. \"We believe that our club has adequate security cover. We have round-the-clock surveillance on camera as well as by security personnel. State-of-the-art equipment including CCTVs and metal detectors are used. Our security cover extends to all public areas, guest floors within the hotel, also covering a section of Park Street with CCTV surveillance. The security team also maintains a log on all cars entering the hotel at all times. But upgradation will definitely be done,\" a spokesperson said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11984571", "title": "HSC exams: On Day 1, nine from Nashik caught cheating", "text": "NASHIK: On the first day of the Higher Secondary Certificate (HSC) examination on Tuesday, 76 students appearing from the Nashik board were caught copying, out of which nine were from Nashik district. Five squads were deployed for finding the instances of copying. Out of 1,52,177 students who filled up examination forms 1,48,000 appeared were present for the exam in 175 exam centres.Nine students from Nashik, 16 from Dhule, 49 from Jalgaon, two from Nandurbar districts were caught copying, informed the divisional secretary of Maharashtra State Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Committee, Bhagwan Suryawanshi. The kind of punitive action will be decided depending upon the kind of crime. \"The student could be debarred from appearing for the exams from a period of one year to three years after we find out what exactly he has done during copying,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11984206", "title": "Satara residents protest against honour killing, want helpline", "text": "PUNE: Several social organizations and educational institutions in Satara took out a silent march on Tuesday to protest against the killing of a woman by her father because she wanted to marry a man from outside their caste.The protesters demanded that a helpline be set up in Satara for women who are facing domestic violence and other atrocities.Asha Shinde (25), of Aundh in Satara, who worked as a medical social worker at KEM hospital in Pune, was allegedly murdered by her father, Shankar (65). Shankar surrendered before the police on Sunday morning.Chandrakant Shirke, assistant inspector, Aundh police station, said: \"Shankar, a farmer, told Asha that she would have to marry a man of his choice. This led to a fight between the two of them. Early on Sunday, he attacked her with an iron while she was asleep. His three other daughters and a son are all married. Asha was the youngest.\"Shirke has said that Shankar would remain in police custody till February 22.\"He has been talking about everything else except the murder of his daughter. It doesn't appear he regrets his act,\" Shirke said.Asha joined the medical social work department at KEM hospital six months ago.\"She was honest and sincere in her work and shared a good rapport with her colleagues. She wanted to study further and had enrolled for an MBA course in human resources. She shared an apartment with a friend somewhere in Dhayari,\" said Perveen Bharucha, head of the medical social work department at the KEM hospital.When asked whether any helpline would be set up for women in Satara, district collector N Ramaswamy said, \"I am aware of the unfortunate incident. I will consider what is to be done about setting up a helpline.\"s the country to press for the law. \"We appeal to all citizens to support this democratic demand,\" Moghe said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11986057", "title": "HC asks govt why illegal banners aren't removed", "text": "CHENNAI: With chief minister J Jayalalithaa's birthday just two days away and the city witnessing a spurt in digital banners and hoardings on main roads, the Madras high court has asked the authorities to spell out action taken against those who put up unauthorized banners.The first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam gave the directions on Tuesday, on a public interest writ petition of social activist K R 'Traffic' Ramaswamy.Pointing out that the bench had adjourned the matter on January 3 with a direction to the government pleader that a counter-affidavit be filed in four weeks, the judges expressed dissatisfaction when informed on Tuesday that the counter-affidavit was yet to be filed. Describing it as 'unfortunate', they said: \"The counter-affidavit must be filed stating specifically as to what steps the authorities had taken for redressal of the grievances of the petitioner (Ramaswamy).\" They, however, acceded to the request of advocate-general A Navaneethakrishnan who wanted more time to file a counter-affidavit. The matter has now been posted to February 27 for further hearing. In this regard, they pointed out that when the matter came up for hearing on January 3, the bench had given four weeks for the authorities to file an affidavit narrating the action taken to regulate the erection of banners and pandals in public places.In his PIL, Ramaswamy had stated that authorities were indifferent to largescale violation of court orders and the relevant law by party men who put up huge digital hoardings and also damage roads. He said most of the police stations were not ready even to acknowledge complaints about such violation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "11984936", "title": "'Police uncle, lock up my parents'", "text": "PANCHKULA: Police 'uncle' in Panchkula is being kept rather busy. No, there has not been an unusual spurt in crime, rather it is calls being made to the police control room here by kids, which is keeping the 'uncles' busy.Of course those on duty in evening get more calls from irate kids, who want their moms or dads to be taught a lesson for scolding them or forcing them to do homework. Some even want their parents to be locked up.\"Kids of all age groups call up here at the control room. The recent call that surprised me the most was made by a four-year-old girl, who said that her mother was getting angry on her and forcibly making her eat food and she wanted us to arrest her mother soon,\" said Panchkula police control room in charge, assistant sub-inspector (ASI) Bakshi Ram.He added, \"When I asked her from where she got my number, she said her parents had taught her that whenever you need help other than us you can call on number 100 as it was that of police 'uncle'. We receive an average 10 to 12 calls daily from kids who want us to teach their parents a lesson.\"\"Some say they would give another chance to their parents,\" said another official.There are some emotional ones also who request the cops to take away their parents but specially ask not to beat them up.\"Actually kids have often been 'threatened' by parents to 'do this or that thing or else police would come and take them away'. Now the kids have started using the same weapon. There is a kind of insecurity amongst the kids. They feel that they are independent enough to handle their own work and when parents snub or interfere, they react this way. And there are some who are bluffing and telling lies in order to have fun or just threaten parents that they can go to this extent,\" said Professor Jitender Mohan from the department of psychology, Panjab University. He added, \"This is a serious issue.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11984078", "title": "Guilt pangs drive house help to suicide in Khar", "text": "MUMBAI: Unable to bear the guilt pangs that he had been suffering from for selling off things his employer had got from a relative, a 20-year-old domestic help jumped to his death from the fifth floor of a building in Khar (W) late on Monday. Chhotu Prajapati took the drastic step in front of stunned onlookers, including his employer, who tried to prevent him from doing so but in vain.Prajapati, who had been associated with his employer's family for years, died on Tuesday. \"There is no foul play and we have not registered any complaint against anybody. Prajapati committed suicide as he felt guilty,\" said Mangesh Pote, senior inspector, Khar police.Cops said Prajapati became depressed after his employer, a second-year management student, confronted him after some ghee and other goods disappeared. The house help then admitted before his employer that he had sold off the goods at a grocery store for Rs 400.Having worked with the student's family in Jaipur, Prajapati was trusted a lot. He was asked to stay with the student in Mumbai. The student had taken a sixth-floor flat in Noble House, 18th Road, Khar (W), on rent.A relative of the student recently visited the house and left behind some ghee and other goods, worth around Rs 1,000, for him. As the youth was not at home, the relative asked Prajapati to keep the things safely. However, Prajapati sold the goods at a nearby shop for Rs 400.The student later got to know from his relative that she had brought some stuff for him. He confronted Prajapati about it on Monday and the latter admitted to having sold off the stuff. The student scolded Prajapati for this behaviour, saying it was least expected as he had always been treated like a family member. He was warned against repeating such an act.Later, the student informed his father about the matter. The youth was asked to put his mobile in speaker mode and give it to Prajapati. The father then reminded the domestic help of the trust the family had in him.Disturbed , Prajapati did not have dinner on Monday night. The student advised him to forget the matter and went to study.Around 11.30pm, the student heard a commotion outside. What he saw left him shocked. Prajapati had used the balcony to reach the fifth floor and was hanging from a window grille. People who had gathered below urged Prajapati not to do anything drastic. The student, too, requested him to return to the flat. But Prajapati did not listen to them and jumped.Prajapati was taken to hospital in critical condition and he died during treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11985566", "title": "AC coaches added to two trains", "text": "BHOPAL: One each additional AC coach has been added to 11472/11471 Jabalpur-Indore-Jabalpur Express and 12160/12159 Jabalpur-Amravati-Jabalpur Express each, according to the West Central Railway.This has been done to tackle the increased passenger pressure in the AC coaches in these trains, a West Central Railway spokesman said.Commuters had been long demanding the coach especially in the peak season that witnesses heavy rush.Similarly, passengers travelling by 12630/12629 Sampark Kranti Express and 12649/12650 Sampark Kranti Express, that runs five days a week between Yeshwantpur and Hazrat Nizamuddin, would also benefit from an additional AC III tier coach for the next six months, the spokesman said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11984438", "title": "Countdown to celestial show begins today", "text": "PUNE: The countdown to one of the most interesting celestial phenomena will begin Wednesday when five planets, visible to the naked eye, will be seen on a single night.Starting with the crescent of the moon on Thursday, the first of the five planets - Venus - can be seen on Saturday after sunset followed by Jupiter, Mercury, Mars and Saturn in the following days.February 27 will be the best time for astronomy lovers to watch all of them on one night.Director of Nehru planetarium Arvind Paranjpye said, \"Starting February 23, over the next 20 days or so it would be possible for one to see all the five planets visible to the naked eyes in one night. But the important period would be the first 10 days. The moon can be used as an indicator to spot the planets.\"On Wednesday, sky watchers will be able to see a thin crescent of the moon just above the western horizon. Then on the next day, February 23, the moon with its crescent phase will be seen just above Mercury. Then as the crescent moon climbs above the horizon it first passes close to Venus on February 25 and then it is a bit above Jupiter on February 28.On Thursday, the crescent moon will be close to Mercury to its north. This would be a good chance for one to spot Mercury, as it will be a bit below and to the left of the crescent moon. Once you have spotted Mercury, mark its position. Though its position will change as the time moves on, the general direction will remain more or less the same, Paranjpye added.On February 24, the moon will be between Mercury and Venus and on the following day, the moon is below and to the right of Venus (see graphic).On February 26, the moon will be between Jupiter and Venus while on the night of February 27, all planets will be seen one after another.Paranjpye said, \"The moon will be a bit above and to north of Jupiter. Mars is in Leo constellation and rises about an hour after the sunset, above the eastern horizon. It can be identified by its reddish hue. It will be seen all most all through the night. Saturn follows it after two hours.\"To study this astronomical phenomenon with the help of experts, the Akashmitra, an amateur asstronomers' club in the city, has organised an event on February 26, at the planetarium of New English School on Tilak Road.The event will start at 6.30 pm. A large telescope will be used to show the position of planets. The event will be free and open to all.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "11986405", "title": "DC releases funds for treatment of BPL people", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Deputy commissioner Manish Ranjan on Tuesday released Rs 30 lakh from the welfare fund for treatment of 21 patients belonging to the BPL (below-poverty line) families in various blocks of Hazaribag.Out of the 21 beneficiaries who will get Rs 80,000 to Rs 1,50,000 each as per the seriousness and cost, as many as 11 patients have been suffering from severe heart diseases, nine from cancer and one from the kidney trouble. The DC in his press note said he was granting this amount to the 21 patients belonging to the BPL families get sufficient money so that they can go to the best hospitals in the country for their treatment. He said all these applications were pending and sympathetically considered and disposed of after proper scrutiny. The DC released the lists of the patients who will be the funds recipients.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11984908", "title": "Polls in mind, CM sings her praise", "text": "Sheila Completes 13 Years In Office, Talks About Infrastructure, Clean CityNEW DELHI: With an eye on the upcoming municipal elections, chief minister Sheila Dikshit lauded the government's initiatives on Tuesday during the address on completion of 13 years by her government.In the address that aimed at wooing the common man, especially the underprivileged, Dikshit said her priorities this year would be proper maintenance of new infrastructure, providing proper dwellings for those staying in slums, and making Delhi the cleanest city in the country.\"Our focus will be on maintaining the infrastructure created in the run-up to the Commonwealth Games. We are also going to make Delhi slum-free and clean,\" said Dikshit, who also released a 'working report' highlighting achievements of various departments and agencies in the last few years.This was, however, the first time in many years that the media was part of the address-perhaps keeping the elections in view-that is otherwise meant for her officers.Dikshit praised the bureaucrats' efforts that made CWG a success and are responsible for turning Delhi into a world-class city. \"Please remember, the whole of the country looks up to Delhi. What Delhi does today, the rest of the country does tomorrow or the day after. That is why you have a bigger responsibility,\" Dikshit said while asking her officials to keep up the good work.The CM did not miss the opportunity to take credit for MCD trifurcation, calling it her government's biggest achievement in 2011. \"The decision to split MCD will go a long way in bringing local administration close to people,\" she added. Also the increase in reservations of seats for women to 50% from 33% in the coming municipal elections was something she held dear.While responding to a query on the corruption charges made against the government, Dikshit said she would ensure action is taken against anybody found guilty of any irregularities in CWG spending based on the recommendations of Public Accounts Committee and the GoM examining CAG and Shunglu Committee reports respectively.\"I have repeated again and again that if anybody is found guilty of any wrongdoing or giving out-of-turn benefit, he/she will face action. But let us first know what action to take and against whom,\" she added. Defending her PWD Minister Raj Kumar Chauhan, who faced a Lokayukta order for corruption, Dikshit said that the anti-corruption body is yet to prove the allegations against him.The CM, however, let the pressing issue of unauthorized colonies for her chief secretary PK Tripathi to answer. Tripathi claimed that the government is not going to act in haste while regularizing unauthorized colonies. \"There is so much that needs to be done in these colonies, right from creating sub-stations to providing health services. All this will take time,\" said Tripathi, adding that the same shall take at least a year. A total of 1,218 colonies out of 1638 unauthorized colonies were given provisional certificates by the government in 2008.Later during a light conversation with reporters, Dikshit avoiding giving any clear answer to whether she will contest the elections as CM for the fourth time. \"Two years more to go. Let me complete this tenure,\" she said.She, however, spoke strongly in support of the National Counter Terrorism Centrem saying it should be welcomed by all the states keeping security in mind.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11988427", "title": "NFDC back with Manjunath", "text": "After a long hiatus, NFDC is back with a new project based on the true story of Manjunath Shanmugham, an IIT alumni who was brutally murdered for exposing the oil mafia. The film to be directed by debutante Sandeep Verma will star Divya Dutta, Seema Biswas and Rajesh Khattar in the lead roles. The actor, who plays the role of Manjunath has, however, been kept under wraps.Rajesh Khattar, who plays the role of Raina in the film confirmed the news and added, \"It's a pleasant change for me. After playing rich and glamorous roles, I will be playing a rustic character in the film. It has been shot in a very realistic way. We are all very excited about it.\"The Manjunath murder case had urged celebrities including Aamir Khan to raise their voice. Mumbai Mirror has learnt, that the project supported by NFDC will be co-financed by the IIT and IIM alumni. Rock band Parikrama have composed the music for the film. According to a source from the industry, this might be the first release by NFDC after Ramesh Sippy took over as the chairman of the governing body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11985975", "title": "Soon, get hourly weather forecasts on your mobile", "text": "CHENNAI: In a couple of years you will get hourly mobile updates and forecasts on weather. The India Meteorological Department (IMD) is working on 'nowcasting' weather for mobile phones and websites with the help of Doppler weather radars, said Y E A Raj, deputy director of the regional meteorological department.For this, the Met office will add two doppler radars to the existing one in the state. Speaking at the 10th anniversary of the radar in Chennai, Raj said the mobile forecast will provide early warnings of climatic changes including hailstorms, very heavy rain, cloud bursts and flash floods in a particular locality every hour. At present, the Met department does weather forecasts only twice a day.A similar system was used during the Commonwealth Games in Delhi last year to provide six-hourly forecasts. The average range of a Doppler radar is about 150-500km. Raj said mobile users can access the service through apps, SMS and the internet.Demonstrating the radar in Chennai, S Bagulayan Thampi, director weather radar station said it had tracked and collected information on seven cyclones and three depressions (a stage below the intensity of a cyclone) formed over the Bay of Bengal.The new doppler radars will be installed in Karaikal and Ramanathapuram. \"There were some minor hitches in installing the radar in Karaikal since it came under the defence scanner. However, it will be in place in a year,\" said Thampi.There are 19 dopplers across the country and the IMD is also planning to extend it into 55 doppler weather radars after the end of 12th five year plan he adds.Pictures generated using the radar will identify areas within 500 km where it is likely to be rain. The scans from the radar will be uploaded on the Met department website and the pictures will be updated every 10 minutes. Detailed pictures of clouds, formation of thunderstorms and their intensity, along with wind direction can be obtained from this pictures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "11985170", "title": "Thrissur celebrates mamangam", "text": "THRISSUR: Machad mamangam, a unique festival of Kerala was celebrated at Thiruvanikkavu Temple in Machad on Tuesday.Mamangam, which is popularly known as Thiruvanikkavu Kuthira Vela, is celebrated in the rural areas of Wadakanchery, and attracts people from all walks of life.Decorated models of horses participate in the processions in the backdrop of dried paddy fields. The festival starts with Parayeduppu with the convergence of five desams (local areas) Thekkumkara, Karumatra, Punnamparambu, Panangattukara and Manalithara. This year's procession was led by Panangattukara desam. The procession to the temple was accompanied with fireworks. Temple rituals, which were held during the day, started with Panchavadyam, Annamanada Parameswara Marar, followed by Pandimelam led by Kizhakoottu Aniyan Marar. Horses embellished with silk clothes and ornaments, carried by youths from respective desams made the festival a spectacular one.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11974013", "title": "Soha turns biwi to Irrfan\u2019s Sahib", "text": "The Sahib Biwi Aur Gangster sequel just got more interesting with Soha Ali Khan joining the cast as Irrfan Khan's tormented wife.On Saturday evening, Soha signed on the dotted line. She told this newspaper, \"Nothing and no one is ever how they seem. I'm very excited about the role.\"Soha is very excited because her look, body language, clothes and appearance would be modelled on her mother Sharmila Tagore's in Hrishikesh Mukherjee's Anupama.When contacted, director Tigmanshu Dhulia said, \"Soha has been added to Sahib Biwi Aur Gangster 2. We want the sequel to be glossy and viewer-friendly. We also needed more characters to carry the sequel forward. Jimmy Shergil, Mahie Gill and Randeep Hooda are back. But, Irrfan and Soha play the other couple. Soha will play a mysterious character.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11986033", "title": "Teen with heart ailment shocks docs", "text": "CHENNAI: Doctors at the Fortis Malar Hospital said they were surprised to see a Class 9 student with blocks in three important blood vessels of the heart six months ago. On Tuesday, they announced they treated him with five medicated stents.The boy, Raghuveer Soni, 17, had complaints of chest pain every time he walked or climbed stairs. Doctors who first saw him suspected a gastric problem as they thought he was too young to have heart disease. Further diagnosis showed he had high levels of serum cholesterol and severe blocks in the three blood vessels of the heart. \"Blood supply to the heart was inadequate. To increase supply, we had to take him for an emergency procedure,\" said Dr Sanjiv Agrawal, senior consultant interventional cardiologist at Fortis Malar Hospital.After the angioplasty, Raghuveer was in hospital for five days. He will soon resume school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11987486", "title": "Coming face-to-face virtually", "text": "LUDHIANA: When the most significant tech development of the decade-- social networking sites-- took the world by storm, the Manchester of India could not have been untouched by the wave. But, the net-savvy of Ludhiana are still hooked up to Facebook, the most prominent player among all.Though a few have their accounts on other social interfaces such as Twitter and Linkedin, they aren't really active on these sites, which offer a varied avenue for professional and personal communication. From marketing professionals to those in service industry and from businessmen to students, each have their own reason to like the virtual presence that allows them to connect with dear ones at far off places and advertise or market their professional capabilities.An agency development manager with an insurance company Jaspreet Singh Grewal made a profile on Facebook about 3 years ago. \"I mostly communicate with my outstation friends through Facebook. Their updates let me know about their well being and I like to go through the links posted by them, particularly those on health and lifestyle.''Harjinder Singh, 26, owner of Hot Breads in Sarabha Nagar, has been promoting his business through Facebook and Twitter. He says, \"Besides communicating with friends, social networking sites have helped us tremendously in promoting our business. We have 4,000 members on our Facebook account and 2,025 followers on Twitter.For students, social networking is more about gathering a vast network of friends and a means to know more about the world and share what they find interesting.Amarpal Singh, 18, a resident of Civil Lines and a BBA student at GGN Khalsa College says, \"It is easy to communicate with friends through these social networking sites as almost everyone is a frequent user. Besides communicating with friends, the fact that people keep on posting new information ranging from current affairs to health and history to travel comes handy.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11985478", "title": "Cell phone looted from woman", "text": "BHOPAL: Two unidentified persons robbed a woman of her mobile phone and Rs 30,000 which she was carrying in her purse late on Monday.The complainant, Sandhya Verma, a resident of Nehru Nagar, was returning home after closing her milk parlour in the same locality when two motorcycle-borne youths snatched her purse and fled from the spot. Sandhya tried to resist their move but fell down and sustained minor injuries.Later, she rushed to the Kamla Nagar police station and registered a case. Police have booked the unidentified accused under the Section 392 of the IPC (robbery).The investigating officials said the complainant could not spot registration number of the bike. Efforts are underway to nab the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "ranchi/bokaro", "code": "11985812", "title": "Board exams begin today, over 7L students to appear", "text": "RANCHI/BOKARO: Over 7.6 lakh students will appear for the matric and intermediate examinations conducted by the Jharkhand Academic Council (JAC) beginning Wednesday, registering an increase of 1.5 lakh examinees in this year's edition.JAC chairperson Lakshmi Singh said, \"There are 1,194 examination centres across the state. Of them, 806 are for matriculation examination in which 4,34,638 students will appear and 388 for intermediate examination in which 3,32,590 students will sit.\" The exams will continue till March 5.Of the 136 centers in Ranchi, 100 are for matriculation and 36 for intermediate exams. Tight security measures have been arranged by the government to prevent any irregularities. All examination personnel right from invigilators to Grade IV staff will wear photo identity cards to ensure that no unauthorized person enters the centres. Additional district magistrate (law and order) Dharmendra Pandey said, \"Altogther 208 static and zonal magistrates have been appointed to take question papers to the examination centres and to collect answer sheets before depositing them in the strong room. Flying squads will visit every centre during the exams.\"With examinations round the corner, many students are even banking on guess papers. Piyush, a student of intermediate arts at Gossener College, said, \"I find economics very tough, so I depend on the guess paper.\" Priyanka, a student of ICom second year at Ranchi Women's College, said, \"I don't study the whole day. I follow a time table.\"In Bokaro, the district administration has geared up to conduct free and fair examinations. Deputy commissioner Sunil Kumar has appealed all the examinees to not to indulge in any unfair means to avoid any legal action.Kumar on Tuesday conducted a meeting with SP Kuldeep Dwivedi, SDOs and officials of the education departments to discuss necessary arrangements for holding peaceful examinations.The education department has come up with 60 centres for the matric and 33 centres for the intermediate examinations in Bokaro district. Of them, 26 centres for matric and 21 examination centres for intermediate is under the Chas subdivision covering Bokaro town. This year, 35,733 students are appearing in Class X board exam while 24,107 students will give intermediate examination. \"More than 1,800 teaching staff have been deployed for conducting of the examinations,\" said Ludhi Kumari, the district education officer.Chas SDO Sudhir Kumar Ranjan has imposed prohibitory order in radius of 500 yards of the examination centre from Wednesday. Apart from police, 93 static magistrates have been deputed in the examination centres. He said the DC had given a special instruction to centre superintendent and police for carrying out stiff frisking on school gates. Besides, an examination controlling room has also being installed where deployment of magistrates has been done.Ranjan said, \"They have warned the invigilators, centre superintendents and police who are deployed on examination duty not to tolerate abt unfair practices. If anybody is caught encouraging the unfair means, he/she would have to face legal action.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11983550", "title": "IAS officer quizzed over ads to Sakshi", "text": "HYDERABAD: The CBI questioned IAS officer C Pardhasaradhi here on Tuesday over the government advertisements given to Jagan's Sakshi newspaper when he was commissioner of information and public relations department.The CBI officials questioned him on the quantum of advertisement support given to Jagan's newspaper during his five-year stint as commissioner during the regime of late YSR.Opposition parties had kicked up a big furore on the series of ads released to Sakshi and sought to know as to why the newspaper was unduly favoured despite it being a new entrant in the field.Meanwhile, the bail petition filed by Vijay Sai Reddy of Jagathi Publications was posted to March 5 for hearing by the special CBI court. His judicial remand was extended to March 5 by the CBI court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11985983", "title": "How bad cholesterol blocks arteries found", "text": "WASHINGTON: Scientists claim to have found how bad cholesterol accumulates in the human blood.A team at the University of New South Wales says that a protein, which directs traffic within cells, is responsible for accumulation of bad cholesterol, a finding which could pave the way for effective treatment for a range of diseases.Rob Yang, who led the team, said, \"Cholesterol is carried around our bloodstream , packaged in particles called lipoproteins.\"Cholesterol from the low-density lipoproteins - also known as bad cholesterol - enters our cells and deposits at different locations through a poorly understoodmaze of transport routes.\" The team found that the protein - Hrs - plays a specific role in directing how and where lowdensity lipoproteins are deposited . They showed how reducing Hrs causes cholesterol to accumulate in endosomes , a cellular compartment usually containing little cholesterol.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11984888", "title": "Gujarat University VC arrested for casteist slur", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Parimal Trivedi became the first vice-chancellor of Gujarat University - the state's largest and oldest university - to be arrested on Tuesday for allegedly making a castiest slur at a lecturer. He appeared before the police's SC/ST cell after which we he was arrested. Trivedi was later given conditional bail by the magistrate. Lecturer Pankaj Shrimali of GLS College had accused Trivedi of making the slur in March 2008. Shrimali was apparently on his way to Trivedi's office when the two met in the lobby and the vice-chancellor allegedly made the slur.The metro court had asked the city police about progress in the case during a hearing in January. The judge had shown his displeasure at the sluggish pace of investigation and asked investigators to present the final report on February 21. Assistant commissioner of police K R Bhuva had been looking for Trivedi since Sunday but both he and his family were not at home. \"He told us he was in Junagadh with his family on holiday and returned on Tuesday as he came to know about the development,\" Bhuva said. According to the conditions of his bail, Trivedi will have to surrender his passport in court, give a bond of Rs 25,000, and remain present whenever called.Bhuva, the investigating officer, had planned to go on a 15-day leave, but the judge disapproved of it. Bhuva gave personal reasons to be absent for leave, which would have delayed the charge sheet. However, the court said that Bhuva could not be excused and would have to table the final report by February 29.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11984209", "title": "At 39.1C, Mumbai experiences hottest Feb day in 46 years", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbai has experienced perhaps the most erratic February in its recorded history. Twelve days after the city experienced the third-lowest temperature in February in its recorded history, on Tuesday the mercury climbed to a scorching 39.1 degrees celsius-the hottest February day in the past decade and possibly in 46 years.By 1.30pm on Tuesday, Santa Cruz recorded a day-time temperature of 39.1 degrees celsius-higher than 37.9 degrees clsius of February 27, 2005. The all-time high day temperature of 39.6 degrees celsius was recorded on February 25, 1966.The weather bureau blamed the easterly winds for the sudden heat. \"It is because of the dry easterly winds, which have been bringing in heat from the land side, that the temperatures have risen so high,\" said Bishwombhar Singh, director, Indian Meteorological Department (IMD), Mumbai.What was worse was the low 14% relative humidity when the temperature was recorded on Tuesday. \"The weather was not only extremely hot, but also dry due to lack of sea breeze,\" Singh said. The maximum temperature at Santa Cruz was seven degrees above normal.While Colaba recorded a maximum temperature of 35.2 degrees celsius (five degrees above normal), the minimum temperatures recorded at Colaba and Santa Cruz were 22.3 and 17.8 degrees celsius, respectively.The MET department has predicted that the city will continue to suffer high temperatures over the next two-three days. \"Temperatures will remain high at least for the next two-three days. However, since the wind direction changed to the north-westerly side from the second half of Tuesday, there is likely to be more relative humidity from Wednesday,\" Singh said.In what may be even more surprising for Mumbaikars, city temperatures may see another dip in the next few days, if the western disturbance causes rainfall in the northern plains of the country. \"A western disturbance is once again affecting Jammu &amp; Kashmir. If there is rainfall in the north because of this activity, temperatures in the city may dip again gradually,\" the IMD chief said.Sizzling Feb dazeYear--- Date-- Temp2012---21--------39.12011---23--------36.52010---28--------37.52009---22--------37.62008---28--------37.62007---02--------37.22006---25--------37.62005---27--------37.92004---23--------37.22003---25--------35.52002---15--------37.0All-Time Record1966--25--39.6*In degree celsius at Santa Cruz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11984917", "title": "Farhan working at fitting into Milkha's shoes", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Farhan Akhtar , who these days is working at perfecting his Punjabi diction and getting under the skin of Milkha Singh's character in his next flick, is now expected to be a frequent visitor to the city in the near future as nearly 45% of the movie \"Bhaag Milkha Bhaag\" is set to be shot in different locales within Chandigarh and across other places in Punjab. The crew of the movie was in city's Post Graduate Government College, Sector 11 on Tuesday to talk about the flick and the preparations going into it.Having donated the invaluable pair of shoes he wore during the Rome Olympics in 1960 for a charity auction in January this year, Flying Sikh Milkha Singh presented the same shoes to Farhan on Tuesday. The shoes were bought during an auction for Rs 24 lakh by director of the upcoming movie, Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra of \"Rang De Basanti\" fame, who was also present at the promotional event at the college.Curious onlookers and students were thrilled to see actor Farhan, Mehra, Milkha Singh and his ace golfer son Jeev Milkh Singh on a stage in a corner of the college where they interacted with the media in a barricaded area.Milkha said, \"I feel deeply hurt that since the 1960 Olympics, India could not produce even a single Milkha out of a population of over a 100 crore. It is my dream that youngsters get inspired to do India proud in athletics after watching this movie.\" He emphasized that it was the sheer magic of hard work that he could emerge a winner at the Olympics.Responding to Milkha's sentiments, Farhan added, \"It is surprising how little our generation knows about the life story of this living legend and how much hard work went into his accomplishment. I would be working hard to do justice to Milkha Singh's role.\"In the backdrop of the play ground where the running tracks were highlighted on Tuesday, Jeev revealed that it was his passion for Hindi movies that made him encourage his father to 'okay' the concept of this movie.\"Whenever I am travelling for golf tournaments across the world, I watch inspiring Hindi movies to boost my morale. I really wanted youngsters to know the life story of my father through a movie. I think nobody would be able to do justice to it better than Rakeysh and his crew,\" said Jeev.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "chitradurga", "code": "11984008", "title": "Realty in Chitradurga: Land prices go north", "text": "CHITRADURGA: The farmers of Nerlagunte, a sleepy hamlet in Challakere taluk, are seeing more visitors these days. \"People from cities come in cars, scouting for land,\" said Gopalappa, a farmer.\"Some people, mostly middlemen, have been enquiring about land. A neighbour sold his land last month for Rs 2 lakh per acre. Just a year ago, the price was Rs 45,000 per acre. We're told that prices will go up further,\" he said.Driving this hope among owners of vast pockets of dry land in Nerlagunte, Kudapura, Doddaullarti and other villages is the proposed Science City at Challakere, where the Indian Institute of Science, Defence Research and Development Organization, Indian Space Research Organization and Bhabha Atomic Research Centre are setting up their divisions on 8,000 acres.The land was transferred to these premier organizations in 2008-09 by the state government. The IISc, which has already set up its talent development centre at Kudapura, is now building a compound wall along 1,500 acres. Work on constructing the peripheral road on the campus has also commenced. A team of experts from IISc visited the site last month and identified space for a solar field on the premises. The organization is earmarking space for other facilities like an observatory, planetarium, school and shopping complex.The DRDO, which has planned its aeronautical test range on 4,000 acres is finalizing tenders for several works. The project, planned and conceived by the Aeronautical Development Establishment in association with DRDO, involves investment of Rs 1,300 in the first phase and expected to be ready by 2016. \"Work has begun on the runway site and the organization has spent about Rs 90 crore,\" said Aditya Biswas, deputy commissioner of Bellary, who was DC of Chitradurga when the Science City project kicked off.\"Barc and Isro will soon commence work,\" he said. While Isro is building an advanced R&D; centre in spacecraft technology, Barc is setting up a rare earth facility and uranium enrichment plant.The Science City may involve an investment of Rs 10,000 crore in initial phases and hopes to attract scientists from across the world. \"It will put Challakere on the world map,\" said Janardhana Swamy, MP from Chitradurga.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "11986410", "title": "5-day mega lok adalat in Lohardaga", "text": "LOHARDAGA: The third five-day mega lok adalat organized by the District Legal Services Authority (DLSA) began on the civil court premises in Lohadaga on Tuesday.District and sessions judge Navneet Kumar inaugurated the adalat and said the 13th Finance Commission has made provisions for timely justice to people. \"We aim to dispose of about 1,000 cases through negotiation that will help to reduce the burden of cases in regular courts. In the first mega lok adalat, 1,500 cases were disposed. In second Lok Adalat, 800 cases were heard and this time, they aim to dispose 1,000 cases.\"We are trying our level-best to benefit the weaker sections of the society focusing on women , disabled and family disputes, including some criminal cases related to land dispute. We are also going through 376 cases that have been recently filed against love birds. They are forced by parents to lodge false cases. In such cases, we are verifying the facts and hope to that some parties will settle down the matter during the ongoing lok adalat,\" said Kumar. DLSA secretary-cum-civil judge P K Chaurasia said the lok adalat on its first day disposed nearly 100 cases, mostly related to banks and mutation disputes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11985675", "title": "BJP-led alliance to be registered on 22nd", "text": "NAGPUR: The BJP-Sena combine has moved a step further in formally capturing power in Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC). BJP has formed the Nagpur Vikas Aghadi (NVA) and some corporators have agreed to be a part of it. The alliance will be registered by Nagpur divisional commissioner on Wednesday. BJP had formed such an alliance in the last regime too.A senior BJP leader said that the NVA would have been registered on Tuesday but as the gazette notification had not been issued it would be done on Wednesday. \"The gazette notification is expected to published today.\"As per the norms, the new body in NMC does not come into existence until the municipal commissioner issues a gazette notification on behalf of the State Election Commission ( SEC). NMC commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal said that he had sent the notification for publication last week but as Monday was a public holiday, it was expected by Tuesday evening.The BJP leader claimed that other than the party-supported independent Ramdas Gudadhe, it had roped in twelve corporators and the number might reach thirteen by evening. However, he refused to disclose the number of corporators who had agreed to join the NVA. The corporators who join the NVA will practically become the members of the BJP-dominated party for five years. BJP's chief ally Shiv Sena will not join NVA.Party sources said that as the registration had been delayed by a day, BJP was utilizing it to persuade more corporators to join NVA instead of supporting its government while retaining their identities.BJP and Shiv Sena have a combined strength of 68 and the thirteen corporators including Gudadhe will take the tally to 81, which is not only enough for forming the government but the standing committee as well. However, BJP national president Nitin Gadkari's aim is to take the tally to 98.BOXBSP might join BJP-SSThere is strong possibility that the Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP), which has twelve corporators, might join the BJP-Sena combine. According to BJP sources, BSP has demanded the post of deputy mayor, chairman of backward classes committee and an annual allocation of Rs a crore backward classes welfare fund for each of its twelve corporators. While the BJP would agree to the last two demands, it will have to persuade Shiv Sena not to demand the deputy mayor's post. Sena had this post in the last regime.BOXBJP aims to take tally to 98BJP's effort to rope in all corporators except those belonging to the Congress and NCP can take the tally to 98 in a house of 145. However, BJP had dominated NMC even more strongly between 1997 and 2002. The BJP-led alliance's strength had reached 107 out of a house of 129 at one time.However, the Congress-led state government started victimizing the BJP government, setting up enquiries and appointing a no-nonsense municipal commissioner. The state government dissolved the NMC House and declared elections. However, this move was struck down by the Nagpur high court and the government survived.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11985957", "title": "Just 3 minutes of exercise a week is key to fitness", "text": "LONDON: Too busy to find time for workouts? Fret not. All you need is just three minutes of exercise every week - it will help you shed the flab, says a new study.British researchers claim that the secret to staying slim is short bursts of intense exercise - known as high-intensity interval training; and, such a session once a week is far more effective at burning fat than slogging away for hours in gym.According to them, high intensity interval training (HIT) triggers the release of fat-burning hormones helping to shift those unwanted love handles. It also moves glucose from blood into muscle-tissue where it's burnt as energy.And vigorous bursts of physical activity also have the effect of killing your appetite , whereas longer workouts can leave you wanting to eat more, the Daily Express reported.This means people keen to lose weight would be less likely to be tempted to snack on unhealthy treats if they ditched the gym and went for a short brisk walk, according to the researchers from Birmingham and Nottingham universities.James Timmons, who is leading the team, said, \"HIT is really good at improving glucose uptake into the muscles in a very, very short time. With really intense exercise, you release hormones that can help break down fat. This may help burn that fat over time, after HIT is done.Experts have welcomed the findings. Martin Gibala, from McMaster University in Ontario, said, \"A growing body of evidence demonstrates that HIT can serve as an effective alternate to traditional endurance- based training. Such findings are important given that lack of time remains the most commonly cited barrier to regular exercise.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11984158", "title": "Civic panel okays 50 cr for sewage treatment", "text": "PUNE: The PMC General Body (GB) on Tuesday sanctioned Rs 50 crore for the sewage treatment project in the city.In 2010, the PMC had drawn up a plan which included setting up of eight sewage treatment plants at a cost of Rs 271.60 crore for 100% sewage treatment to curb pollution of the Mutha river. The civic body plans to seek funds from the Union government for restoration of the river.The project was planned after the then Union environment minister Jairam Ramesh had observed during a visit to the city on June 19 that there was 'visible deterioration' of the Mutha. The minister was in the city for a public consultation on the proposed national green mission initiated by the environment ministry.On Tuesday, the GB gave a green signal to make budgetary provision of Rs 50 crore for the next two year.The plan, to be implemented by the Maharashtra Jeevan Pradhikaran (MJP), has been forwarded to the state government which can also allocate funds to implement the project. The MJP was constituted on January 1, 1997 under the Maharashtra Water Supply and Sewerage Board Act, 1976 for rapid development and proper regulation of water supply and sewage service in the state.The civic body will also seek funds under a scheme of the National River Conservation Directorate (NRCD). Under the scheme, the Union government provides 70% of the total expenditure for setting up of sewage treatment plants.The city generates 9.5 TMC sewage daily. The PMC has seven sewage treatment plants which treat 4.9 TMC sewage every day. At present, work on three new treatment plants is on and once these are ready, the PMC will be able to treat 7.3 TMC sewage per day.This still leaves 2.3 TMC of untreated sewage. To achieve 100% sewage treatment, there is an urgent need to set up new treatment plants.Other pollutants like solid garbage , industrial effluent and construction rubble dumped along the river also affect the condition of the river.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11983247", "title": "Assembly logjam continues", "text": "HYDERABAD: Pandemonium prevailed in the Legislative Assembly even on Tuesday with opposition parties stalling the proceedings and insisting that their respective demands be discussed.TDP and TRS members refused to heed to the repeated requests of Speaker Nadendla Manohar resulting in a logjam in the House. TRS insisted on a resolution in support of the formation of Telangana and demanded withdrawal of cases against agitators who took part in the Sakala Janula Samme. TDP wanted a debate on the nexus between ministers and the liquor syndicate.As soon as the session began, TRS members trooped into the well of the House and surrounded the Speaker's podium demanding a resolution in support of T. With the TDP members adding to the chaos, the Speaker adjourned the House. It resumed proceedings at 12.41 pm after the Speaker convened a business advisory panel meet with the floor leaders of all parties to discuss ways for the smooth conduct of business.But within no time the house was adjourned again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "11986418", "title": "DC sore about poor MGNREGA progress", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Deputy commissioner Manish Ranjan on Tuesday expressed dissatisfaction over the poor progress of schemes taken under the MGNREGA. During a review meeting, he found that the schemes were making slow progress at some places while they were yet to start at other places.Expressing dissatisfaction, he directed all BDOs to visit the panchayats and find out the reasons why the mukhiyas were not taking any interest in implementing the MGNREGA schemes. He asked the BDOs to ensure that the purpose of the MGNREGA was to provide employment to the unemployed persons and prevent them from deserting the villages for urban belt in search of employment. The DC also asked the BDOs to ensure that village women working in the MGNREGA schemes become self-sufficient. He asked the BDOs to create awareness and educate the villagers about the utility of the MGNREGA so that maximum people could get employment. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11985678", "title": "MP Electricity Regulatory Commission to consider objections today", "text": "INDORE: Madhya Pradesh Electricity Regulatory Commission (MPERC) will take up around 100 objections for discussion, over the proposed 25 per cent hike in tariff of electricity by Western Region Power Distribution Company, during the public hearing to be held here on Wednesday.People from various walks of life have objected the proposed power tariff hike and prominent among them who will put forth their views during hearing at Santosh Auditorium are former chief engineer of Chhattishgarh Electricity Board, R S Goel, former financial expert of Western Region Power Distribution Company, R C Somani, general secretary of Indian Water Works Engineers Association, Noor Mohamad Qureshi and president of NGO Vikas Drishti Mitra 2050 Kishor Kodwani.Former chief engineer of Chhattishgarh Electricity Board, R S Goel who will corner the discom over power hike during the hearing, alleged that the company had manipulated the consumption figures and instead of real rise in consumption of 6.83 per cent, it projected a rise of 25 per cent.On this basis, the company has proposed to buy 2,000 millions of additional units of electricity at the cost of Rs 1,261 crore. \"Economy is growing at 5 to 6 per cent but for power discom, the consumption is rising at 25 per cent,\" said Goel adding that proposed hike is unjust.General secretary of Indian Water Works Engineers' Association, Noor Mohammad Qureshi said that company should simplify its billing process.Kishor Kodwani of VikasDrishti Mitra has meanwhile challenged the hearing process itself, saying that rules were flouted in conducting public hearing.Financial expert RC Somani believes that the proposed hike will ruin the municipal corporation.He said, \"If power tariff is hiked as proposed by the company, then it would double the expenses of Indore Municipal Corporation and will severely affect its ability to provide civic amenities to the public.\"They also demanded that chairman of MPRC should be a retired High Court Judge with a fixed term of five years. So that justice can be done to both company and consumers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11985888", "title": "High court rejects petition on BIADA allotment cases", "text": "PATNA: The Patna high court has refused to interfere in the alleged irregularities in allotment of land by the Bihar Industrial Area Development Authority (BIADA) and asked the petitioners to approach the state government with their plea. The court has also directed the state government to take appropriate action in this regard.A division bench comprising Justice T Meena Kumari and Justice Gopal Prasad on Tuesday passed the order on a petition filed by former MLC P K Sinha and others, alleging plots of land were given to the kin of ministers, legislators and bureaucrats at throwaway prices.The issue last year created a storm with the opposition parties disrupting proceedings of the state assembly, demanding a CBI probe into the matter.The government ordered an inquiry by the chief secretary who later gave a probe report, denying any irregularity in the allotments.Sinha and others then moved the high court with their petition alleging that the plots of land were allotted by Bihar Industrial Area Development Authority on the first-come-first-served basis in violation of the established norm of inviting tenders. This caused huge loss to the state exchequer, they alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "vancouver", "code": "11985971", "title": "\u2018Whales, dolphins deserve human rights for their intelligence\u2019", "text": "VANCOUVER: Marine biologists and philosophers have joined forces to support a controversial declaration of rights for whales and dolphins on the grounds that their astonishing intelligence and emotional empathy puts them on a par with humans.Research into the complex behaviour of cetaceans - whales, dolphins and porpoises - is revealing that these sea mammals are so highly evolved and complex in terms of their behaviour that they deserve special protection with a universal bill of rights, they said.Dolphins and whales have complex vocal communications and are able to learn an astonishing variety of behaviours when they come into contact with humans, such as cooperative fishing with native fishermen.The proponents of the bill of rights argue the cetacean mind is so advanced and selfaware that whales and dolphins should be classified as \"non-human persons\" who deserve the right to life, liberty and wellbeing.\"A person needs to be an individual,\" said Tom White, a philosopher at the Hilton Centre for Business in Los Angeles. The captivity of beings of this sort particularly in conditions that would not allow for a decent life is ethically unacceptable, commercial whaling is ethically unacceptable.\"THE INDEPENDENTThe declaration of rights states every individual dolphin , whale and porpoise has the right to life and liberty and not only should they not be killed by hunting, but none should be kept in captivity or servitude or subject to cruel treatment. It states that no cetacean can be the property of any individual or government and calls for the legal protection of their natural environment and a ban on any activity that disrupts their 'cultures'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11986200", "title": "NCTC: PM writes to Naveen Patnaik clarifying Centre's stand", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said on Tuesday the National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC) is part of Intelligence Bureau (IB) and not a separate organization created to infringe on the constitutional powers of states.The Prime Minister in a letter to chief minister Naveen Patnaik clarified the Centre's position on the NCTC in the backdrop of the controversy sparked over the Union ministry of home affairs' February 3 order, which Patnaik and many of his counterparts had strongly opposed. \"In forming the NCTC, it is not the government's intent in any way to affect the basic features of the constitutional provisions and allocation of powers between the states and the Union,\" the Prime Minister said in his letter.Patnaik had written two letters on February 13 and February 20 to the Prime Minister, questioning the Centre's move to go ahead with a sensitive matter like terrorism without taking the states into confidence. He was apprehensive that the NCTC could be used for suspending democratic rights of states. He said terrorism and extremism are required to be fought by the nation 'unitedly' and asked the Prime Minister to 'urgently initiate the process of consultation with the states'. Patnaik also denied charges made in the media by some of the ministers that he was politicizing the issue and maintained that he had 'no intention' to do so.The Prime Minister said, \"The primary purpose of the NCTC is to coordinate counter-terrorism efforts throughout the country, as the IB has been doing so far. It is for this reason that the NCTC has been located within the IB and not as a separate organization.\" He further said in his letter that the \"idea of such a centre has been under consideration by government since the Group of Ministers report of 2001 suggested a Joint Task Force on intelligence and the report was accepted by the government of the day\". \"It was also suggested by the Second Administrative Reforms Commission that a National Centre for Counter Terrorism be established,\" the Prime Minister said.On the functioning of the NCTC, Singh, however, said the home minister will discuss it with the chief ministers of states. \"I have noted your concerns about the manner in which the NCTC will function and am asking the home minister to address them suitably, in consultation with you and other chief ministers\", the PM said in his letter to Naveen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11983295", "title": "Unregistered children's homes, orphanages to attract penal provisions", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a bid to bring unregistered children's homes and orphanages under the scanner, the women and child development (WCD) ministry is planning to introduce penal provisions if an institution is found unregistered. The penalty could attract one year in imprisonment, and Rs 50,000 as fine.The issue gains significance as it comes on the back of revelations that employees of a Delhi orphanage sexually abused children kept in their care and protection. Arya Anthalaya is an unregistered institution but despite that it received substantial government funding for the care and protection of orphans.WCD minister Krishna Tirath said, \"We are concerned over the rampant manner in which institutions that are expected to provide care and protection to children in distress are running. We are planning to amend the Juvenile Justice (JJ) Act to include penal provisions for non-registration of such institutions.\"The ministry has set up a committee under its additional secretary to review the JJ Act a couple of months ago. The amendments are part of the report that is likely to be finalized soon. The panel is also considering a mechanism to monitor the homes centrally although the final responsibility for implementation is with state government.Child rights' activists have been alarmed at the increasing number of cases of child exploitation that have come to light in recent months. In a meeting on Monday they had demanded licencing of institutions and their monitoring to come under the purview of the child welfare committee.Referring to the Arya Anthalaya case, social activist and former chairperson of Delhi's Child Welfare Committee Bharti Sharma said that children were all victims of an atmosphere of suppression and required intervention. She added, \"The JJ Act is weak and needs to be strengthened to ensure that the implementation is child friendly.\"Child rights' activists have also demanded that the management of institutions and not just employees be held responsible for cases of abuse reported. They also demanded that a list of homes and institutions housing children in Delhi, and their status be made public.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11986499", "title": "Sun warms cockles of residents' heart", "text": "LUDHIANA: With every passing day, it is becoming difficult for residents to gauge what the weather will be like on any given day. Days after playing hide and seek, sun shone generously on Tuesday and warmed up the city throughout the day. But it was not before 10am that the sun came out, till then the weather in the morning was cold. But once out, the sun kept the rest of the day very warm. Says Rajguru Nagar resident, 43-year-old M M Rana, who is in a private job, \"The past few days were cold. But on Tuesday as the sun came out, the day was warm and remained so throughout the rest of the day. I hope temperature goes up a bit as winters have overlived their period.\"Another resident of BRS Nagar, Rajkumar, a real estate advisor, says, \"In the morning, drizzle lashed the city after which the sun came out and stayed so till evening, which resulted in increase in temperature. The temperature during the last few days was low but Tuesday was different. I enjoyed basking under the sun.\"Aggar Nagar resident Charul Chowdhry, 34, who runs Cherry Lane School at BRS Nagar, says \"After days of chill, it was a good change in weather on Tuesday with sun shining brightly. We witnessed good attendance of students in school. Normally to avoid cold, we have to keep the students in the rooms but since the sun was out today, we took them out to play.Along with her daughter Vanya, 10, she goes for evening walk almost every day but had given it a break for some time during the chill. On Tuesday, she resumed her walk.As per the met department, the maximum and minimum temperature on Tuesday was 24.8 degrees celsius and 11 degrees celsius respectively whereas on Monday the maximum and minimum temperatures were 21.3 degrees celsius and 10.1 degrees celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11985787", "title": "HC orders notice to police on woman's harassment petition", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court on Tuesday ordered notice to police authorities in Tuticorin district on a petition filed by a woman seeking a sum of Rs 10 lakh for being harassed by police officers in connivance with her estranged husband.Justice K K Sasidharan gave the directive on a petition filed by Muthuselvi Kandasamy who got married to Muthukrishnan Subbiah in 1999. According to Muthuselvi, immediately after marriage, she went to US along with Muthukrishnan. The couple had two children, aged 10 years and 8 years presently. She alleged that her husband used to harass her, both physically and mentally. But as she did not have any relative or friend there, she kept mum. On November 2, 2004 she gave birth to her second child, but the harassment continued. On October 2, 2006, she sustained a head injury and based on information given by the manager of apartment where they were residing, a case was registered against her husband.But in order to escape the law in the US, her husband sent her to India. This preventing her from giving evidence against him in the said case, she said. After a few months, she was forced by her husband to return to the US. But he did not curtail the harassment she was left with no other option but to return to India on May 21, 2007 along with her children.Muthuselvi said that her husband would frequently come to Tuticorin and abuse her in filthy language at her house, where she stayed alone with her children. Her husband also started preferring complaints against her with police, using his clout, she alleged. She was indiscriminately asked to appear before ASP Sonal Chandra, Veemaraj, Gurunathan and Thangavalli, inspectors of different police stations for enquiry and was repeatedly asked if she was having any illicit relationship, thereby intruding into her privacy.\"The act of the police officers in collusion with my husband has been causing severe mental agony, depression and loss of my reputation. I am living under severe trauma and there is a threat to my life and that of my children,\" Muthuselvi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11985281", "title": "EC \u2018satisfied\u2019 with Jayant\u2019s reply, lets off", "text": "LUCKNOW: Rashtriya Lok Dal (RLD) leader Jayant Chaudhary was let off the hook by the district election authorities in Mathura on Tuesday, a day after he was caught on camera accepting money from a party worker at an election rally in Goverdhan constituency of Mathura. Election authorities had served a notice to Chaudhary on charges of violating the model code of conduct.Additional officer (election), Govardhan, Rekha S Chauhan confirmed that the RLD leader's reply to the notice was found to be satisfactory. \"The reply has been found to be satisfactory. It will forwarded to the Election Commission soon,\" Chauhan told TOI.But even as the RLD leader got a reprieve, the fact remains that the top leadership of the Congress-RLD combine has received maximum notices from the ECI on charges of violating model code.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11986204", "title": "First batch of students from govt science institute clinch handsome global offers", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The first batch of students of the Union government-run National Institute of Science Education and Research (NISER) here, who will pass out in June this year, seem to be spoilt for choice for career options.While around 10 out of 39 students have multiple offers to join PhDs in renowned universities outside the country, 22 students have the option of joining Bhaba Atomic Research Centre and other institutes of the Department of Atomic Energy ( DAE). Fifteen students have qualified the written test of Tata Institute of Fundamental Research, the interview of which is scheduled towards February end. These include seven students in biology, four in chemistry, three in physics and one in mathematics.Mahima Sneha, an MSc chemistry student, has research offers from the highly-rated Stanford University , Yale University and The University of Utah , with an annual scholarship offer of US $ 25,000 to US $ 32,000 (Rs 12 lakh to Rs 15 lakh), besides complete tuition fee waiver of around US $ 13,000. \"I am thinking of joining Stanford University,\" said Sneha, who hails from Ghaziabad in Uttar Pradesh. Sneha had joined NISER after her class 12 in a Navodaya Vidyalaya in UP.A mathematics student, Ashis K Pandey, has similar offers from Cornell University and Berlin School of Mathematics. In physics, Aditya Kuchi Birla has got offers from University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign (UIUC), while Riju Banerjee has an offer from Pennsylvania State University . Two biology students, Alok Nanda Ray and Aaram K Kumar, have been short-listed by Georgia Institute of Technology .NISER director T K Chandrasekhar described the response as overwhelming. \"Our students are getting offers from the best universities in the world. Many more offers may come their way by the time they graduate in June,\" he said. Chandrasekhar said except for three to four students, who will have to clear their backlog, all others will get lucrative offers by the time they pass out in another four months' time.Institute registrar Dr Abhaya Kumar Naik said interview results of students with several universities are still awaited. Many of these universities conduct their interview in June, by when all the graduating students will have more than one offer in hand, he added.There are 26 boys and 13 girls in the first batch of 39 students for the integrated MSC in the DAE-run autonomous institute. These include six boys and five girls in chemistry, nine boys and five girls in biology, 10 boys and two girls in physics and one boy and one girl in mathematics. The students will appear their last semester examination in May. \"We are planning the first convocation in June,\" Naik said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11986018", "title": "4 held for highway robbery", "text": "CHENNAI: A four-member gang waylaid a lorry on Sunday, attacking the driver and the cleaner with chilly powder and tying them up, and attempted to get away with 2.4 lakh. The robbers pushed the driver and cleaner into a ditch on the side of the road. A highways patrol team nabbed the culprits near Ulundur after chasing them for 12 km on the Chennai-Trichy national highway.The cops were alerted by a passer-by who saw the robbers shift a bundle from the lorry to a car. The highways patrol team arrested the men and seized their car and a knife and rod that they had used against the victims. The police recovered the cash that the accused had taken.In a case registered against the accused by the Tiruvennainallur police, they were also charged with damaging the lorry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11986392", "title": "Drugging, robbing gang busted, two held", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Sleuths of Government Railway Police, Allahabad on Tuesday claimed to have busted an inter-district gang involved in drugging and robbing and arrested two of its key members near platform no 1 when they were plotting to escape from the city.The police have seized stolen articles, cash, mobiles and one Kg toxic power fromtheir possession. The arrested persons were identified as Raj bahadur soni and Sant Lal, both residents of pratapgarh district. Inspector, GRP, Devendra Mishra told TOI that the duo Raj Bahadur and Sant Lal were wanted by police of Kanpur, Rai Baraeilly, Pratapgarh and Lucknow as they had executed over three dozen drugging and robbing incidents on Allahabad-Delhi route.Mishra added that the duo used to travel from Pratapgarh to Allahabad on their two wheeler and later park the bike at parking area (railway station). After parking the bike, they used to identify the gullible victims and purchase tickets for delhi. The modus operandi is simple. Once they were successful in offering eatables or drinks laced with toxic substance, they further step down at any railway station between Kanpur and Delhi and return to Allahabad with looted booty.The miscreants had too hired a rented accommodation in city area with an intention to hide the looted articles. As their activities could not come under police scanner, they used to return to Pratapgarh by their bike and next day, they follow the same modus operandi.Inspector added that looted articles of three incidents - that were executed at Kanpur, Delhi and Allahabad railway station - were also recovered from their possession. The police have been verifying the status of the two wheeler recovered from the possession of the zehar khurans whether it was their own or they had stolen it from somewhere. The two wheeler had no proper registration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11986176", "title": "Dearth of PhDs: Mumbai university to focus more on research", "text": "MUMBAI: In order to boost research activities in the varsity and affiliated colleges, Mumbai University is trying out several measures. The commerce facility, in particular, has been clearing pending research proposals and conducting workshops to encourage teachers to take up guideship in their respective fields of specialization.The research and recognition committee (RRC) for commerce has been clearing proposals. \"There were pending proposals for more than a year on research topics. Now, we have been clearing at least 10-15 proposals in every meeting,\" said Madhu Nair, dean of commerce, MU.The university is also working on the supply and demand aspect. \"There is a dearth of PhD guides in the university. Commerce has around 44 guides, exclusive of management guides. We are now holding workshops to explain to teachers the procedure to get their papers published. We are also training them in writing papers. A PhD holder is given guideship on basis of the number of papers they have published in their names,\" said Nair.He added that the commerce department is attempting to increase the number of guides to 100 soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11985760", "title": "Two women relieved of gold chain", "text": "PATNA: Motorcycle-borne criminals snatched the gold chains of two women in separate incidents in the state capital on Tuesday.In the first incident at Bhagwatnagar under Agamkuan police station, four youths riding two motorcycles snatched the gold chain of Swati Devi when she was on way to her residence at Pharmaceutical Colony after picking her daughter from school at around 2pm.SDPO, Patna City, Sushil Kumar said the victim has lodged a written complaint with the police station concerned in this connection. Raids were on to arrest those involved in the incident, he added.In another incident at Road number 5 in Police Colony in Anisabad locality under Gardanibagh police station, motorcycle-borne criminals snatched gold chain from one Suman Devi, daughter in-law of a retired police officer, when she was on way to her residence in Police Colony after seeing off her daughter to school by bus around 6.55am.Gardanibagh police station SHO NN Shukla said the victim has lodged a named FIR accusing Manish Kumar, son of a retired BDO, and one Mithu Kumar in this connection.Man kills self: Driver of a private firm, Mahendra Sao (60), committed suicide at his residence behind CDA Colony under Gandhi Maidan police station late on Monday night. Sao hanged himself with the help of a rope with the ceiling fan.DSP (Town) Ramakant said that no suicide note was recovered from the room. Autopsy report has confirmed suicide.Loot bid foiled: A loot bid was foiled on Tuesday at the house of a PMCH doctor, Dr Surendra Prasad Singh, at P C Colony in Kankarbagh. Police said two persons forcibly entered the house when his wife was alone. As the lady resisted the looters, they started beating her up, on which she raised alarm. As the neighbours started gathering, the looters took to heels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11985646", "title": "A deal with shades of black and white", "text": "NAGPUR: A trio of prominent businessmen from the city have reaped a windfall gain, estimated to be around Rs 280 crore, by offloading their joint stake in a steel plant venture at Chandrapur. The assets of the company that changed hands include a couple of captive coal blocks, which reportedly got a major chunk of valuation in the entire deal.The transaction is within the legal framework, but it has raised eyebrows in business and political circles, since the coal blocks allotted to BS Ispat by government for its own use have been transferred for a profit. This is being termed as yet another instance of business houses taking advantage of loopholes in the earlier coal block allotment policy.Sources say that the high transfer price is actually paid for the mines rather than the steel plant itself. Typically, as also seen in earlier cases, the blocks continue to remain in the old company's name, even as the owners change. Selling the stake does not dissolve the old corporate entity.BS Ispat Limited is promoted by Govind Daga, Mohan Agrawal and Nandkishore Sarda. They sold their entire stake last month to Orissa-based OCL Iron and Steel Company Limited. The plant and mines were run for little over a year before the stake sale.Incidentally, from this year onwards a system of auction has been put in place to allot coal blocks. Before this, blocks were allotted on the merits of the project. All the firm had to pay for was the geological data, which is a miniscule amount as compared to the worth of mineral resources it got. Although getting clearances and acquiring land was to be done by the private party, sources in the business say this is still a very small portion of the total project cost. BS Ispat is reported to have paid Rs 6 crore for the data.The promoters though not wishing to come on record said they have pumped in Rs 100 crore into the project. The trio, which is keeping the whole affair as a closely guarded secret, refused to divulge the amount realized in the deal.Markets sources however say that around Rs 380 crore have changed hands in the transaction. There are some lower estimates, pegging the deal at a still substantial Rs 200 crore. So, with Rs 100 crore invested the profits come at 180% at the higher figure, while even for Rs 200 crore it is still a 100% profit in the bargain.BJP MP from Chandrapur Hansraj Ahir told TOI that the episode only reflects flaws in the system of coal blocks allotment. Ahir said he has often raised a voice against such stake transfers. Following a parliamentary question, he was told that officially no such case had come to the fore, but the government promised to initiate action if any instance was pointed out.\"BS Ispat is the third company in which promoters have profited by transferring coal blocks to a fresh promoter, but the coal ministry continues to turn a blind eye,\" said Ahir. He demanded that all such blocks transferred to new owners should be taken back and sold again through competitive bidding.A director in the ministry of coal, who did not wish to be named, told TOI that earlier there were no specific conditions related to transfer of coal block allotted to a firm. \"The only objective of the government is to see that the coal is mined for industrial purpose, no matter who does it,\" he said.However, sources in the business said on condition of anonymity that sale of stakes in a company with coal blocks means massive profit for the original promoter. Though allottees have to spend on acquiring land and setting up the manufacturing plant, such stake sales still give huge profits, especially when blocks are allotted at a pittance.\"It shows that promoters were basically only keen on selling off the project, including the mines, at a premium. The project was started around a couple of years ago, but abruptly sold off,\" said a local businessman, who is also a close acquaintance of the trio.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11983429", "title": "30 new corporators face criminal cases", "text": "MUMBAI: The civic body is set to get a new house, but apparently not a very clean one. Some of the newly elected corporators' education qualifications may also come as a disappointment.Going by an analysis of 183 out of 227 winners' affidavits of their assets and criminal backgrounds by an NGO, Mumbai Election Watch (MEW), 30 (16%) winners have criminal cases recorded against them, with 11 (6%) of them being charged with serious offences like theft, extortion, bribery and attempt to murder. The figure is much higher than that recorded during the 2007 polls when merely 3% of the contestants admitted to having criminal records or cases pending against them.Not all of the 227 corporators elected have a clean slate to start with, as muscle and money power continue to remain permanent fixtures in the civic body.TOI vetted the affidavits of the 189 corporators to ascertain their educational qualifications and found that 45% had studied till Class X and less, and only one in three were graduates.An analysis of the 183 winners' affidavits by MEW shows that a total of 30 winners (16%) have declared criminal cases against them with 11 winners (6%) of these having serious pending criminal cases like theft, extortion, bribery, attempt to murder. This is higher than the 2007 poll when 3% of the contestants admitted to having a criminal record or pending cases against them.Of the 183 corporators studied, Shiv Sena (SS) has (4 of 59 corporators), Maharashtra Navnirman Sena MNS (2 of 26 corporators) and Congress has (3 of 38 corporators) of the 183 winners.\"While filing nomination forms, candidates were supposed to disclose pending criminal cases registered against them. The Representation of People Act (RPA) prescribes that if they are convicted of any crime, they cannot contest, but if the cases are still pending they can go ahead. However, the law requires them to disclose all the pending criminal cases on sworn affidavits. We have made translations based on the CrPC handbook,\" said Ajit Ranade of MEW and the Association of Democratic Reforms (ADR).While 7% of the 183 corporators have not declared their permanent account number (PAN), the study indicates that some of the winners have lakhs or crores of rupees in assets, with 69 (38%) out of 183 winners being crorepatis. In fact, 28% of Sena's candidates have assets in crores and in Congress, the figure is 25%. The average worth of per winner candidate from the Congress is Rs 3 crore, NCP Rs 2 crore and from Shiv Sena, BJP and the MNS, it is Rs 1 crore each. But seven out of the 183 have assets below Rs 1 lakh. MEW's study says Brian Francis Miranda from the Congress is one of the richest corporators; the candidate from Kalina Village has movable and immovable assests worth Rs 43 crore with three criminal cases against him. When contacted by TOI, Miranda confirmed it.As far as, education was concerned, TOI found that 45% of the 189 corporators had studied till Class X or not even that, and only one in three were graduates. But the qualification scene was not altogether dismal, with the corporation being peppered with several number of professionals, with at least five lawyers and five doctors. At Ward R North, which covers Dahisar, Mandapeshwar and Magathane, six out of seven corporators are graduates and some of them have professional degrees such as in medicine and architecture.But experts say though education does enhance a corporator's ability, formal education may not always be the best yardstick to judge his/her capabilities. \"Education matters, but it is not as important as the middle-class feels it should be for running the corporation. Corporators must understand the local problems and the steps to be taken to mitigate such problems,\" said former municipal commissioner D M Sukhtankar. Formal literacy may be essential to grasp the rules and regulations of the corporation, most political parties hold training and orientation workshops for their corporators to learn the basic ropes of the BMC.(With inputs by Madhavi Rajadhyaksha)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11984178", "title": "Avinash Bagwe, 5 others held, released by court", "text": "PUNE: Newly-elected corporator Avinash Bagwe (35), and five other people were arrested by the Khadak police on Tuesday for obstructing the police in the performance of their duty on polling day, February 16.The others arrested were Vitthal Thorat (54), Dayanand Adagale (36), Mahadev Waghmare (65), Bugappa Dhangar (25) and Yusuf Shaikh (41). All six were produced in court and released on a personal surety of Rs 15,000 each.The trouble between Bagwe, son of Congress MLA Ramesh Bagwe, and the police occurred at Rajiv Gandhi Complex at Kasewadi after candidates contesting against him alerted the police control room and said Bagwe was exerting pressure on voters to cast votes in his favour.For the civic elections, the Pune Municipal Corporation had set up three polling booths inside the Rajiv Gandhi complex, which was built when Ramesh Bagwe was minister of state for home. Rival candidates demanded the booths be shifted as they thought Bagwe would influence voters residing in the complex and neighbouring places. The PMC did shift one of the booths, but on the same premises. It was covered with tin sheets and an entrance was provided at the rear, so that residents of the complex could not play a role in influencing the voters.On polling day, rival candidates complained that Bagwe, whose office is in the complex, was using coercive methods to influence the voters. Election commission rules state a candidate should not be within a 100-metre radius of a polling centre. He was requested to leave his office but this gave rise to an altercation. The situation became tense after Bagwe's supporters started gathering in the area. Assistant commissioner of police Ranjit Dhure rushed to the spot and took Bagwe out of the complex.Police inspector Sandipan Sawant of the Khadak police station had registered the complaint against Bagwe and his supporters in this regard.Pune : The Khadak police on Tuesday arrested newly elected corporator Avinash Bagwe (35) - son of Congress MLA Ramesh Bagwe, and five others for obstructing policemen from performing duty on the day of polling for civic elections on February 16.Along with Bagwe, the police arrested his supporters identified as Vitthal Thorat (54), Dayanand Adagale (36), Mahadev Waghmare (65), Bugappa Dhangar (25) and Yusuf Shaikh (41). All the suspects were produced before the court and released on personal surety of Rs 15,000 each.On the day of polling, on February 16, trouble started between Bagwe and the police at Rajiv Gandhi Complex at Kasewadi after other candidates contesting against him alerted the police control room that Bagwe was trying to exert pressure on voters to cast votes in his favour.The Pune Municipal Corporation had set up three polling booths inside the Rajiv Gandhi complex, which was built during the tenure of Ramesh Bagwe as minister of state for home. The rival candidates registered their objections demanding to shift the booths to a nearby school to ensure free and fair election as they suspected that Bagwe will influence the voters residing in the complex and neighbouring places. PMC later shifted one of the booths, but in the same premises, covered it with tin sheets and provided an entrance to the voters from the rear side as a preventive measure so that the residents of the complex do not play a role in influencing the voters.On the polling day the rival candidates started complaining that Bagwe was allegedly using coercive methods for influencing voters. The situation became tense after supporters of Bagwe started assembling. Assistant commissioner of police Ranjit Dhure rushed to the spot and took Bagwe out of the 100 meter radius of the polling booth.The police inspector of Khadak police station Sandipan Sawant had registered the complaint against Bagwe and his supporters in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11984647", "title": "BHU suspends prof on charges of sexual harassment", "text": "VARANASI: Taking a serious note of the alleged sexual harassment of a medico, the Banaras Hindu University (BHU) administration suspended senior professor and dean of Faculty of Medicine, Institute of Medical Sciences ( IMS), BD Bhatia on Monday.\"The action was taken after the report of the inquiry committee constituted by the university. However, the inquiry under the central services rules is in progress and further course of action will be taken after its completion,\" BHU spokesperson Rajesh Singh told TOI on Tuesday.It may be mentioned here that a female medico had given a complaint of sexual harassment against Bhatia in January. The medicos and members of the student council had staged a demonstration and gone on strike demanding action against him. Taking the seriousness of the matter, the varsity administration removed the deanship of BD Bhatia. An inquiry committee was set up to investigate the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11983257", "title": "Poll code halts TNGO strike", "text": "HYDERABAD: Telangana NGOs are caught in a dilemma whether to go ahead with the proposed agitational programme or wait till the bypolls in the region are completed. With the election model code in place for the March 18 bypolls, government employees are barred from taking part in any agitation.The TNGO association had served a strike notice to the chief secretary on February 10 demanding that the government take steps to honour the promises it made during the Sakala Janula Samme (SJS) last year. \"As per the code of conduct, the employees should not participate in any protest or agitation against the government. It would be viewed as unconstitutional and the State Election Commission (SEC) can take action against the erring staff,\" said sources.Fearing the SEC wrath, the leaders called off their plan to hold lunch-hour protests on Tuesday. \"Most of our association members are teachers and class IV employees. If the SEC recommends action for violating the model code, the state government is obliged to take action against the staff,\" pointed out a senior leader of TNGO's Joint Action Committee.K Swamy Goud, TNGO president, had announced a phased agitation programme from Tuesday. In the first phase, four lakh government employees were supposed to hold lunch-hour protests in offices and start a 'work-to-rule' protest on their office premises from March 5. The employees had even threatened that if the government failed to take steps by March 19, they would go ahead with the 'Chalo Hyderabad' programme on March 20.Though some of the employees are firm on going ahead with the proposed agitation, leaders are cautioning against any hasty action. \"After waiting for a fortnight to take up the agitation programme in a big way, TNGOs are now confused on the future course of action,\" sources said. The Telangana movement is concentrated mostly in Karimnagar, Warangal, Adilabad and Nizamabd districts and some of the staff in these districts have already expressed their willingness to take up election duty.\"Our employees are being subjected to harassment for taking part in the strike over separate Telangana demand. The strike period has not been regularized till now and because of which several employees have lost an opportunity to get promotions,\" Swamy Goud lamented.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11985066", "title": "Poll code conduct not to hamper ongoing work on Kochi Metro", "text": "KOCHI: Setting aside apprehensions that the code of conduct that came into force as part of Piravom bypoll would hamstring development projects, the district authorities stated that all ongoing projects would be on track. Senior officials informed that the code of conduct would not affect ongoing projects, though it puts restrictions on declaring new projects and policy related matters.Speaking on the issue of proceeding with land acquisition for Kochi Metro, deputy collector, land acquisition, Mohandas Pillai said the department will go ahead with it. He said that this is not a new project and hence there are no restrictions on moving forward with the plans. \"The land acquisition for Kochi Metro is going on at M G Road, Banerjee Road, Jos Junction and near Salim Rajan ROB,\" he said.He added that the department is holding further discussions with land owners on M G Road to reach an agreement on land value. \"If talks fail, we will go ahead with the clauses specified in the Land Acquisition Act,\" he said. Meanwhile, abiding by the norms of the election commission, Kochi Corporation deferred the decision on major policy related matters. At a special council meeting convened on Saturday, mayor Tony Chammany informed that the council could not discuss the agenda because of the code of conduct. The corporation has also informed that the budget for the next fiscal will be presented only after the presentation of state budget.Earlier, while announcing the bypoll, chief electoral officer, Nalini Netto had stated that the code of conduct would be applicable to Ernakulam district where the Piravom constituency is located.Projects on trackLand acquisition for Kochi metro and Amballur electronic parkDiscussions on waste disposalRoad projects that are approvedCity main project of KSEB", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11984909", "title": "Cops shunted in Kolkata car-rape case", "text": "KOLKATA: Departmental action has been initiated against two sub-inspectors of Park Street police station - including the investigating officer - following the car-rape victim's complaint that they had misbehaved with her inside the police station.Senior officers hinted on Tuesday that similar action will be initiated against the officer-in charge of the police station.City police chief R K Pachnanda had set up an inquiry committee headed by joint commissioner (traffic) Supratim Sarkar to probe the victim's allegation against the policemen. On Monday, after examining all the accused officers and the complainant, Sarkar submitted an initial report. His findings suggest that the woman's complaint cannot be dismissed, say sources.Following his report, the accused sub-inspectors Saikat Niyogi and Manish Singh have been \"closed.\" Which means they have been taken off active policing and they will have to report at their respective district reserve office. Singh was the investigating officer in the case.Deputy commissioner (south) D P Singh confirmed the officers had been relieved but refused to disclose any more about the departmental action.A senior officer, however, hinted that the accused officers have been removed from their police station for the sake of fair investigation. They will be kept out of active policing till the end of the departmental inquiry say sources.When news of the rape exploded in the media, the victim alleged that sub-inspector Saikat Niyogi taunted her and tried to malign her character when she had gone to Park Street police station on February 14 - eight days after the rape - to check on the stratus of her complaint.She said she was waiting in the officers' room when Niyogi and Singh passed some snide remarks at her. She also alleged that the Park Street OC Md Kalimuddin asked her some 'awkward questions' in the name of investigation that hurt her modesty.\"He wondered how one could be raped in a moving car and even asked me to explain in what posture I was raped,\" alleged the victim.The probe report says that the inquiry team has no tell tale evidence against the accused officers as there was no CCTV either in the officer's room or the OC's chamber. The report was prepared on the basis of the basic examination of the accused officers, say sources.To reach a conclusion the inquiry team has asked for more time and suggested that the accused officers be relieved till the end of the probe. The remarks of the inquiry committee, however, suggests that OC Kalimuddin may have to face the heat like his superiors and he may even be removed from Park Street police station. Senior officers who are conducting the probe do not rule out the possibility. Supratim Sarkar said, \"I have submitted the report to commissioner of police. The inquiry is on.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11984080", "title": "Six flesh traders held for killing 3 in Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: Six persons have been arrested for allegedly running a thriving prostitution racket. Over the last two years, they'd killed three associates following differences over sharing of the spoils.Lethal weapons, including an electric cable used to commit the murders, have been recovered from the culprits. A chance arrest of four persons who were moving suspiciously at Shettyhalli near Peena on February 7 led to the unearthing of the racket. The arrested were SK Parameshwara Gowda alias Girish, 28, from Bylappa Circle in T Dasarahalli; NK Umesh, 23, Andhrahalli; HM Mahesh alias Toli Mahesh, 23, of Pipeline Road in T Dasarahalli; C Nagesh, 23, of Abbigere Cross in Nanje Gowda Extension.The two others arrested later were Chalapathy alias Reddy, 24, of Vidyaranyapura and Raju, 22, of Manorayanapalya.The six gangsters brought young girls to the city and pushed them into the flesh trade. They first hacked to death their accomplice, Srinivas, an auto driver from Kunigal. Srinivas, in charge of ferrying women in his vehicle, was murdered in Chalapathy's house near Vidyaranyapura in November 2010. The gangsters later dumped the body in Hemavathy canal, Hassan district.On November 14, 2010, Srinivas'wife lodged a police complaint but there was no breakthrough in the case. The gangsters murdered another accomplice, Umesh, 24, as he refused to part with jewellery and cash the gang had looted from a couple.On December 5, 2011, Umesh was strangled to death. The body was dumped in Hemavathy canal. The gangsters killed another accomplice, Madhu, 28, from Hassan district on February 5. His body was burnt in a forest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "11985046", "title": "Toy train gets more popular", "text": "PANCHKULA: Foreigners and local tourists in large numbers are opting for the Kalka-Shimla toy train services nowadays. The officials say that they expect the number of tourists to rise further once the exam days of the students are over after March.Station superintendent at Kalka railway station V K Arora said, \"The recent two trips to Shimla on February 16 and 18 witnessed around 40 foreigners each, and the seats for local tourists were almost completely booked. The response to the toy trains has been comparatively better this time.\" Resident of Sector 21, Geetika Bhalla, said, \"We need to get the bookings done soon or we not get a chance to travel by the toy train. I am just waiting for my son's exams to get over.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11984744", "title": "HC steps in for traffic management in state", "text": "PANAJI: The high court of Bombay at Goa on Tuesday suo motu sought a reply from the government as to what steps have been taken to correct traffic management in the state. This came in view of the recent media reports regarding the Calvim bus tragedy.Taking cognizance of the matter, a division bench comprising chief justice Mohit Shah and justice FM Reis issued notices to the transport director, SP traffic, transport secretary, both district collectors and Kadamba Transport Corporation.The court also appointed advocate Mahesh Sonak, as amicus curiae in the petition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11986389", "title": "Jatropha plantation can now be undertaken on community wastelands", "text": "ALLAHABAD: When it comes to proper utilization of the wastelands, the land of Basehara, and Mahulikala gram panchayats of the district have yielded rich dividend as fruiting of Jatropha (biodiesel) plantation can be witnessed. In fact, Jatropa plantation has currently been undertaken on community lands of Basehara, Siryari, Mahuli, Gadiya, Murlipur, Bhaundar Khurd, Masoli and Goraiya gram panchayats under the Jeevan Jyoti project.The plantation is being carried out by gram panchayats and Bharat Renewal Energy Limited (BREL ) is here acting as facilitator for technological support for plantation. The plantation is carried out under the scheme of Jeevan Joyti Pariyojna under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarante Act (MNREGA), utilising the wastelands in rural areas under ownership of local panchayats.Around 330 acres of wastelands under gram sabhas have been currently used for plantation of jatropha or Pongamia Pinnata under MNREGA in 33 districts of the state. The BREL is facilitating the entire process working in coordination with district administration and village panchayats.District magistrate, Alok Kumar maintained that the Jeevan Jyoti Project has been taken up for implementation in the district in right earnest. This project involves jatropha plantation on gram sabha wastelands, utilising funds and labour under MNREGA. In the same regard, nurseries were set up by the forest and horticulture departments to grow jatropha saplings. The project is beneficial to the villagers as it provides them employment in their own village, uses their wastelands productively and the jatropha produce gives additional earning to the village through marketing of jatropha seeds for biodiesel production.The project envisages biodiesel crop production on gram sabha wastelands with jatropha and Pongamia Pinnata (locally known as karanj). Karanj, another biofuel crop, would be planted only in waterlogged areas as jatropha can not be cultivated on such lands. Of the two, jatropha is the preferred crop as it is a shrub with lesser gestation period, gives synchronous flowering (flowering at the same time) and hence the seeds are easier to harvest and market. Karanj, on the other hand, is a TBOS (Tree Born Oil Species) with asynchronous flowering which are difficult to harvest, informed the officials.The price of seeds of these bio-fuel crops have been decided on the basis of the Minimum Support Price (MSP). Officials added that Jatropha offers numerous other uses apart from the seed yield that begins from the third year of plantation. Being bitter in taste, animals do not graze on it leading to better survival. Thus it can be used as a biofence, even against the dreaded menace of Neelgais (blue bulls). Then the branches of jatropha plant can be pruned and used as firewood!Jatropha should be planted during the monsoon season between 15 July and 15 October. BREL would be taking technical help, like selection of saplings and manner of plantation, from Bio Energy Mission (BEM) department of the UP government. The project is also underway in Pardva, Chandra Mara gram panchayats of the Chitrakoot district. In Chitrakoot, 148 acres of land has been identified for the purpose and work is being carried out by BREL functionaries jointly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11984105", "title": "HC rap for Clean-Up marshals", "text": "MUMBAI: \"You'll put people in jail also,\" the Bombay High Court said on Tuesday in response to a complaint by Clean-Up marshals that they were being restrained from collecting fines from offenders.A division bench of Justice Sharad Bobde and Justice Ramesh Dhanuka was hearing a petition filed by an association of ready-mix concrete truck owners, alleging that Clean-Up marshals appointed by Sulabh Security were detaining its vehicles and releasing them on the payment of a Rs 10,000 fine for littering roads with mud.On February 7, the judges had questioned under what powers had the BMC allowed a private party to collect fines; it had orally directed that no fines should be collected till the next hearing.Advocate Sunil Dighe, appearing for two intervener security agencies, said the BMC had directed them to stop collecting fines following the court order. \"The burden is on the private agencies. We cannot collect fines from the defaulters,'' he added.BMC's advocates Ashutosh Kumbhakoni and Jernold Xavier said the agencies might be permitted to collect fines and the amount should be deposited in court. \"If fines are not collected, it will lead to littering,\" argued Kumbhakoni.The judges reiterated it was for the BMC to collect fines and not private parties. \"We are equally concerned about cleanliness. That does not mean you (BMC) authorize private persons to collect fines,\" said Justice Bobde. \"You'll (marshals) put people in jail also. Once you have the power to punish people, there is no end to punishment.\" The matter was adjourned by a week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11983949", "title": "Green signal for Metro's Phase II", "text": "BANGALORE: The government on Tuesday gave in-principle approval for Phase II of the Metro, with four extension lines of Phase 1 and two new ones. This will be implemented at the cost of Rs 26,405.14 crore over five years; the project is expected to be completed by 2017-18.The detailed project report (DPR) for Phase II has been prepared by Delhi Metro Rail Corporation and updated by Bangalore Metro Rail Corporation (BMRC). The government has approved the proposition of exploring PPP models for raising funds. The cess will be shared by BMRC and other civic agencies.Citizens can look forward to travelling from one end of the city to the other in less than an hour if Phases I and II are completed by 2017. Together, the two networks will cover 114.39km with over 101 stations. It's expected to ferry 480 lakh passengers per day and will help cut down traffic congestion.The four extensions of Phase I include that of the eastern corridor from Byappanahalli to Whitefield via ITPL, covering 15.5km with 14 stations at an estimated cost of Rs 4,845crore; western corridor from Mysore Road to Kengeri covering 6.465km with five stations.Extension of the northern corridor of Phase I, which is part of Phase II, starts from Hessarghatta Cross to BIEC on Tumkur Road, covering 3.77km. It will have three stations and the Southern corridor will extend from Puttenahalli Cross to Anjanapura Township on Nice Road, covering 6.29km with five stations. The two extensions are estimated at Rs 2,934.1crore.The two new lines, which have been approved for Phase II, are on the arterial routes -- first, from Gottigere to Nagawara via IIM-B, Dairy Circle, MG Road and Shivajinagar, and the second from RV Road to Bommasandra, having an interchange station at RV Road, which is on the southern corridor of Phase I.The Gottigere-Nagavara stretch covers 21.25km and 18 stations with six elevated and 12 underground stations. The underground section will be 13.79km long. The elevated stations include Gottigere, Hulimavu, IIM-B, JP Nagar IV Phase, Jayadeva Hospital and Swagath Road Cross. The 12 underground stations will be constructed near Dairy Circle, Mico Bosch, Langford Town, Vellara Junction, MG Road, Shivajinagar, Cantonment railway station, Pottery Town, Tannery Road, Venkateshpura, Arabic College and Nagavara. The estimated cost of this corridor is Rs 11,014 crore.The RV Road-Bommasandra line will cover 18.82km with 16 stations. The proposed stations will come up on RV Road, Ragigudda temple, Jayadeva Hospital, BTM Layout, Silk Board Junction, HSR Layout, Oxford College, Muneshwara Block, Chikkabegur, Basapura Road, Hosur Road, Electronic City-I, Electronic City-II, Huskur Road, Hebbagodi and Bommasandra. The cost of this route is pegged at Rs 5,744crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11983322", "title": "Inter-ministerial groups to fine-tune India's climate change stance", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a consolidation of the Durban results, the environment and forests ministry has notified inter-ministerial groups that will advise on key elements of India's stance on climate negotiations for future.The groups, with officials from various ministries including power and renewable energy, will advise and guide the negotiating team through issues which are to be taken up through the year and at the full meeting of all countries in Qatar.The groups have been formed on three critical areas - on actions that reduce climate change, the carbon trade mechanism, reporting processes and scrutiny of country's actions, equity and climate change modeling.The groups are empowered to also seek advice from experts outside the government that deal with specific technical issues.The formation of the groups also indicates clarity within the government on the steps to take in the days to come and reduction of the debate within about taking a more 'flexible' approach versus sticking to some fundamental redlines.The setting up of the groups has revived the old system of inter-governmental consultations as the climate change negotiations have wide and varied impacts on the country's economies which fall under different ministries' domains. The practice of such consultations had fallen through previously but is seen as important within government circles keeping in mind the negotiations to be started on what is called the Durban Platform.The platform is another track of talks (besides the Kyoto Protocol and another track that ends this year) within the UN framework to set up a global climate regime post-2020. The discussions for it are to kick-start this year and culminate by 2015.India is required, along with all other countries, to suggest the frame within which it feels discussions should be held on this track. This submission is expected to be critical with EU pushing for equal responsibility for reducing emissions being imposed on emerging economies like India and China. India along with other BASIC countries has already announced that it wants the new track to respect the principles of equity and 'common but differentiated responsibility' and not operate outside the existing UN Framework Convention on Climate Change.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11984560", "title": "HC raps state for sleeping over defining catchment areas", "text": "JAIPUR: The high court on Tuesday came hard on government officials for sleeping over its order for last seven years and not defining catchment area of water bodies.It rightly rejected the compliance report filed on affidavit by the state government. \"We are not satisfied with the progress. It appears that government is sleeping over the matter for the last seven years. One fails to understand how the catchment areas have not been earmarked despite fresh directives five months ago,\" observed Justice M N Bhandari.The court was informed that a special bench of revenue board has been constituted to decide on references made by government to cancel such allotment made in catchment areas of water bodies across state.\"The special bench will hear cases on a day-to-day basis, besides a panel of three government lawyers has been deputed under the special bench of the board,\" the state government's affidavit read.The high court has directed the government to file a fresh compliance report in the matter. Meanwhile, the state government also filed a detailed list of officers who were involved in the allotment of land in catchment area of Ramgarh Dam after 1985.Justice Bhandari also ordered removal of all roads that were laid down in the dam's catchment area during the NREGA work in the recent years.It is noteworthy that high court in case of one Abdul rehman has directed to earmark catchment areas of water bodies besides several other directions in year 2004, later Justice bhandari took a suo moto cognizance of dried up Ramghar dam that revealed a horrible position of encroachment in the catchment area of Dam", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11984759", "title": "Class X Sanskrit test-paper setter copied questions?", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Schools on Tuesday conducted the Sanskrit examination, an optional subject provided by Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board (GSHSEB). While the paper was easy and students said they will be able to score well in the exam, there were allegations that a big portion of question paper was lifted from five-odd possible question papers printed in a private publication.Students said that the questions were a straight lift from the private publication which had published a series of possible question papers. This became an issue of embarrassment with the board officials as the board had decided to set and print the paper to avoid such a lapse by schools.School teachers are notorious not to pay attention to optional subjects and generally the question papers are lifted from different board papers.Students said that there was also error spotted in the question paper where two multiple choice questions had two answers which were right. This left the students confused over which answer they should circle to be marked correct.Officer on Special Duty (OSD) of the GSHSEB in Vadodara M M Pathan said that the syllabus of the optional paper is limited and there is a possibility that any question paper would appear to have lifted questions from other papers. \"There is no error however in setting the question paper\", Pathan said.Chairman of GSHSEB R R Varsani said that the board is inquiring into the matter and action will be taken if lapse on part of the paper setter is proved. He, however, said that possibility is slim as only seven marks worth questions have been found to be common in the papers of the private publication.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "kitchlu nagar", "code": "11986486", "title": "Gaurav dons new role with panache", "text": "KITCHLU NAGAR: When Gaurav Dhingra, 26, told his father he wanted to pave his own way to success, he was given an year's time to prove himself with whatever he chose to do. And Gaurav not only sustained the pressure of being a start-up firm, but, took his garment business to a point where he employs a work force of 55 people.A businessman who likes taking risks and goes by his conscience, Gaurav today exports 65% of his material. After completing his BBA from Khalsa College, the young entrepreneur worked for three months with his father Dinesh Dhingra in his business of tractor parts. \"I worked with my father for three months but always had this desire to start up my own business of garments. I asked my father and he gave me a year to gather ground for my business,'' says Gaurav.His father had agreed but mother Meena Dhingra was still reluctant to the idea of moving away from the established family business. Gaurav was 23 when he set up DM Garments at Kali Sadak and in these three years he has tapped the national and international market quite well.The Kitchlu Nagar resident, with no prior experience in textile industry, left for Mumbai to understand the garment retail sector as soon as his father gave a green signal. Once back in the city, he visited several knitwear factories to understand the details of this sector. \"I named my firm (DM Garments) with initials of my father and mother as I believe if their names are associated with my venture, it would never sink,'' says Gaurav. Having started with kids wear, he eventually graduated to manufacturing both kids and ladies knitwear. \"The USP of my firm is the quality, styling and pricing. This is precisely the simple strategy behind my success,'' says Gaurav with a smile. The venture that started with just five employees provides job to 55 people today.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "bharatnagar chowk", "code": "11987461", "title": "2 lecturers celebrate birthday together", "text": "BHARATNAGAR CHOWK: It was a day of celebrations for lecturers in the English department of Government College for Women , Bharatnagar Chowk, on Tuesday. Two lecturers, Pooja Garg and Jatinder Kaur, of the college celebrated their birthday with the other staff members of the college.Resident of Kidwai Nagar, Jatinder said her birthday actually falls on February 13 but she had not celebrated it at that time because one of her close friends and colleague Pooja's birthday was on Tuesday and she had thought of celebrating it together.Both of them together cut the cake in front of other staff members. Resident of Ghumar Mandi, Pooja said she felt so good that Jatinder waited for about a week for her birthday. She said celebrations at home are always there but celebrating it with the staff was an all together different experience for both of them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11985070", "title": "Unhygienic accommodations under UT eye", "text": "CHANDIGARH: UT administration's drive against unauthorized paying guests staying in the city has fizzled out and the Estate Office is now focusing on accommodations where students are packed in dingy, unhygienic rooms.To circumvent the norms for having paying guests, a majority of house owners in the city have got rent deeds signed with them to masquerade them as tenants. This has come up in a recent survey conducted by the Estate Office.Several paying guest accommodations around educational institutions in sectors 15, 36, 44B and 22 do not follow the condition of getting the guests registered with the Estate Office to ensure that criminal elements are not getting shelter in the city.A UT official said that action is being taken whenever a complaint is received from the tenants or the neighbours of PGs. \"In many cases, the neighbours complain that youth park vehicles in the middle of the street and create nuisance at night,\" he said.The rules also require that the house owner or the family members should be residing in the house and should maintain good standard of hygiene and cleanliness. The minimum usable area for one paying guest has been fixed at 50 square feet with adequate provision of toilet according to norms of the public health department.A register has to be maintained at the PG premises as a permanent record of the paying guest under intimation to the police authorities along with permanent address and contact numbers.Students who don't make it for a hostel seat are left with no other option than staying as a paying guest. But with the Estate Office tightening its grip on illegal PG's, students are left with no place to go.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11983290", "title": "Monitor liquor probe, HC urged", "text": "HYDERABAD: Expressing apprehensions that the ongoing ACB probe into the liquor syndicate-politician nexus may not reach its logical end, a citizen's activist filed a petition in the A P high court on Tuesday urging it to monitor the probe on a regular basis and also provide functional independence to ACB.O M Debara, member of Forum for Better Hyderabad, filed the writ plea contending that the court should supervise the probe. He said the court should facilitate unearthing of the full magnitude of the liquor scam. He said excise, police and other departments, besides politicians, had a big role in the racket.He said the liquor syndicate was destroying scores of poor families in the state and time had come to put an end to this menace. He said ministers in the state cabinet were trying to settle scores and save their men involved in the scam.The petitioner also mentioned in his plea that as many 450 requests of ACB to prosecute corrupt public servants were turned down by the state since 2003. He also sought the quashing of a government memo issued in 1999 restraining ACB from booking cases against the errant members of legislature in this regard.The matter was posted to Friday for further hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "tripunithura", "code": "11984938", "title": "Centre for Heritage Studies in limbo", "text": "TRIPUNITHURA: The day-to-day affairs of Centre for Heritage Studies (CHS) in Tripunithura, and the future of nearly 40 students there, remain uncertain as the newly appointed director general (DG) of the centre seldom visits the office.The absence of DG at the centre has resulted in policy decisions, like the revival of the syllabus, admission of new batches and other important administrative procedures getting paralyzed.CHS offers PG diploma courses in archaeology and museology, archival studies and conservation. The centre also offers integrated training and orientation programmes for teachers, demonstrators and technicians in various heritage related subjects periodically.Soon after the current UDF government came into power, eminent historian M G S Narayanan has been appointed the new director general of CHS. Though the official declaration regarding this appointment was issued in August 2011, the new DG reported at the office only in December. According to sources, after the first visit the new DG prepared a detailed report on the administration, that too without holding a discussion with the staff members, and sent it to cultural affairs minister. After that the DG controls the administration through online sitting at his home in Kozhikode, they said.When contacted M G S Narayanan told TOI, \"As an academician I could find many irregularities in the functioning of CHS\".\"Here I wish to retain the academic status of CHS which is now functioning without proper norms needed for a Study Center on Heritage\", said M G S Narayanan. \"The ongoing courses do not have the approval of any university. Moreover there are no experienced tutors here\", he added. \"We have to constitute a governing body by including the vice-chancellors of all five universities in Kerala and also some subject experts\".About fifty students are studying at CHS for the three PG diploma courses now. \"As the courses do not have approval from any universities the fate of these students are in balance\", said a former student. Meanwhile the government has appointed M G Sasibhooshan as the Dean at the Hill Palace unit of CHS for reviving the formalities regarding the ongoing courses and also other academic affairs.Set up by the department of cultural affairs in 2000, CHS is an autonomous research and training institute, aims at documenting, studying, preserving and popularizing the heritage of the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11986083", "title": "HSC exams: Board helplines get 200 calls on Day 1", "text": "MUMBAI: Eighteen-year-old Aarti Jamwal (name changed) woke up on Tuesday, the first day of the HSC exam, with a swollen right hand. Unable to move her wrist in the morning, an anxious Jamwal rushed to her college principal for help. \"We immediately contacted the board authorities and her exam centre and were asked to get a doctor's certificate. We were able to assign a junior student to write the paper for her,\" said Sangeeta Srivastava, principal of TP Bhatia College, Kandivli.Jamwal was just one of 200-odd students who turned to state board helplines on the first day of the board exam. Three calls were by students who, due to unforeseen circumstances, needed a writer for their examination at the last minute. \"One student called after she met with an accident on her way to the examination centre in Dadar. We immediately got her a writer,\" said divisional board secretary Ravindra Bhise.Personnel attending the calls told TOI that they received a lot of inquiries from students who were taking the exam for the second time. \"A bunch of students also called because they had lost their hall tickets,\" said M Girkar from the state board helpline.What surprised officials was the volume of calls from SSC students. The Standard X board exam is scheduled to begin on March 1, but anxious students have already started contacting officials to inquire about their centres. Incidentally, on Monday, the helpline personnel had fielded calls from over 450 students all enquiring about their test centres. For the first time this year, the state board appointed psychiatrists and counsellors to help students cope with exam stress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11983182", "title": "CIC files charges against Viquar &amp; his associates", "text": "HYDERABAD: Over two and half years after the arrest of the founder of Tahreek Ghalba-e-Islam (TGI) Viquar Ahmed, the police framed charges against him on Tuesday in cases related to attacks on cops on two different occasions.Viquar with the help of his associates had formed the militant organization TGI reportedly to avenge the killing of Muslims in police firing following the bomb blast in Mecca Masjid on May 18, 2007. The State Counter Intelligence Cell submitted the charges in the First Additional Metropolitan Sessions Judge at Nampally in cases pertaining to the killing and attacking of cops. Viquar was brought to Nampally courts premises amidst tight security on Tuesday.The CIC also filed charges besides Viquar, against Syed Sulaiman alias Amjad, Dr. Haneef, Zakir, Riyaz Khan, Sayeed, Izhar Khan and Vinod Kumar Sahu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "11983838", "title": "Man arrested for blackmailing college student", "text": "THANE: A 31-year-old man from Dharavi was arrested for blackmailing a 20-year-old collegian from Kalwa into marrying him.The Kalwa police said that Anil Raj Nadesan had taken video-clippings of the girl in a compromising position and threatened to upload them on the net and also put up pictures in her college should she turn down his proposal.Nadesan was known to the victim's mother as they worked together in a garment store in Mumbai.The police claimed that the two soon got close and shared a physical relationship, but the girl's family was not in favour of the alliance.Upset at being turned down, Nadesan threatened to display pictures of the girl and demanded that she marry him. The girl and her parents then approached the police, who arrested Nadesan on blackmail charges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11985326", "title": "Rs 200cr helicopter unit likely in Kochi", "text": "KOCHI: Former Asianet bossman Dr Reji Menon, who is currently based in Ukraine, is planning to bring in expertise and funding from that country to build a helicopter assembly unit in Kerala. According to sources familiar with the development, Menon will set up the helicopter assembly inKochi assisted by technicians from Ukraine. During a recent visit to his home state, Menon had broached the idea of setting up a helicopter facility with Kerala chief minister Oommen Chandy.The new facility, with an estimated investment of Rs 200 crore, will roll out twin-engined helicopters targeted at the corporate segment, sources said. The technicians from Ukraine would be able to speak only Ukrainian and Russian, but as they wouldn't need much customer interaction, this problem could be sorted out, sources said. The facility will also provide repair services to customers. Asked about feasibility of such a business in Kerala, C G Krishnadas Nair, former chairman and managing director of Hindustan Aeronautics Limited (HAL), said private players are allowed to set up manufacturing companies in the country on their own or in collaboration with other companies. \"Only HAL runs a repair facility in the country right now. Hence, there is huge potential for a helicopter MRO (maintenance, repair and overhaul) facility in India in general, and in particular Kochi,\" he said.Between HAL and Bell Helicopters, India currently produces about 60 helicopters a year. The market is propelled by military and government organisations, but there is unmet demand, sources said. For, many corporate buyers harried by traffic jams are relentlessly on the lookout for small four/six-seater machines. \"There is a market gap for an additional 40-50 helicopters,\" said C V Venugopalan, former additional general manager with HAL.\"As the roads continue to get congested, new hotels and hospitals will tag on a helipad to their facilities. The sky is not crowded as yet, and hence there is potential for private helicopter manufacturers in India.\" A small helicopter assembly unit is expected to need a hangar of 15 mts x 30 mts, field services and a helipad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11983848", "title": "Forest officials have their way, set up panel to study court order on elephant corridor", "text": "NEW DELHI: The forest bureaucracy over-rode objections of the experts on the PM-led National Wildlife Board (NWB) and the environment minister to set up a committee to review the Madras High Court order to establish the Sigur elephant corridor in Tamil Nadu and remove all resorts from the region.Resort owners and others holding land in the area had filed a petition before the Supreme Court challenging the HC order. The apex court had asked the NWB to comment on the report by the expert committee on which the Madras HC had based its decision.The standing committee of the board, headed by environment minister Jayanthi Natarajan , recently met to discuss the issue. The forest officials pushed for another committee to be set up and also to conduct site visits. The minutes of the meeting show that at least one non-official wildlife expert on the standing committee opposed setting up another panel. They said the experts were in agreement with the HC panel's conclusions.According to the minutes of the meeting, the minister intervened to say that she needed to study the subject further and because of paucity of time, it would be taken up in the standing committee's next meeting.The experts, fearing that forest officials would go ahead with their plan regardless, shot of a joint letter saying that they were against setting up a new committee, which they said could also be in contempt of court. They said they were in favour of the corridor as suggested by the HC's committee.But on Tuesday, the inspector general of forests in-charge of Project Elephant notified the committee comprising two senior forest officials and one non-government expert who is member of the NWB.The committee, the notification said, will review the case including the HC and Supreme Court orders though the apex court is still hearing the case. The team is to submit a report, based on field visits, consultations and study latest by April 25.The notification said, \"The team will study all the related records and documents including various petitions in Madras High Court and Supreme Court, court orders in the case and the report of the expert committee etc in consultation with the forest department authorities of Tamil Nadu for a clear understanding of the intent of the various court cases and the action of the state government related to the orders passed by it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11983634", "title": "Denied leave, guard opens fire in air", "text": "HYDERABAD: Miffed over denial of leave by his employer, a private security guard opened fire in the air near Mettuguda Crossroads on Tuesday. However, a traffic constable reacted quickly and pinned down the security guard before he could cause any serious damage.Police arrested 52-year-old Anand Singh, who is a resident of Nacharam. According to the Chilkalguda police, Anand Singh, who is a native of Bihar, owns a 12 mm bore DBBL gun licence and works for Sahiti Manpower Placement Services, Tarnaka. The security agency posted Anand as a security guard at Mannapuram gold finance company's office near Mettuguda Crossroads.On Tuesday morning, Anand Singh went to Sahiti office to ask for leave. However, his request was turned down by his employers and the angry security guard, who was in an inebriated condition, returned to his work place.\"At about 10.30 am, Anand Singh came out of the finance company and fired a round into the air with his licensed weapon without any provocation. So, we suspect that he was in an inebriated condition,\" Chilkalguda inspector B Anjaiah said.After Anand pulled the trigger, people in the area ran helter skelter. Traffic constable Khasim, who was performing his duties at the Mettuguda junction, quickly responded and snatched the weapon from the security guard after pinning him down.The Chilkalguda police arrested Anand Singh and slapped a case against him under the Arms Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11985837", "title": "Opposition disrupts governor address", "text": "PATNA: Amidst pandemonium created by the opposition members, governor Devanand Konwar completed his address to the joint session of the Bihar legislature on the opening day of the budget session in the state legislative assembly on Tuesday.\"You would benefit the most if you demonstrate your knack outside the House\", is how the governor kept advising the opposition members who kept raising slogans and displaying placards highlighting the government's alleged diversion of funds meant for the poor to branding its own image.The governor would stop his speech at times to request the opposition to allow democracy to function. \"Iska jawab politically dijiye ..... bahar (reply to it politically, outside)\", he said when the opposition kept raising slogans and displaying placards which read \"pichchre varg ki hakmari band karo\", \"garibon ka paisa global meet mein lagana band karo\" etc.The governor resumed his speech only after persuasion by the chairman of legislative council Tarakant Jha who was sitting besides him.Misri Lal Yadav (RJD) read out a parallel speech highlighting how government was hell bent to finish up institutions like panchayats and asking the governor to intervene. Jyoti (Cong) was most vocal as she showed a copy of a magazine which highlighted the government's media management skill. As a result of opposition's uproar, the governor took almost an hour extra time to complete his address.The governor highlighted the various schemes of the government including adherence to zero tolerance policy on corruption issues and explained how it has seized properties of corrupt senior officials and converted it into schools. Besides, Bihar Lokayukta Bill, 2011 has been formulated to bring present and former chief ministers, ministers, officials and employees within its ambit.Apart from ensuring punishment to accused, the governor said, the government has also brought in Open Jail Rules, 2008, to improve the conditions of jail.He also said the government had taken a number of steps to check the mother mortality rate by introducing 'Yukti Yojana', Muskaan yojana which have been launched to ensure vaccination and MBBS seats have been increased in NMCH. To ensure education to all children the government has come up with Bihar free and compulsory education to children rule, 2011. Education has been spread to panchayat level at a massive scale.The governor said the government also planned removal of beggary by creating State Society for Rehabilitation of Ultra Poor. He further said the government has started using global positioning system (GPS) by which vehicles carrying food grain and kerosene could be reached destination on time' It would help check black marketing of such articles. Earlier, speaker Udai Narain Chowdhary informed the House that separate delegations from Nepal and Bhutan had visited him besides his counterparts from Kerala, Gujarat, Jharkhand and Jammu &amp; Kashmir also called on him to discuss various issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11984825", "title": "Cluster three placements at IIM-A end", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The third phase of the final placement at the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad (IIM-A) called 'Cluster 3', a two-day affair, concluded on Tuesday. It had recruiters from financial services, Information Technology and other sectors. The day also had recruiters offering opportunities to students willing to start their own ventures.From financial services: RBI, Yes Bank, HDFC , Crisil and JM Financial participated. Yes Bank placed five job offers. From the IT sector likes of HCL and Mindtree were present.Other companies like Mahindra and RPG Group offered roles in general management to the students.Usually at IIM-A, companies send their junior officials for the recruitment. This year, however, many senior officials have been visiting the campus.Dr Arvind Agrawal, president of corporate development and human resources at RPG Group, said: \"We were able to take immediate decisions as top managers from across our businesses had flown down to IIM-A for the process. We opened up new positions in the company after meeting suitable candidates at the campus. We have hired more students than what we actually planned.\"Ingersoll Rand extended job offers to four students in general management and in their 'Entrepreneur Creation Program'. In the latter role, the students will be placed on a fast track learning path diverse rotations across multiple businesses, markets and functions within the company. At the end of two years, they will be provided seed capital to create their own businesses for Ingersoll Rand products and solutions. The firm made a total of four offers.Wrigley, HT Media, Welspun were some of the firms that offered marketing roles to students. The fourth cluster is scheduled for February 26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "samrala chowk", "code": "11986497", "title": "A lavish dinner with family on birthday", "text": "SAMRALA CHOWK: Rajnish Mahajan, a business professional of Guru Angad Dev Nagar in Samrala Chowk area, feels very special, just like his birthday that falls on February 29. Born in 1972, he is all set to celebrate his 40th birthday after three years. Last time, he had taken his family for a dinner in a leading restaurant to celebrate the special event, while his colleagues at the woollen mill factory had celebrated it by holding a small party.Says Mahajan, who works as an assistant manager (purchases) in a leading woollen mill factory, \"My birthday is special not only because it comes only during leap year but also because besides my family, my colleagues also celebrate it. Last time, my wife Meenu, son Yugam, 14, and daughter Ridhi, around 5, had insisted to celebrate the special event outside in some restaurant. I remember we had a quality time together celebrating the event.\"Even at his office, colleagues Sunil Mishra, Sandeep Rana, Bhajan and Gurinder Singh, all of computer section, and Sahil Sharma of accounts department, had organized a small party to celebrate his birthday. \"It was the best treat I could get from my colleagues. I got emotional about the love and blessings showered by my colleagues,\" he said.About his plans for this year's birthday, Rajnish says, \"I will take my family out to a hotel for a lavish dinner. I also hope that my colleagues, as always, will hold a small party on that day. I cannot celebrate the day on mega level this time around as my father Hans Raj Mahajan is unwell.\"Meenu, his wife says, \"My husband's birthday is always a special day for all of us as it comes only in leaps year. He is such a loving and caring person and deserves all the blessings of people around him. On his birthday everyone in the family prays for his good health and happiness.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11984832", "title": "Woman executive jumps off terrace in Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: A senior executive of a private telecom major jumped to her death from the terrace of a four-storey building in north Kolkata on Tuesday morning.She was identified as Nandini Sen, a senior manager with a private telecom major. Around 10.10pm, local residents heard a thud and rushed to find a woman in her mid-30s lying on the busy Northern Avenue, police said.Sen, 37, was posted in Pune. She had come to the city about three weeks ago for treatment and was staying with her aunt, say police. Her aunt told police that Sen was unmarried and had been ailing of late. She, however, would not say what she was suffering from.Initial probe revealed that the woman was depressed due to some personal reasons. Sen was attending counselling sessions in Kolkata. \"We are trying to find the cause behind her suicide,\" said an investigator, ruling out any foul play in her death.In another incident, Jyoti Agarwal, 30, hanged herself in her Alipore residence. Around noon, her mother-in-law first noticed her room locked from inside. They broke in to find her dead. Jyoti was married for 12 years and has a nine-year-old daughter. and when after repeated knocking she did not open the door, mother-in-law informed Jyoti's mother and brother, whoat their Tarachand Dutta street resident. They came and found her hanging. In 2000 Jyoti got married and she has a nine year old girl. Till evening neither from Jyoti's family did not lodge any complaint against her husband and in-laws, said police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11984772", "title": "School panel opposes direct appointment", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat State Schools Management Association ( GSSMA) has strongly protested the appointment of teachers and principals in various schools across the state through special recruitment committee appointed by the state government.The association members said that appointment of teachers, principals and non-teaching staff in the schools taking government grant should be the sole prerogative of the management and the government cannot infringe upon their rights of making such appointments.Ambubhai Patel, president of the association, said that the government has started filling up vacant posts of principals in grant-in-aid schools by making direct appointments through the respective district education officers.The association has decided that those principals, who are appointed with a direct order from the DEOs, will not be allowed to take charge in the schools.A case regarding the right of appointment in schools is pending in the Supreme Court and the hearing will be done on March 12.Patel has also turned down the government's offer to become a member of the recruitment committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11984217", "title": "PMC suspends UID registration drive", "text": "PUNE: Following orders from the state government, the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) has suspended the unique identification (UID) registration drive in the city, till it receives further orders.UID cell chief and PMC deputy commissioner Praveen Ashtikar said that the PMC had received orders to suspend the drive, but the state government has given no clarification or reasons for the suspension of the drive, after over 12 lakh citizens have registered for the Aadhaar card. The government will issue further orders regarding to the drive in April.The state government had appointed four agencies for UID registration in Pune. Since January 2011, the drive received enthusiastic response from citizens. While 400 registration machines were needed, only 153 were available. These machines were divided in the 14 ward offices and citizens had crowded ward offices for registration. Under the UID scheme, a 12-digit number would be allotted to each individual after the work of collecting information was completed. As per the PMC's plan, the registration process in the city was expected to be completed by December 2012.A state government officer, requesting anonymity, said that the debate around the UID project - about its relevance, technology, security and privacy, duplication of effort, costs, etc - has forced the Centre and state to have second thoughts on the project.Before its implementation, the UID project had gone through interministerial scrutiny and was cleared by the Union Cabinet. It was also supported by state governments. UID is the only project in the world that leverages multimodal biometrics by combining fingerprints and irises, and has an accuracy level of 99.9%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11988437", "title": "Kollywood's urban makeover", "text": "A young breed of directors in Kollywood is catering to Gen Y and Gen X, as CT finds out...Tamil filmmakers are looking beyond the rustic locales of Madurai and Theni and searching their own backyard for stories. With a rise in the number of Chennaibased filmmakers, Kollywood has of late seen a steady increase in movies that chronicle urban life. While last week itself saw the release of two such films, there are more on the cards.Sample this: upcoming films like 3, Panithuli, Kadhal 2 Kalyanam and Oru Kal Oru Kannadi too will show audiences a slice of city life. As a result, Kollywood's getting a makeover of sorts, with characters depicting urban roles. Balaji Mohan, the filmmaker who did the recently-released Siddharth-starrer, says, \"It always comes as a package. Earlier, when films like Paruthiveeran and Subramaniapuram released, many others followed suit. It always takes a bunch of filmmakers to bring about the wave.\"Natty Kumar, who has directed Panithuli, is one of them. He says, \"We chose to focus this film on the life of a software engineer because this is what the young Chennai crowd most identifies with. We have had makers like Gautham Menon and Mani Ratnam, who showcase shades of urban life. But these are sporadic representations. The audience is aware of the urban lifestyles, even in the small towns. But, only a few films touch upon this aspect.\"The year's first blockbuster, Nanban, showcased the young, trendy side of life and more and set to follow suit. Talking about why the audience laps up such 'urban cinema' Milind Rau, who's directing Kadhal 2 Kalyanam, says, \"With Hollywood films beind dubbed into Tamil, the sensibilities of the audience have changed. They are more open to urban concepts. So, urban cinema is taking off.\"Affirming the same view, Balaji says, \"Audiences in Trichy or Madurai can relate to the urban views of love and relationships just the same way as the audience in Chennai.\" An added bonus to this fresh, young take on subjects is also because the directors come young and understand the target audience.Rajesh, who has the Chennai-based Oru Kal Oru Kannadi readying for release, says, \"The fact that the film industry is driven by students as an important chunk of its audience is one of the major factors. They are exposed to technology and the Internet, which makes it a challenge to cater to their fast-paced lives. This is one reason why there will be more such young takes on films and it is a trend that's here to stay.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11984548", "title": "Take career aptitude tests: Experts", "text": "NASHIK: A seminar on the importance of psychological tests before selecting a career was recently held at Bhonsala Military College. Dr Anuradha Deshmukh, director of the co-ordination team of Yeshwantrao Chavan Maharashtra Open University said that the tests help identify one's intelligence, interests, personality, and inspiration and ambition level. The two-day seminar also saw lectures by Dr Sucheta Kochargaonkar, principal of the college, psychological test expert Vaishali Bajaliwale and Sameer Limbare, principal of Women's College, Nashik.MUHS workshop: The university department of interpathy research and technology of the Maharashtra University of Health Sciences (MUHS), Nashik, recently organized a workshop on good clinical practices and research methodology. Expressing his views on the occasion, former vice-chancellor of Symbiosis International University, Dr MA Tutakane, appealed to the assembled students to do research in subjects after considering needs of the people.School donates uniforms: The annual day function of the Global Vision International School took place recently, with various cultural and entertainment programmes being conducted on the occasion. School secretary Shashank Manerikar presented new uniforms to orphans from Adharashram. The winners of various school activities of the school were also awarded prizes.ICAI Nashik branch polls: CA Sanjeev S Mutha has been unanimously elected as chaiman of the Nashik branch of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) for the year 2012-13. The decision was unanimously taken at a meeting of the managing committee of the Nashik branch. CA Ulhas Borse has been elected vice-chairman, Vikrant Kulkarni as secretary and Brijesh Surana as treasurer.\"To promote a complete woman with substance in the society is the need of the competitive age and programmes like soft skill development contributes towards the creation of complete woman,\" stated Principal Dr. B S Jagadale in his presidential speech on the occasion ofSkill devpt programme: The valedictory function for a soft skills development programme at Loknete Vyankatrao Hiray College took place recently. The programme was conducted in the college from February 6 to 15. In his speech, professor S J Patil, chairman of the programme, summarized various activities and skills imparted to the participating students.Hospitality industry talk: Gokhale education society's JDC Bytco Institute of Management Studies and Research, Nashik, recently organized a seminar on 'Development and opportunities in the hospitality industry' to provide insights to students and faculty about current and future developments in the Indian and global industry. Ahmar Siddiqui, GM, The Gateway Hotels, Nashik, and R Venkatchilam, chairman, Bizsol India Services Pvt Ltd delivered speeches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11985357", "title": "Dr Ambedkar College's Justa Causa from Feb 23", "text": "NAGPUR: Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar College of Law will be organizing its annual national law festival 'Justa Causa' from February 23-26. The festival which is in its tenth year now aims to strengthen and sharpen the advocacy and research skills of budding lawyers.The programme will be inaugurated by judge at Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court Prasanna Varale, Nagpur University (NU) vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal would be the guest of honour while law faculty dean Anjali Hastak would share the dais.A series of events like legal quiz and competitions in essay, drafting and moot court will be held during the course of the event.Two Supreme Court judges will be gracing the festival to deliver lectures. Justice GS Singhvi, judge, Supreme Court will deliver the guest lecture on February 25 while his colleague, justice Deepak Verma be the main speaker at the late Vijay Bhonde memorial lecture on February 26 at NU's Convocation Hall near Maharajbagh.Around 27 teams from all over India will participate in this national law festival. All the events will be held at Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar College of Law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11984779", "title": "Now, website for distressed women", "text": "NEW DELHI: For women in distress, Delhi Police is now just a click away. In a bid to make police more approachable, the Special Police Unit Women and Children (SPUWC) on Tuesday launched its official website here. Launching the website, National Commission of Women (NCW) Chairperson Mamta Sharma said the initiative should be replicated in all states across the country. \"There are many laws and acts in our country but lack of implementation is the reason why women face problems,\" Sharma said.\"This pattern is a step towards implementing policies,\" Sharma added. Emphasizing the need for communicating in local languages with women and children, she said that the website should also be made available in Hindi soon.The website will help provide women all the information about redressal and process of complaint filing at SPUWC, said Suman Nalwa, Additional DCP SPUWC. \"We are available on Facebook and Twitter also, you can contact us through any medium,\" Nalwa said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11987447", "title": "'Havan, langar' mark Mahashivratri celebration", "text": "LUDHIANA: Students and staff of Springdale Senior Secondary Public School, Sherpur, prayed to Lord Shiva to celebrate Mahashivratri on Tuesday. A 'havan' was performed on the school premises, in which managing director of the school Avinash Kaur Walia participated along with the staff members. The 'havan' was followed by chanting of 'Shiv mahima' and other hymns in the praise of Shiva. Walia conveyed her best wishes to the students and school staff and said it is important to stay connected to the almighty for a healthy, happy and progressive life. The celebration concluded with a 'langar'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11984781", "title": "Three-day travel mart begins today", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The second edition of the three-day 'Gujarat Travel Mart-2012' will kick off on Wednesday. The mart will be inaugurated at Mahatma Mandir in Gandhinagar.The 'Gujarat Travel Mart-2012' will showcase travel and tourism, hospitality, leisure and other related industries, both from within the country and abroad.According to a government release, Gujarat contributes 16 per cent of India's industrial production and has also mobilized a share of 12.7 per cent of the investments in the country. This is the highest investment for any state, according to the government.The state government has also given approval to 37 hotel-resorts. Government officials said that this year, travel mart will have exhibition of airlines, adventure, travels and tourism, new circuit for road and railway package, water transportation, hotel resort, among others.The travel mart will have exhibition on 'Gujarat Pavilion,' which will showcase different facets such as festivals of Gujarat, Mahatma Gandhi-oriented tours, heritage hotels, Buddhist trails in Gujarat, wild life resorts, among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11984877", "title": "Illegal construction: HC rejects plea of 44 traders", "text": "NEW DELHI: Saying the menace of unauthorized construction is \"eating into our city\", the Delhi high court on Tuesday said that such constructions shouldn't be tolerated. A bench comprising Acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw made the observation while dismissing a batch of petitions filed by 44 shopownersof Diamond Mall, Karol Bagh.The owners had approached HC, challenging the decision of the MCD to seal their shops. They had argued that they were subsequent purchasers of their respective shops, not the owners of the plot or developers of the construction on the plot. According to the MPD 2021 and the zonal development plan, the MCD is required to frame redevelopment plans and schemes for these areas, they further argued. The shop owners accused the MCD of adopting double standards.According to the MCD, the building plans for the construction over three plots was sanctioned in 2004 and the property was permitted for commercial purposes. MCD alleged, unauthorized constructions in the shape of deviations excess coverage of basement and other floors with projections on municipal land led to demolition action by the civic agency. Sealing action was also taken and some of the floors were sealed in the last few years. \"The petitioners even as subsequent purchasers owed a duty to satisfy themselves of the illegality of the title which they were seeking to require...the present is a clear case where the entire construction of Diamond Mall by illegally amalgamating three distinct plots is unauthorized,\" the bench observed, dismissing the plea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "11985994", "title": "Hurdles galore for central funds to reach PTR", "text": "DALTONGANJ: Cash-starved Palamu Tiger Reserve (PTR) has taken a loan of Rs 49.66 lakh from the authorities of Birsa Biological Park and the State Forest Development Corporation.Principal chief conservator of forest-cum-chief wildlife warden A K Malhotra said, \"I am in favour of setting up a Tiger Foundation in the state where funds will be received directly from the National Tiger Conservation Authority of Delhi. However, there are some obstacles like lack of notification of the buffer area spreading over more than 700 sq km of the 1,026-sq km of PTR and sanctioning of the tiger conservation plan.\"Malhotra hoped these would be sorted out soon and there would be no dearth of funds in the future. The DFO (buffer) said the loans will have to be returned by the end of this financial year as soon as funds arrive from the NTCA. Sources said NTCA has sent more than Rs 1 crore for PTR to the state government but it has not been released yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "11985926", "title": "'By 2015, China defence budget set to double\u2019", "text": "BEIJING: China would double its military spending to $238.2 billion by 2015, surpassing the combined defence budgets of India, Japan and 10 other countries in the Asia-Pacific a global research group has claimed, prompting defence scholars here to dismiss the report as an attempt to play up the country's military threat.China's military spending will reach $238.2 billion in 2015 compared with 119.8 billion in 2011, 'IHS Jane's Defence and Security Intelligence and Analysis' said. Military scholars here, however, disputed the report on China's defence budget growth, saying it was aimed at playing up the threat from China's military.According to an official announcement here last March, China's defence budget for 2011 was pegged at $91.5 billion an increase of 12.7% from that of 2010. Professor Ma Gang with the PLA National Defence University said the report lacked a rational and factual basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11985561", "title": "Orphanage staff fast forces release of grants", "text": "NAGPUR: The struggle of Manorama Balsadan, an orphanage run by Jayashree Sushikshit Berojgar Mahila Mandal, ended on a happy note as the institution was finally paid its dues by the District Women and Child Development office. Half way through the first day of their indefinite hunger strike, they were given a cheque of Rs 5,26,000.The grants of orphanage for the last 10 years had been assessed at Rs 5,26,806. The District Women and Child Development office was holding the payment, allege orphanage authorities. Suryabhan Sonpimple, advisor, Manorama Balsadan, said that during the winter session of legislature they had sent appeals regarding the payment to ministers and higher officials who had said that they had released the money. That is when they realised the district administration was holding up the grant.The orphanage administration then sent letters to the women and child development directorate, Pune, asking for the release of their grants and also termination of the services of the officials responsible for the delay. \"They kept on giving us vague reasons for not releasing the money. They kept on misguiding us for months and because of this, the functioning of orphanage was getting affected. The children would have had to soon go without food and that is when we decided to go on indefinite hunger strike,\" said Sonpimple.On Tuesday morning at 11 am, 15 members of the staff started their indefinite hunger strike in front of the collector's office. By 2 pm they had received their cheque. \"We are happy that we have got our money and we are ending the fast. The orphanage will be able to run smoothly now. Only one of our demands has been met. The guilty officials who had held up our grants have not been punished. We have submitted a letter demanding a probe,\" said Sonpimple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11986031", "title": "Flip-flop mercury mocks Mumbai's winter", "text": "MUMBAI: Less than a fortnight ago, Mumbaikars shivered under their quilts as the night temperature dipped to 8.8 degrees celsius. Cut to Tuesday, when they were baked under a day temperature of 39.1 degrees celsius.All through this winter, the city's weather has behaved erratically, with minimum temperatures seeing more than a four-degree swing every two to four days. To top it, the difference between day- and night temperatures has been unusually vast on most days.Santa Cruz, for instance, saw a difference of 21 degrees celsius between its minimum and maximum temperatures on Tuesday-a huge gap for the human body to get accustomed to, health experts told TOI.On December 27, Santa Cruz had recorded a minimum temperature of 11.4 degrees celsius, the same day it recorded a day-time temperature of 30 degrees Celsius. Four days later, on New Year's day, the minimum temperature rose to 20.8 degrees celsius. Then again, on January 29, the minimum temperature dipped to 10 degrees celsius and climbed back to about 16 degrees celsius in the next two days. The flip-flop continued in February. On February 9, the temperatures dipped to 8.8 degrees celsius and three days later, the mercury rose to 36 degrees celsius during the day.Contrary to the common belief that global warming causes overall temperatures to only rise, experts said it can also create extreme cold conditions, alternatively. K Krishna Kumar, scientist at the Indian Institute of Tropical Meteorology (IITM), said that weather fluctuations can happen either way. \"Under the influence of global warming, there is also an increase in the variability of extreme events,\" he said. Explaining this phenomenon, he said that temperatures can rise extremely high or slide extremely low depending on local weather conditions.Some experts also hold the La Nina effect responsible. La Nina, an ocean-atmosphere phenomenon, can cause western disturbances, and one of these recently reached India's northern plains, bringing snow and rain. A recent IMD report showed a likely link between La Nina and the exceptionally low temperatures in northern India. \"The La Nina effect may have caused a situation for global temperatures to plummet. In fact, it could be a bigger anomaly on the regional scale, as it affects each geographical area differently,\" said Kumar.The weather department, however, says that these bigger phenomena cannot be held responsible for the local records. \"Global warming records an average rise in a particular region and La Nina effect cannot be directly connected to the fluctuating temperatures,\" said Dr N Y Apte, deputy director general from IMD. He, however, blames the high frequency of western disturbance and lack of sea breeze for the fluctuations. \"There was also a lack of sea breeze, which balances the city temperature otherwise. So when northerly winds hit the city, there was extreme cold, and when the easterly winds hit the city, they brought extreme heat conditions,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11988166", "title": "It feels like mental rape: Nusrat Jahan", "text": "Angry, hurt, shocked, hopeful - Nusrat Jahan was a jumble of emotions when TOI met her on Tuesday (Feb 21) morning, a day after it came to light that her boyfriend, Kadir Khan, was the primary accused in one of the most sensational rape cases in recent times. Excerpts from the interview...Are you still trying to reach Kadir?No, I have stopped calling him now. I did so last on Sunday. The entire day I tried to reach him. I want the truth to come out ASAP. I will meet the CM and request her help. I don't want it to turn into a political issue or a Nusrat-Kadir love story. And why involve Tollywood? I didn't fall in love knowing that the guy would be called a rapist! The questions that I'm facing now seems like I'm being raped mentally.So deep down, do you feel Kadir is not guilty?If a member of your family is on the deathbed and doctors have given up all hope, don't you still expect a miracle? Hope never dies. I will wait, till the truth is out. But then again there are many questions I am seeking answers to: why did Kadir vanish from the scene? Is it out of fear or guilt? Wherever Kadir is he must be following the news. Isn't he for once thinking about me, what I must be going through? (she breaks down) My family and I haven't committed rape but yet, we're dragged into this. How inhuman is that? My sister, who has her Board exams soon, can't concentrate on her studies. I can't face my parents as it was I who introduced Kadir to my family. I even told them he was the right guy for me!Will you ever be able to forgive him?If he is guilty - NO. I am not a saint, I am no Mother Teresa. Even if he promises to mend his ways, I'll never feel safe with him. If he is not guilty... I'll cross the bridge when I come to it.When the two of you met or spoke after February 5, did you sense something missing?We met after February 5, but there was no trace of fear or guilt in his face or voice. On February 13, we went out and planned a friend's birthday bash. On February 14 - Valentine's Day - we fought about something from the past. After that, I went to Mumbai. When I landed, my friends asked me to read the papers. I told them, 'Amar chhobi beriyechhe? Bhalo lagchhe dekhte?'. I came home and saw the paper and... I was traumatized. I am still in a daze.Some reports say that you broke up with Kadir and are just good friends for the past few months...Utter rubbish! We have been in a steady relationship for the past four years. Like all normal couples, we have our share of fights. Does that spell doom for every relationship? I also read that he went to my sets and brandished a gun - I don't understand from where does the media get such stories? Please check with the team of \" Shotru\" whether Kadir came to the sets or not. He used to tell me, 'Don't mix your work with personal life.'Did Kadir react to your rumoured link-up with Raj Chakrabarty?Not at all. He knew Rajda is like my elder brother and a family friend. He used to tell me this is all filmi gupshup! In fact, we both watched \"Shotru\" in our house and he loved me in the film.How was he as a boyfriend? Was it love at first sight for both of you?No, it was not love at first sight. We met through friends in college and it took three-four months to utter those three words. And when we thought of taking the relationship forward, we broke the news to both our families. They approved of the match. Kadir is one of the most disciplined guys I've come across. He is not the mushy-mushy types but he will make sure his love gets the things she wants, even at 2 am. He is a one-woman man. I never saw him flirting or dancing with any girl at a party. His phone had only my pictures and I never saw any girl calling him. He was the guy who would be beside me whenever I needed him... (After a pause) Kadir is extremely possessive about me. So, at first, he didn't like my profession. He used to say I don't like the whole world watching you and yearning for you. I made him understand. Then, he was okay about it. In fact, when I used to see pretty girls becoming his friends on Facebook, I was not jealous. I used to tell him, \"Kya baat, all good-looking girls are becoming your friends. Proud of you.\" He too was confident about me.You two used to party a lot?Well, very rarely. He had his own set of friends and I had mine. It was a deal between the two of us that we will not question each other about our whereabouts as a minimum amount of trust had to be there. I used to go out with him for drives and the first thing I used to do was to tune in to songs in the car. We used to have a lot of fun. It was not like that we always used to stick to each other.Did you know his group of friends (the group he was with on February 5)? Can you identify the rape victim?I don't know all of Kadir's friends. I haven't seen the girl's face, as of now. And Kadir always used to hang out with boys. He had no girls in his group.It is said that Kadir has underworld connections too...", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11988654", "title": "Reliving the Dev Anand charm", "text": "This Bullet misfired. But the Vijay Anand directed 1976 thriller lived up to Dev Anand's fascination for cops-chasing-goons-and-getting-embroiled-in-mess genre. Co-starring Parveen Babi, this film failed to leave a mark on anybody's heart. But it did have the charm and the style that was quintessentially Dev. Captured by ace lensman Shyam Aurangabadkar, the picture taken on the sets of the film reminds one of what we call the Dev Anand magic.In the picture, Dev Anand is seen holding a pair of aviator shades. The sunglasses, created originally for pilots to protect their eyes in 1936 achieved a cult status and were made popular by the most fashionable Bollywood hero of the 70s.Interestingly, the film brought together Parveen Babi and Kabir Bedi . Now, Parveen had almost given up her Bollywood career once for Kabir, her boyfriend by following him across the seas, when he got a role in an Italian television series, Sandokan.This film also marked the debut of Jyothi Bakshi Gill - an actress, who at the time was hailed as one of the most glamourous women in Hindi cinema. Unfortunately, the glamour fizzled out in her later years. Reportedly, her semi-decomposed body was found at her residence years later. Some even believe, that shunned by the film industry, the actress did not have enough money to support herself. A similar fate, minus the monetary issues awaited the film's female lead Parveen as well. She, who was once pitted against Zeenat Aman , was found dead in her Juhu flat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11983906", "title": "Seniors can wait in comfort at station", "text": "BANGALORE: If you are a senior citizen or a differently abled person, there's some news to cheer you. Your train journeys are going to get smoother.An exclusive waiting area for seniors and differently abled passengers has been commissioned on platform No 1 at the City Railway station. The NGO which runs battery carts for them will man this waiting area, which has a clean toilet and washroom. The NGO will ensure such passengers are picked up at the point of their arrival and taken to the waiting area before boarding their train. Once the train arrives, battery carts will take them to their compartment.The Railways on Tuesday said this is the first-of-its-kind intiative. The venture has been supported by Elgi Equipments India Ltd, Coimbatore, as a part of its corporate social responsibility. Yeshwantpur station will get a similar facility next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11984249", "title": "Eight more arrested for Pashan mob attack", "text": "PUNE: The Chatushrungi police on Tuesday arrested eight more suspects involved in Sunday night's violence at Sutarwadi, in which supporters of Aba Sutar, local leader of the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP), allegedly went on the rampage, ransacking houses, damaging vehicles and assaulting residents.According to the police, the mob attacked the houses of supporters of newly-elected NCP corporator Rohini Chimate. They said Sutar had backed independent candidate candidate Sunil Shivaram Langhi (22) against Chimate in the recently held municipal elections, but he had been defeated.Sutar and 12 of his supporters were arrested on Monday. Later Langhi was also arrested.The seven arrested on Tuesday are Amol Sutar (23), Mahesh Ranpise (19), Sanjay Bonde (26), Sudhir Murkute (29), Akash Sutar (18), Tushar Sutar (27) and Santosh Gawde (31). They have been charged with dacoity and rioting.While seeking police custody of the suspects, police inspector S B Nawle said that some 30 to 40 persons involved in the attack were still untraceable. \"We want to arrest the remaining suspects. We also want to recover the weapons used by them in the attack,\" Nawle said.The court of judicial magistrate first class P K Deshpande sent Langhi and the others to police custody till February 22.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11984414", "title": "2 roughed up over election scuffle", "text": "NASHIK: New cases of violence continue to be reported from different parts of the city over the election results of Nashik Municipal Corporation.The two groups had an argument over car glasses broken during the election.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11984251", "title": "Questions raised over police tender for Force One system", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Maharashtra police's tender to procure a secure communications system for Force One, the elite counter-terrorism unit, has serious lacunae, including a lack of basic understanding of the technology, according to some sources in the security industry.Critics said the problems range from basic appreciation of Terrestrial Trunked Radio (Tetra) technology to lack of vision for the future. In light of the drawbacks, some have suggested that the police invite experts to scrutinize and improve the entire procurement process. However, when asked about the issues raised by a few leading players in the field, additional director-general of police K L Bishnoi said, \"The tender has been technically vetted. I am projecting a tender keeping in mind my requirements. It is for me to decide where and how I want to deploy the network.\" About the queries raised by some of the companies participating in the process, Bishnoi said, \"We have already replied to their clarifications.\"The tender was issued a few weeks ago. One aspect is that the state police want the base station of the system to be mobile, which means it should be fixed in a vehicle and also be able to be taken out. But sources pointed out that the base stations, along with their batteries, are bulky and heavy, and carrying them around was not a feasible option. In the rest of the world, elite special forces have base stations mounted on a vehicle, which is then strategically parked near a theatre of operation.The Mumbai tender also calls for 1.8-watt handsets. But the global standard as defined by the European Telecommunications Standards Institute is 1 watt. Sources said the tender's requirement could favour certain vendors.Experts said the tender also does not speak of the need for inter-operability or future requirements. Given the need for Force One to operate alongside the National Security Guard and intelligence agencies, and probably also the military and others, inter-operability is unavoidable. The tender specifies just one carrier in the base station and does not cater to expandability.The tender also does not appear to conform to the Union home ministry's draft for national Tetra standards. While the ministry calls for upgradability for TEDS ( Tetra Enhanced Data Service), the Maharashtra tender does not provide for this. The tender also says there is no need for a fallback mode, while experts said the guiding principle of Tetra networks is that they should be operational at all times and under all circumstances. Bishnoi said, \"If there is any ambiguity about technical issues, then they (vendors) can seek clarifications from us. But where to use it, how to use it and who all will use it is my responsibility and my decision.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11984577", "title": "'Buddhism has globalised Indian culture'", "text": "VARANASI: Buddhism has not only influenced the art and culture of the country but also globalised the Indian culture. On that note, the Centre of Excellence, department of history, Mahatma Gandhi Kashi Vidyapeeth (MGKV) organised a seven-day national workshop on the 'Role of Buddhism in the Cultural Intergration of India' at the seminar hall of the history department on Tuesday.According to Dr Gopal Yadav, assistant professor, MGKV and spokeperson, over 70 delegates including students, research scholars, senior faculty members from various universities and colleges of the city participated in the seven day workshop.During the workshop, different topics like influence of Bhuddhism on Indian art, effect of Buddhist religion in uplifting social integration and various social organisations of the country, Buddhist literature influencing the Indian Medieval literature and many other related topics were discussed at length on Tuesday.Prof Rana P B Singh, department of geography, Banaras Hindu University ( BHU ); Dr Prithvish Naag, vice chancellor, MGKV; Prof Mahesh Vikram Singh, head of department, MGKV, and many other scholars and professors were present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11984522", "title": "Home-schooling, a compulsion for special kids", "text": "JAIPUR: Janki Tiwari, mother of a seven-year-old child, was surprised when a reputed school in the state capital insisted on the child repeating the senior KG for the third time. Tests revealed that the child had dyslexia and needed special coaching.\"My son had already repeated Jr KG and after three years in school, he could neither identify the alphabets nor was familiar with shapes or figures,'' said Janki, a resident of Bapu Nagar, who was working with a private bank. It was then that she decided to quit her job and opted home-schooling for her son.\"He needed special attention which the school teachers could not give. Me, along with a private tutor, have been giving him that special attention. His reading and writing abilities have improved tremendously but we have decided to continue his studies from home only,'' says Janki.Home-schooling is a new trend catching up world-wide but in Jaipur, it is more out of compulsion than choice that the parents opt for it.A private tutor and a resident of Tilak Nagar, Urmila Jain has been helping students cope up with difficulties for years now. \"It is not practical for teachers in schools to allot as much time and attention to one student and his needs. As a result, more and more parents of children with special needs are opting for private tutors and educating them from home,'' said Jain.The trend, in any case, is because of compulsion. Most parents believe that going to school would be a better option for their kids as that makes them social. However, it sometimes it becomes difficult as the kids start showing withdrawal symptoms or in several cases, too aggressive.\"Aastha went to a normal school for three years. However, she did not quite enjoy the school and hence now we teach her at home,'' said Vijita Mishra, a resident of Jhotwara and mother of 7-year-old Aastha, who was born with down's syndrome. Aastha, who faces not just learning but also speech difficulties, took her time to learn some basic words like 'mama', identify alphabets and learn counting - something she could not manage during the three years that she went to school.\"The good thing about school was she became a little more social and learnt how to interact with kids, which makes us want her to go to school more often,'' says Vijita.Sheetal Dadhich, a teacher for kids with special requirements, has been a private tutor to dozens of students. \"Home-schooling in Jaipur is mainly restricted to children who are either born with down's syndrome or are autistic or mentally challenged. With limited options in special schools, most of them are left with little choice but private tutors,'' she says.However, there are a few rare examples where parents preferred not to send their kids to school in order to ensure better education. Belonging to the hospitality industry, transfers were frequent for Shailendra Baxi, who faced problems getting school admissions for his kids during the middle of a semester. \"We decided home-schooling was the best for both our kids - 13-year-old Sarthak and 8-year-old Priyansh. We find good tutors who pay proper attention to them and they appear for the annual exams conducted by the National Institute of Open Schooling ,'' says Baxi, a resident of Vaishali Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11983888", "title": "Art of dividing Lingayats makes BSY furious", "text": "BANGALORE: The presence of chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda and state BJP chief K S Eshwarappa at recent Lingayat events has not gone down well with former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa.With the Gowda-Eshwarappa combo appearing determined to win over the Lingayats, community strongman Yeddyurappa has warned them their efforts would be futile. Without naming anyone, Yeddyurappa on Tuesday maintained that some top leaders of his own party were trying to divide the Lingayat community. \"Seers of prominent Lingayat mutts told me that a few bigwigs in the BJP are attempting to divide the community,\" he said.The presence of Gowda and Eshwarappa at a Panchamasali (Lingayat sub-sect) convention at Gokak town and the foundation stone laying ceremony for the installation of Kotilingeshwara at Tumkur Siddaganga Mutt, and the fact that he was not invited to these two events, has irked the former chief minister. It is said Yeddyurappa planned his Kashi trip on Monday to avoid the embarrassment of not being invited to the Siddaganga event. These developments are seen as Gowda-Eshwarappa's attempt to guide a chunk of the community away from the beleaguered leader.The Lingayat community's support has been Yeddyurappa's biggest political asset and he has been using it to his advantage. Pontiffs of several mutts have rallied behind him during his bad times and also during imprisonment. \"People indulging in divisive politics will walk out of the party soon,\" Yeddyurappa warned.It is widely speculated that the intention was not only to keep Yeddyurappa at bay, but to send a signal that he wasn't the only Lingayat leader in the state, as being made out by his supporters. In fact, at the Gokak function, a few pontiffs openly took on Yeddyurappa, blaming him for doing little for the community. Marginalized, Yeddyurappa and his supporters are now planning a massive convention at Gokak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11984704", "title": "Cars fail to meet green norms, taxi owners in a fix", "text": "KOLKATA: Cab owners in Kolkata are facing a peculiar conundrum. Following the Calcutta high court Green Bench order to phase out all 15-year-old commercial vehicles, owners of 4,000-odd smoke belching Ambassador taxis want to replace their vehicles with new ones. But they are unable to do so because Hindustan Motors (HM) that manufactures Ambassador cars do not meet the latest emission norms.Nearly two years after Bharat Stage IV emission norms became mandatory for new vehicles in 11 cities, including Kolkata, HM is still struggling with the development of a 1.5 litre BS IV diesel engine that powers the Ambassador variant used as taxis. The company does have a BS IV-compliant Ambassador fitted with 2-litre diesel Isuzu engine but its price is Rs 1 lakh more than the 1.5 litre vehicle that taxi operators find unviable.Sources in the company said development of the BS IV engine was taken up nearly two years ago, well before the new norm came into force on April 1, 2010. But progress has been very slow. \"The engine may be introduced around the end of this year. Till then, HM cannot sell new taxis,\" one of them said. \"It will be more expensive than the BS III version as there is considerable investment going into the engine upgrade,\" he added.Days before the BS IV norms became mandatory in new vehicles, the company had moved the government, seeking a relaxation that allows the company to sell BS III taxis till the new engine is introduced. It was provisionally granted for three months and then extended till March 2011. Thereafter, registration of BS III vehicles stopped. The company has recently asked the transport department for concession till December 2012 but there has been no response yet.Faced with the high court stricture and risking cabs being seized, owners of 15-year-old taxis want the government to extend the BS III concession period till the BS IV Amby is introduced. They argue that the old taxis belching noxious fumes need to be urgently replaced and that BS III cars that emit only slightly more pollution than BS IV ones are better for the environment.However, the government's decision on the matter will be tricky given that it can be challenged at court since the timeline for emission reduction was announced several years ago in the national auto fuel policy. Moreover, taxi owners have an option to switch to other vehicles, including Tata Indica CS and Mahindra Verito that have BS IV compliant diesel engines and are used as taxis in other cities.Taxi owners, however, quote the low price of Ambassador taxis and ease of maintenance at roadside workshops for their preference. Till March 2011, HM offered Rs 45,000 as scrap value for old taxis. This amount was deducted from the price of 1.5 litre diesel Amby at Rs 4.3 lakh. Hence, old taxis could be replaced with a new one at just Rs 3.85 lakh. \"Given the poor financial position of HM, we are not sure if another replacement scheme will be launched soon. As of now, the fate of many taxis operators is uncertain,\" said Sanjeeb Roy, assistant secretary, Bengal Taxi Association. Though the outfit has informed HM about their difficulties but they are yet to get a response.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "11986429", "title": "Steel City to host Jesuit meet", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Superior General of the Society of Jesus Father Adolfo Nicolas is in the city to take part in a series of events.During his stay here till February 23, he will attend a meeting of the Jesuit Conference of South Asia. The 73-year-old Spanish Father, who took charge of the 17,000 Jesuits and their work in over 125 countries of the world on January 19, 2008, is on his first official visit here after he took over as the Superior General.Father Nicolas will deliver a lecture on Education for Transformation at XLRI on February 23. He already had a meeting with Tata Steel MD H M Nerurkar and the chairman of XLRI board of governors.He will meet Bishop Felix Toppo of Jamshedpur on February 23. Father Nicolas is accompanied by Father Lisbert D'Souza, the general assistant for South Asia , and Father Marcos Recolons, the general assistant to South America , both residing at the Society headquarters in Rome .\"He understands and speaks with deep insight about the spirituality of the East and of the West, the economic challenges and issues of wealthy and impoverished societies and the concern at the relationship of the North and the South. With his wide experience, he will give us an insight and also inspire the new generation,\" said a senior faculty of XLRI, who is also a member of the reception committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11985710", "title": "Montek's suggestion not practical, says BIA chief", "text": "PATNA: Taking a cue from RBI governor D Subbarao's statement that industries of Bihar need holistic development, the Bihar Industries Association (BIA) has stated this is important to strengthen local industries to attract outside investment.Talking to TOI, BIA president K P S Keshri called for government support and tax concessions to local industries till they reach a level-playing field to compete with the industries of other states. He said the suggestion of Planning Commission's deputy chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia at the 'Global Summit on Changing Bihar' for withdrawing tax concessions to industries was not practical in the case of Bihar as the state's industries were yet to develop, gain strength and prosper.He said that Bihar Industrial Incentive Policy 2006 and 2011 were among the best such policies in the country, but their implementation remained tardy due to apathy of subordinate and field staff of the state government. \"Even the State Investment Promotion Board (SIPB), which had its origin in single window system, has been giving only in-principle approval for setting up industries. Most of the promoters and entrepreneurs have to wait and move around for final approval of their industrial projects,\" Keshri said.Keshri reiterated the BIA demand for allowing Private Public Partnership (PPP), under which a private entrepreneur or group of entrepreneurs could purchase industrial plot of around 25 acres with government providing the cost for development of industrial infrastructure on it. Under such a policy, industries in the manufacturing, service, food processing industries and other sectors could have their own separate clusters to house their units.Under PPP mode, common facility centres should be established at least at Muzaffarpur, Hajipur, Patna and Bhagalpur for providing cold chain for vegetables, fruits, fruit products and pulp. This will enable value addition to farm products which could be marketed in big cities and other distant places. The Union government provides 50% subsidy for such infrastructure development, he stated, adding an air cargo complex should also be established at the Patna airport. He stressed on proactive role by the government in giving purchase preference to quality products of local industries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11985861", "title": "Central Coalfields Ltd women workers to operate machines in mines", "text": "RANCHI: The day is not far when women workers of the Central Coalfields Ltd (CCL), a subsidiary of Coal India Ltd , will operate heavy machines and vehicles.Till date, the coal-mining company did not permit any women to operate heavy machines and vehicles. Sources in the CCL said keeping in view the importance of human resources, the company has come up with a new training module for its women workforce.There will be three main components which include education drives for illiterate employees and use their services according to their ability, arrange computer training for Class X pass women and train such educated women who are interested to work on machines and heavy vehicles.There are 4,958 women employees in the company, including 120 executives. Around 4,690 women are working in different areas of CCL.\"In future, women workforce can be seen working in mining areas on sophisticated machines and vehicles, including drill, dumper and shovel. If they are interested then they will be also engaged at the central repair shop,\" said CCL spokesperson Anupam Kumar Rana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11984181", "title": "Unhappy voters split on parties", "text": "Mulayam's Gunda Raj And Mayawati's Display Of Wealth Major FactorsNOIDA/GREATER NOIDA: With Gautam Budh district facing polls in the sixth and last phase, the results in the area are expected to be a major deciding factor as to which party will run the state. For many living in western Uttar Pradesh, memories of Mulayam Singh Yadav's 'gunda-raj' over the state haven't faded away. On the other hand, Mayawati's blatant display of wealth and corruption allegations have left many disillusioned. In such a situation, the race between the elephant and the cycle ultimately becomes a question of whether the voters can forgive Mayawati's corruption and Mulayam's violence.Noida: The debutant Noida assembly seat has about 2.5 lakh urban voters and 1.5 lakh rural voters. While the urban vote base is tilted towards the BJP, among the 1.5 lakh rural voters residing across the 52 villages there is a strong undercurrent against the incumbent BSP government.In the Yadav dominated villages of Sorkha and Sarfabad, which became the epicentre of the farmers' protest, the villagers declare that SP has an edge. \"While the BSP never had the support of the Yadavs, the increasing instances of corruption and anti farmers' policies have strengthened SP's stronghold,\" said Naresh Yadav, headman of Sorkha. There are about 8,000 Yadavs in the two villages who are pro SP. There are also about 500 Brahmins, 600 Muslims and 500 Dalits there. The Brahmin votes get divided between the BJP and the Congress, while the Muslims have pledged their support to SP.The SP has chosen to field Sunil Choudhary, a Gujjar candidate, while the major political parties have fielded Brahmin candidates from Noida. This has helped the SP establish a stronghold in the Noida villages.Jewar: The recent farmers' agitation has changed the political equations in Jewar seat completely. Residents say that while the lack of development work dented the BSP's support base, the May 7 clash between the farmers and the administration in Bhatta and Parsaul seems to have massacred all chances of the BSP regaining support in the area.The Jewar assembly seat is especially crucial this time considering that Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi had, in a way, sounded the poll bugle for the UP elections from Bhatta Parsaul. Jewar comprises of around 2.87 lakh voters and is a Jat dominated constituency. The villagers say \"barring a handful of Valmikis, they will not vote for BSP this time.\" The Congress has tried to make full use of the farmer unrest and fielded candidate Thakur Dhirendra Singh, who drove Rahul on his motorbike to Bhatta.However, the Janata Dal (United)'s decision to field Manvir Tewatia, who led the farmer agitation and has been in jail since, has presented a major obstacle in Congress' path.Dadri: The disillusionment with Mayawati is nowhere as apparent as it is in Badalpur in Dadri, her ancestral village where the construction of a massive mansion, allegedly for her personal use, has left many discontent. The financial assets of Satveer Singh Gujjar, BSP candidate from Dadri, increased by 3,776% in 2012 as opposed to his declared assets in 2007, and this has only added to the anti-Maya sentiment.Dadri, primarily a Gujjar dominated area, doesn't have a significant Yadav population which is a crucial segment of SP's traditional vote bank.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11986145", "title": "Official charged in teachers' test scam moves HC", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Secretary, Board of Secondary Education, Prabha Tripathi, has approached the Allahabad High Court seeking stay of her arrest in connection with the Teachers Eligibility Test (TET) scam.Tripathi, through a writ petition, has raised apprehension of her arrest in connection with the TET scam and submitted that she had nothing to do with it.A division bench of the Allahabad High Court, though has not granted her interim relief, but asked the state government counsel to seek instructions in this case. The bench of Justice D P Singh and Justice V P Pathak has directed to hear the case on February 24. It is believed that soon after the arrest of Board director, Sanjay Mohan, in connection with the TET scam, the petitioner was also apprehending her arrest and therefore she approached the High Court seeking stay of her arrest.Pointedly, the secretary has not been attending her office and her whereabouts were not known since last Sunday. The Board officials were also ignorant about her current whereabouts and were not in a position to tell if she was on leave.Appointments quashed: The Allahabad High Court has quashed the appointment of three persons as stenographer in judgeship Moradabad, holding that their appointments were against the statutory rules. The order was passed by Justice Sudhir Agarwal, allowing the writ petition filed by Kumari Minakshi and others, challenging their appointment.The writ petition was filed on the allegation that all the three persons were found extremely inefficient in typing test and had performed below the prescribed minimum limit but they were given appointment as stenographer by means of order dated June 5, 1990 on their assurance that they will improve their typing.The high court after hearing the counsels quashed the order of appointment and allowed the writ petition with a cost of Rs 25,000 against the then district judge of Moradabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11985756", "title": "Station masters demand filling up of vacancies", "text": "MADURAI: Station masters in the Madurai division have appealed to the railway board to fill up over 120 vacancies, which have been lying vacant for several years. The station masters, who attended the annual general body meeting of the All India Station Masters Association, Madurai division on Tuesday, said that filling up of vacancies will relieve them of the enormous work pressure that they undergo at present.Out of the total strength of 597 positions in Madurai division, the actual strength is 473 and the remaining 124 positions are lying vacant. The non-recruitment of personnel had led to enormous work pressure on the present strength and the station masters are forced to work more than 12 hours in a day, said K M Mohan, secretary of AISMA.Further, in most of the stations other than junctions, only one station master is deployed for the duty and he has to handle the entire station including the centralised panel, which is taking a toll on their health. Many station masters are struggling to clear the annual medical test and out of 12 supernumerary positions (SNP) in the division, eight of them are station masters.\"They suffer from heart ailments, eye problems and other stress-related health issues making them unfit for the job. They are languishing as SNPs without work, unsure of their future though the railways pays them,\" Mohan pointed out. Hence, AISMA has resolved to urge the railway board to fill the vacancies immediately and provide alternate positions to SNP staff.John Vincent, secretary-general of AISMA said that the station masters, one at each station are unable to handle both indoor and outdoor works. There should be two station masters for every station to handle these two different activities of station handling and panel handling, he added.\"It has caused serious safety concerns though railways collect Rs 3 as safety charges from every passenger. Hence, railways should address the issue with utmost importance by filling the vacancies of station masters on a war-footing,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11984705", "title": "Locked in mall loo, girl jumps from window", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 17-year-old girl was injured after she allegedly jumped in panic from the first floor of a shopping complex in southwest Delhi. The girl had gone to the washroom in the complex and someone locked her inside, said police. She has received injuries on her legs due to the fall.No case was registered in the incident which took place in Vardhman Shopping Complex in Dwarka around 2:30pm.The girl, a student of a leading south Delhi school, had gone to the washroom of the complex and an unidentified person locked the door from outside. Police said the teenager was terrified and jumped from the window of the washroom.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11984749", "title": "Calvim mishap survivor 'surfaces' after 4 days", "text": "PANAJI: Four days after six persons, including four school children, drowned when a private mini bus plunged into the Mapusa river at the Aldona-Calvim ferry wharf in Aldona, it has now come to light that a 17-year-old student who was in the bus swam to the shore and survived.Police found Samarth Shirodkar, 17, a student studying in the vocational course at St Thomas Higher Secondary, who informed them he was in the bus along with the victims when driver Rajesh Chandrakant Naik, 26, whose father is the bus owner, failed to apply the brakes and therefore lost control.\"Shirodkar said he was standing near the passenger door, when the driver lost control and the bus plunged into the river. He tried to hold on to the door, but due to the impact, he was thrown out of the bus into the river close to the shore and therefore managed to swim out,\" police said.The teenager reached home in Nachinola and informed his father about the incident. Police said, \"They didn't tell anyone about the incident. Witnesses informed police they had seen Shirodkar swim out of the river. We searched for the boy and about 11pm on Saturday found him at his residence and recorded his statement.\"Police said they got confident about Shirodkar's presence in the bus, as a girl student, who was a regular passenger in the bus informed police that she had seen Shirodkar and the bus driver swim out of water after the accident.\"We first thought the girl had drowned. But she informed us that she took another bus after her physics practical exam and was waiting at the ferry point when the accident happened,\" police said.Shirodkar further informed police that bus conductor Janu Harmalkar had got down almost 100 metres from the site of the accident. \"The teenager said Harmalkar got down to fill water in his bottle. On seeing the bus go into the water, he rushed to the spot. The teenager saw him at the ferry point when he swam to the shore,\" police said.Harmalkar in his statement to the police has confirmed what Shirodkar said. \"Even driver Naik in his statement said he was driving the bus and the conductor had got down at a bus stop that's prior to the stop at Aldona-Calvim ferry wharf,\" police said.The statements of the survivor, driver and conductor put to rest speculation that the conductor was driving the bus when the accident happened. \"To reaffirm the facts, we will be asking for the mobile location of the accused and the conductor at the time of the accident,\" police added.The bus driver has been arrested by police and booked for culpable homicide. The government has ordered a magisterial inquiry. The incident occurred around 12.20pm on Saturday.The children fished out of the bus were identified as Priyal Salgaocar, 10, sisters Dyna, 8, and Elvina Dias, 11, Nagle Gracias, 11, all students of St Thomas Girls High School, Aldona. The other bodies retrieved were identified as Josephine Dias, 58, from Calvim and Dayanand Hoble, 55, of Mayem, Bicholim in North Goa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11984999", "title": "Transport dept cracks down on public buses", "text": "PANAJI: Taking cognizance of his department's report noting that the hand brake of the ill-fated Calvim bus was not working, transport director Arun Desai ordered that all passenger buses in Goa including buses owned by the Kadamba transport corporation be subjected to four checks. These include checks on the functioning of hand brakes, emergency doors, play in steering wheels and worn-out tyres.Desai told TOI that after RTO inspectors got into the act of checking buses for these four parameters since Monday afternoon, they had detected 43 buses with one or more of these faults till Tuesday evening. He said that most of the buses had non-functioning hand brakes. Some had non-working emergency doors. Desai said challans were issued to these buses and the owners were directed to get the faults repaired at the earliest. The buses have to be brought from re-inspection by RTO officers after the faults are rectified, Desai said.The transport director said that the earlier issued 'fitness certificates\" of two buses were also cancelled and the owners have to bring the buses for fresh fitness checks after rectifying the faults.In a related development, the transport department has requested the Goa chief electoral officer for his NOC to put another bus on the Mapusa-Calvim route as a replacement for the \"killer bus\". Desai said the residents of Calvim were inconvenienced due to the non-availability of a bus and had requested for a Kadamba bus as a replacement. Desai said the CEO's office assured him that it will issue the NOC to give a temporary permit to a Kadamba bus on Wednesday morning itself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11985622", "title": "Varun enamoured by Kukke Temple", "text": "MANGALORE: Member of Parliament representing Pilibhit, Varun Gandhi, along with close associates, visited the Kukke Subrahmanya Temple at Subrahmanya near here on Tuesday. Varun, who arrived in the city on Monday, left for the temple town from the airport and halted at the guest house there overnight. Officials led by Puttur assistant commissioner Sundar Bhat received Varun Gandhi at the temple which he visited this morning to offer prayers.Rajesh Naik, a friend of Varun Gandhi, told TOI that the MP had heard a lot about the temple through his other friends and was desirous of visiting it. Since it was a personal visit, Varun completely avoided interacting with the media. The local police had made elaborate arrangements for this outspoken leader of the saffron brigade. He spent a little over one hour at the temple, before returning to the city.A Venkatraj, protocol officer of the temple, told TOI that Varun offered ashlesha bali seve, shesha seve and abhisheka to the presiding deity. \"He arrived at the temple at 8am and performed various sevas and had darshan of the deity and left an hour later,\" he said, adding that the young MP expressed his wish to visit the temple with his family at a later date. The MP also expressed his appreciation at the arrangements made for the visit, he noted. Rajesh said Varun's interest in the temple was evinced by the description given by his friends who had visited it earlier.As per the information given by friends accompanying the MP, Rajesh said, Varun loved the visit, especially the lush green scenery that surrounds the temple, and the ambience of the temple.Varun later left for Delhi via Mumbai. The temple regularly attracts high-profile visitors from various sections of society, Venkatraj added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11984025", "title": "Police will seize arms in cases of misuse", "text": "BANGALORE: You may have the licence to possess a revolver. But that doesn't mean you can pull the trigger as and when you want. Police may cancel your licence, seize the weapon or even initiate criminal proceedings against you if you fail to give a convincing explanation about why you used the firearm.After two incidents of indiscriminate firing was reported in just about a week, cops have decided to call for a zonal-level meeting with all licensed weapon holders and ask them to handle their weapons with utmost care.While a high-end car driver fired thrice at a taxi that refused to give him way and injured a boy in the cab last week in Sadashivnagar, another binging MUV driver fired five rounds in the air on being refused a special Shivaratri puja at Amruthahalli on Monday night. The incidents have sent the enforcement machinery into a tizzy. While the high-end car driver continues to remain unidentified, the MUV driver, an interior designer, was nabbed within hours of the incident.Additional commissioner of police (law and order) T Sunil Kumar told TOI that the zonal deputy commissioner of police will chair the meeting with the licensed arms holders.\"DCPs will summon all gun licencees in their jurisdiction and advise them not to misuse their weapons. It has come to our notice that people are pulling out their revolvers at the simplest excuse and even threatening others. In some cases, they open fire.The case of Bangalore realtor Govardhan Murthy allegedly shooting budding actor Vinod dead over a trivial issue is the best example,\" he said.Kumar said that guns seemed to make those wielding it extra brave. \"For example, in the Amruthahalli case, the accused was drunk when he opened three rounds of fire in the air on Shivaratri night. What if he had pointed the gun at someone?\" Kumar said.Kumar made it clear that police will take legal action against those brandishing guns to threaten others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11984618", "title": "Radio diagnosis and imaging facility lacks at SSL", "text": "VARANASI: Delay in upliftment of radio diagnosis and imaging facility at Sir Sunder Lal (SSL) Hospital, Banaras Hindu University, is preventing the 'AIIMS of East UP' to be at par with other premier medical institutions.While the field has witnessed rapid advancement with ultrasound, color Doppler ultrasound, CT Scan and magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) replacing the old radio diagnosis and imaging techniques, if the reports of the department are to be believed, it has still a long way to go for offering radiological and imaging services round-the-clock to match other premier institutions, including Sanjay Gandhi Post Graduate Institute of Medical Sciences (SGPGIMS) and Aligarh Muslim University's medical college which are centrally funded.As per reports of Department of Radio diagnosis and Imaging, BHU, apart from CT Scan and X-rays that are done round-the-clock, other services including ultrasound and MRI are conducted for a limited period. This has created a backlog of patients that need correct radiological and imaging investigations for diagnosis of diseases. In BHU, ultrasound service is available in two shifts, starting from 8.30 am to 3 pm and then 5 pm to 9 pm. Similarly, MRI is only done till 3 pm on advance booking system.The department carries a load of 70 to 80 CT scans along with 25 MRIs and up to 50 ultrasounds per day. However, the figure is meager if one considers the service offered by 1200-bed hospital that caters more than 3,000 patients that come from near and far away places in the country. \"If the up gradation of radiological and imaging facilities would be made, these services could be offered to a number of deserving patients on round-the-clock basis,\" said Prof OP Sharma, former head and senior professor of the department.Emphasising the need for upgrading the services for the benefit of patients, the senior professor said both CT Scan and MRI are quite useful in diagnosis of brain and cardiac diseases and these services should be extended round-the-clock. \"Though CT Scan is being done round-the-clock under public-private partnership (PPP) model, MRI and ultrasounds also need to be done round-the-clock to offer radiological and imaging facilities,\" he added.If the limited radiological and imaging services at SSL are preventing the true benefits to the patients, lack of other services including endoscopic and pre-operative ultrasound are not doing justice to the tag of AIIMS of east UP to the hospital. As per reports of the department, while new technology including radionuclide-study, positron-emission tomography (PET), PET-CT (combination of PET and CT), PET-MRI and high intensity focused ultrasound (HIFU) have been added globally, these facilities are still lacking in BHU hospital.According to Prof. Sharma, interventional radiology is coming up in a big way and is one of the emerging fields where the department needs up gradation or it will be left behind in comparison to other premier medical institutions in the country. It is a relatively new section for radio-diagnosis department which treats the disease or diagnose disease with the help of ultrasound or CT to avoid surgical procedures. It not only reduces the cost of surgery and stay in hospital but also reduces the psychological stress and strain to the people as well as their relatives. Conditions like hemiplegic, quadriplegia due to vascular malformation including aneurysm are now being treated through interventional radiology rather than brain surgery. But, it is only being done so far in Lucknow and PPP model could be replicated in other institutes including BHU to give fillip to these services, he added on the occasion.Similarly, the up gradation of radiological and imaging services offer help in coronary bypass graft surgery, where the need of surgery is minimized due to medicated stent placement in coronary arteries. The HIFU technique has been found to be best suited for radiologists in treating fibroid in female and certain malignancies in both sexes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11985951", "title": "Man caught with ganja gets 2 years' RI", "text": "CHENNAI: A 45-year-old man has been sentenced to two years rigorous imprisonment after he was found guilty of committing offences under the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances (NDPS) Act, 1985.E Babu, a resident of Shenoy Nagar, was also fined Rs 25,000. C Chinnappan, principal judge, special court under the NDPS Act, convicted and sentenced Babu. Public prosecutor Dhamal T Kanna said Babu had been caught while transporting 1.1 kg of ganja on August 15, 2002. A case was registered at T P Chathram police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11986221", "title": "Bamboo meet to promote cultivation", "text": "MYSORE: A two-day state-level bamboo convention 'Bidiru Mela 2012' has been organized in Mysore from February 22 to 23.The main objective of the convention is to promote the cultivation of bamboo groves on forested and private areas, to reduce dependency on forest for bamboo, to promote marketing of bamboo, to facilitate the growers to sell the product, to continuously supply bamboo to industry and craftspersons, to increase coverage area of bamboo cultivation, promote, develop technologies through a seamless blend of traditional wisdom and modern scientific knowledge and to generate employment for skilled and unskilled persons.About 136 varieties of bamboo are found in India while 'hebbidiru' and 'kiribidiru' are found in large numbers in the state. Though there is a huge demand for bamboo for various purposes including handicraft, its supply is dwindling.The Centre has sponsored a scheme to promote bamboo cultivation and encourage cottage industries through National Bamboo Mission. As part of the mission, Karnataka forest department and Western Ghats Task Force have organized the mela at Kalamandira from Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11988917", "title": "Vikram\u2019s heading to alleppey", "text": "The Tamil star will be heading to Kerala to shoot for Bejoy Nambiar's Bollywood film DavidBollywood star Aamir Khan spent two days shooting in Alleppey recently. Now, there is more treat for the localities. Tamil star Vikram will be heading to Alleppey too. The actor is currently in Mangalore, shooting for director Bejoy Nambiar's much-hyped bilingual film David. The film has been in the news for various signings and changes in star cast for a while now, the latest update involved Bollywood star Shah Rukh Khan. Actor Jiiva is also said to be a part of this thriller that requires three lead actors. In addition to that, there is a lot of expectation, especially since Bejoy's last film was Shaitan - a film that more or less set a new standard for filmmaking in Bollywood.A part of the crew of David is currently in Alleppey for a recce. They are finalising on shooting locations for a couple of scenes in the film that will feature Vikram. The shoot will take place over four days in March this year. A person currently involved in the planning says, \"It seems like they have a rather complicated shoot planned for these four days, which is probably why there is so much preparation going into it. The team is keeping the dates of shoot under wrap as they do not want to attract too much crowd that might interfere with their tight schedule.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "modinagar", "code": "11984172", "title": "Ajit trains guns on Maya at poll rally", "text": "MODINAGAR: Rashtriya Lok Dal president Ajit Singh on Tuesday said that lawlessness, corruption and land scams reigned supreme during the Mayawati-led Bahujan Samaj Party government in Uttar Pradesh.A probe would be held into \"accumulation of wealth\" by Mayawati in the event of the Congress-RLD combine coming to power in UP, Singh told an election rally. The Congress-RLD government would also return the land acquired from farmers in the name of development to them, he said. Targeting Mulayam Singh Yadav, the RLD chief alleged the objective of both the SP head and Mayawati was to accumulate money.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11984088", "title": "Father arrested for son\u2019s kidnap", "text": "MUMBAI: The city crime branch on Tuesday arrested a 30-year-old man and his first wife for kidnapping the former's three-year-old son for ransom. The boy was rescued from Malwani nearly two months after he went missing.The accused, Naresh Janardhan Ingale, told the police that he wanted to teach his second wife, Swati, a lesson. He accused her of \"troubling him over who domestic issues\".Ingale, a DTP operator in a software firm, is a resident of of Indira Nagar near Juhu Tara Road, Santa Cruz. His son, Kalpak, went missing on December 25 last year. Ingale went to the Santa Cruz police to lodge a complaint a day later. The missing person complaint was converted into a kidnapping case after Ingale claimed to have got a ransom call.Ingale said the caller, who identified herself as Yashika Singh, told him that she would give him information about his son, but would have to be paid Rs 5 lakh for that. Since then, Ingale visited the police station every day.Then, the caller contacted Swati and asked her to cough up Rs 2 lakh. She also warned that Kalpak would be killed if the money was not paid.The crime branch then began a parallel probe. \"We learnt that a young boy had been seen with a Malwani woman. The police raided the woman's house and found Kalpak there. The woman, identified as Naziya Shaikh alias Naziya Shahid Khan (25), was arrested,\" said Himanshu Roy, crime branch chief. It was, however, not clear if she was the same woman who had called up as Yashika.Naziya said Ingale had brought the boy to her on December 25. Based on her statement, Ingale was arrested; he reportedly confessed to having plotted the kidnapping. \"Naziya is Ingale's first wife. He married her in 2005 as Shahid Khan. Ingale told us that his current wife Swati, whom he married in 2008, would often fight with him. So, he wanted to teach her a lesson,\" said investigating officer Sagar Shivalkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11986074", "title": "Education department official told to cough up Rs 25,000", "text": "MUMBAI: \"You people are heartless,\" said the Bombay High Court on Tuesday to the state education department even as it imposed \"exemplary costs\" of Rs 25,000 on Shanti Kumar Gupta, former joint director, higher education (Mumbai), for \"harassing\" a college principal who did not accede to his demands for admissions. Gupta is now posted in Aurangabad. A division bench of Justice D K Deshmukh and Justice R Y Ganoo heard a petition filed by Malini Johri, principal of Chinai College of Commerce and Economics, Andheri. Johri was appointed principal on January 15, 2001. However, Gupta gave approval for the post and fixed her pay scale from March 16, 2002. Therefore, her pension was calculated from 2002 instead of 2001.After her superannuation on May 15, 2008, Johri was given an extension by the management, and continues as principal till date.Observing that it is \"nonapplication of mind\", the judges said there is no reason why Gupta declined to approve Johri's appointment from the date of her appointment. \"We find that the Respondent No. 5 (Gupta) acted in a most careless manner. In our opinion, he should have been more careful considering that the office was writing letters to the college to fill up the vacancy and threatening to stop salaries.'' The judges said action of Gupta resulted in \"harassment'' of Johri after her retirement. The judges said this is a \"fit case\" where the director of education and principal secretary, department of higher education, \"should look and examine conduct of Respondent No. 5 (Gupta) to find if he committed any misconduct\". They also added that it will be appropriate to impose exemplary costs on Gupta.Justice Deshmukh said, \"How many teachers you must be troubling like this? One teacher has come to court. You people are heartless.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11984487", "title": "Windows of dozen cars smashed by rowdies", "text": "JAIPUR: Some rowdy youngsters on motorcycles smashed the windows of at least a dozen cars parked in residential colonies in Motidungari, Jawahar Nagar and Adarsh Nagar areas on Monday night. Police said that the youth were apparently under the influence of alcohol and damaged the cars parked outside the houses just for fun.The landline phones at three police stations started ringing early morning when the people came out of their houses and found their cars damaged. When they came to know that several other cars were also damaged, they got scared.\"About a dozen FIRs have been registered with the Motidungari, Jawahar Nagar and Adarsh Nagar police stations. We have got a tip-off that there were about six youths who were seen riding on the bike in affected colonies late in the night,\" a police officer said.\"It seems that the youngsters had used sticks to smash the glass windows,\" the officer said.He added that all the cars were parked outside the houses. \"Further investigation is going on. We are trying to identify the miscreants,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11984627", "title": "Sri Sri Academy spreads 'green' message", "text": "KOLKATA: Sri Sri Academy on Tuesday celebrated its second Founder's Day by organizing the annual exhibition, Prithvi Prayas - II, which focused on environmental concern.Dr Nirupam Bajpai, director of Columbia Global Centers and senior development advisor at the Earth Institute at Columbia University, New York, graced the occasion as the chief guest and inaugurated the two-day programme. He also delivered a speech on \"Sustainable Development in India - How can we grow and develop in the midst of climate change\", explaining how every individual can contribute towards fighting global warming and climate change.\"Scientific data shows us today that global warming is real and unless we change course, there'll be serious problems for humanity very soon. The biggest challenge lies in the fact that it is a global phenomenon and we need a global consensus to fight it,and we've tried instilling within them such values by organizing the exhibition\" Bajpai said. He elucidated on factors that can control degeneration of the environment like carbon capture, saving water and electricity among other things. He also released the school magazine, Srikiran, on the occasion.Interestingly, the items on display at the exhibition were all made from recycled matter. Apart from displaying models and charts on issues that can save the environment like alternate sources of energy, garbage recycling and integrated solid waste management among others, the exhibition also focused on India, its flora and fauna as well as mineral deposits. A book fair, displaying a wide range of books was also organized within the school premises.\"Our founder, Sri Sri Ravi Shankar , whom we fondly call Guruji lays emphasis on caring for the planet. He says the earth nourishes us and it is important that we take care of it. Today's programme is a continuation of Guruji's vision,\" Suvina Shunglu, principal of the school, said. \"Being environment-friendly is something that we need to teach children from a very young age. Children should be taught to appreciate the beauty of the earth and to value the gifts that it bestows on us.As the students prepared for the exhibition, they found out new concepts about recycling. We cannot bring about a revolution overnight, we need to motivate young children towards caring for the environment,and we've tried instilling within them such values by organizing the exhibition\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11984559", "title": "E-mail... SMS, what's that? Philatelic collectors leave their stamp on the city", "text": "GURGAON: At an age when e-mails and SMSs have almost replaced letter writing, postal stamp collection may appear to be quaint as a hobby. It may be easy to assume that just as modern technology has rendered letters themselves obsolete, modern times have made the collection of stamps old-fashioned. But that is not the case and as experts say, there is much more to philately - the study and collection of stamps - than meets the eye. \"Stamps can sell for lakhs or even crores, at the stamp collectors' market,\" says Udai Saxena, an old-timer in this field. A stamp released in the country on August 15, 1948, carrying Gandhi's profile with a special inscription has a market value of at least Rs 90 lakh. \"Only 200 of these were made, and some are in the national museum,\" he says. Saxena, like many of his fellow philatelists has mounted an exhibition of his collection of over 45 years at the state-organized stamp collector's event in Gurgaon named'Parindey-2012.' Saxena started young, at the age of 6, and is still devoted to his hobby with a child-like fervour. A technical expert on food-security, his job allows him extensive travel. \"And wherever I go, I take some time out to visit the local post office to pick up some stamps.\" Stamp collectors usually try to narrow down their areas of interest and attempt to build theme-based portfolios. Saxena's theme is greeting cards. That of Vinod Sabharwal, another stamp collector based out of Gurgaon, is Antarctica and Himalayas. Sabharwal is a professional philatelist as well as a businessman, and runs indiastampghar.com, a daily updated website for like-minded enthusiasts. \"If you are lucky enough, stamps can sell for big money. But money isn't the only inspiration. Collecting stamps for years and looking them up after so many years is a strange feeling,\" he says. Postal stamps gain in value what they lose in time, and are as expensive as they are rare. It could turn to be a lucrative investment if the collector keeps tabs on the market prices and is shrewd enough with the buy-or-sell conundrum. Philatelists, in fact, will swear that you could make a living out of it. For instance, old Victorian stamps can fetch their owners decent amounts in the international market.An 1854 four-anna stamp having a portrait of Queen Victoria, accidentally published upside down, is considered the most expensive in the country costing over a crore, and of which only 28 pieces were released. \"I know many who just deal in stamps and make a living,\" adds Sabharwal. But, of course, as Sabharwal mentioned - money isn't the only inspiration. 'Pleasure' is a word that keeps coming up when you are talking to a philatelist. And then there are other values ascribed to the hobby. \"You can learn about history, about that particular figure featured on the stamp. That's why I started collecting stamps some 20 years back,\" says Sandeep Kumar, who has come all the way from Sirsa to participate in the philatelic exhibition. Sixty-seven-year-old R K Bhatia, a collector and dealer in postal stamps has come all the way from Amritsar. \"I started in 1956, and my collection includes all the stamps released in the country post-1947,\" he says with pride.Bhatia is happy to see school kids participating in the event, and see the popular interest soar in what was earlier his hobby and is now his profession. The state has also started taking a fair amount of interest in philately - the Parindey exhibition was inaugurated by the chief election commissioner of India, S Y Quereshi, and the deputy commissioner of Gurgaon, P C Meena.And collectors are now mulling putting together an official platform to facilitate better networking. \"Far from killing it, new technology has helped revive the hobby. Now you can interact with millions of collectors worldwide through the internet,\" says Bhatia.'My Stamp' A Hit Among StudentsOn the sidelines of Parindey 2012, a unique service is being offered - participants can get their own pictures printed as stamp.The My Stamp counter is in the city for the first time. Children particularly like this event. It costs Rs 300 to get a set of 12 such stamps. \"Through My Stamp, one can get their own photograph printed with picture chosen from the various templates and use it as an official stamp,\" said an organizer.It can be used for postal charges on mail items. School students are showing a lot of interest in the event which will be on till 23 February.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11984230", "title": "Aarushi murder case: CBI opposes Talwars' plea for trial in Delhi", "text": "SC wants to know what is the harm in transferNEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Tuesday wondered why the CBI was objecting to Rajesh and Nupur Talwars' plea for transfer of the Aarushi-Hemraj double murder case trial from Ghaziabad to Delhi and asked what the agency's objection could be when most of the witnesses were in Delhi.The Talwars, who had unsuccessfully moved the apex court against the trial court's decision to summon them as accused despite the CBI filing a closure report in the case, had sought transfer of the trial from Ghaziabad to Delhi on the ground that they feared for their safety. In January last year, a person had attacked Rajesh Talwar with a cleaver, inflicting serious cuts on his face and neck.When additional solicitor general Harin Raval sought time for the CBI to file reply to the transfer petition filed by the Talwars, a bench of Justices B S Chauhan and J S Khehar wanted to know what possible objections the agency could have to such a plea. Raval said the CBI was prepared to provide security to the accused couple in the Ghaziabad court and sought time to file a comprehensive reply. The bench posted hearing on Monday and asked the agency to file its reply by then.What was virtually given up as a perplexing blind murder case was revived on January 6, when the SC cleared the decks for the dentist couple's trial for the murder of their 14-year-old daughter Aarushi and their servant Hemraj.The SC upheld the trial court's decision to summon the Talwars as accused in the case. The SC was apparently convinced by the evidence and arguments presented by the CBI that there was indeed a prima facie case against the couple. The two-judge bench of Justices A K Ganguly (since retired) and J S Khehar, however, had allowed the couple to remain on bail till their appearance before the trial court and refused to comment on the merits of the case.The murder of Aarushi, a Class IX student of Delhi Public School, Noida, on May 16, 2008, and the subsequent discovery of Hemraj's body the next day on the terrace of the Talwars' flat not only developed into a bizarre whodunnit but also led to heated debate on the ethics of media reporting about the UP police's allegations against the couple and the alleged motive behind the killing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11984064", "title": "Congress opts for warhorse", "text": "BANGALORE: Both the BJP and Congress have decided to play the caste card in the coastal-Malnad belt, and have pitted a Billava (Idiga) vs a Bunt for the Udupi-Chikmagalur Lok Sabha bypoll scheduled on March 18.The BJP is fielding former MLA V Sunil Kumar, 37, who represented Karkala assembly constituency in Udupi district in 2004, while the Congress chose to play it safe and gave the ticket to former MLA K Jayaprakash Hegde, 60. The latter lost to CM Sadananda Gowda, who contested from the constituency in 2009, by a margin of 27,018 votes.The bypoll was necessitated following Gowda resigning his MP seat after becoming CM. The last date for filing of nomination papers is February 29, and for withdrawal, March 3. Counting of votes is on March 21.The poll is significant to both parties: the BJP wants to retain the seat as it was vacated by the CM, while the Congress is seeking to make another comeback attempt by wresting it from the BJP. Among the many reasons why the Congress needs to win this seat is also the significance Chikmagalur holds for the party. Prior to delimitation, when Chikmagalur was an independent Lok Sabha constituency, it had given a new lease of political life to former PM Indira Gandhi, when she contested and won after the Emergency.Udupi-Chikmagalur is a constituency carved out of two district. It comprises of plains and coastal regions. The Congress Chikmagalur region made a bid for the ticket with the contenders being two former chairpersons of the legislative council - B L Shankar and D K Taradevi Siddharth. The region's contention was that party leaders from Udupi were heavily represented in New Delhi, with M Veerappa Moily, Oscar Fernandes, B K Hariprasad and Vinay Kumar Sorakke, besides Uttarakhand governor Margaret Alva from Karwar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "ramabai nagar", "code": "11983858", "title": "This nowhere land yearns for development", "text": "RAMABAI NAGAR: Division of the state's industrial capital Kanpur into two separate entities -- Nagar and Dehat (Ramabai Nagar) -- has shifted the poor country cousin of Kanpur Nagar out of the range of development radar. This means that the area has a distinct identity in terms of geography but not on development indices. It is also a sad reflection on the mindset of public representatives and policy-makers in the state who have faltered in formulating an effective blue-print to bring satellite townships at par with metros in terms of basic amenities, facilities and a vibrant civic infrastructure.Kanpur Dehat, or Ramabai Nagar as it is presently known, first came into being after division of Kanpur in 1977 (Kanpur Nagar and Kanpur Dehat). They were reunited in 1979, only to be separated again in 1991. Dehat was finally renamed as Ramabai Nagar on July 3, 2010, with headquarters at Akbarpur Mati. It has five tehsils, 10 development blocks, 102 nyay panchayats and 612 gram sabhas. The population of Scheduled Caste persons in the district is over 30%.With an area of 3021 sq kms, the district has a population of 1,795,092 and a population density of 594 inhabitants per square kilometre. Ramabai Nagar has a sex ratio of 862 females for every 1000 males, and a literacy rate of 77.52%. True to its earlier name Kanpur Dehat, the district mainly comprises of rural areas and the rural population heavily outweighs the urban population. Only 107,767 persons stay in towns like Mati which is the district headquarter, Akbarpur Raniya, Sikandara, etc. However, given the dismal state of basic infrastructure like roads, poor availability of drinking water and power, a person used to basic amenities in cities like Lucknow and Kanpur Nagar would be in for a shock in this mainly agrarian district.Development in the district seems to have been determined by the voting pattern and caste profile of the constituencies. As BSP holds three of the four assembly seats in the district -- Sikandra (formerly Rajpur), Rasoolabad (Reserved, formerly Derapur) and Bhognipur -- bulk of the development in terms of infrastructure has taken place in these pockets only.The development differential is glaring. The district headquarters at Mati, which comes under Akbarpur Raniya (formerly Sarvan Kheda) assembly seat held by SP, is way behind the three BSP strongholds. \"The bulk of new roads have been laid in Sikandra, Rasoolabad and Bhognipur while those in Mati have been neglected,\" said Ram Chauhan, a Congress leader. Another factor why Akbarpur Raniya area has been given step-motherly treatment is the fact that the Akbarpur Lok Sabha seat is represented by the Congress, he claimed.Congress candidate from Akbarpur Raniya Mathura Prasad Pal concurs: \"Development has been dismal. For example, there has been no progress on the two power projects at Bhognipur and Bilhaur worth Rs 22,000 crore which the Congress brought here,\" he said. Raja Ram Pal of the Congress had wrested the Akbarpur LS seat from BSP's Anil Shukla Warsi in the 2009 parliamentary elections.Though new industries in the district have created employment, they have also wreaked havoc on the agricultural land. Agricultural land in Lodheypur village, for example, has turned infertile as 100-odd chemical dye industries have been emptying their hazardous waste in the nearby farms. Says SP leader Vir Sen Yadav: \"More than 100 acres of land here has been inundated by toxic discharge from the factories. Now, the factory owners are buying the same land at throwaway prices from the farmers.\"The region lacks on other development indices like education and health also. Many Muslim families -- constituting 6.91% of the population -- here are engaged in weaving carpets and have no alternative source of income. For example, all seven daughters of Mehrunnisa of Akbarpur Rania are engaged in weaving carpets, raw material for which is provided by Kalpi-based middlemen who sell them to MP-based traders.\"Ours is a hand-to-mouth existence. I and my six daughters earn only Rs 5,000 to Rs 6,000 per month. It is a tedious and time-taking process and also very taxing on health. But there is nothing we could do as we do not have any land. Same is the story with 150-odd families in Akabarpur Raniya who are engaged in this profession. Definitely, the benefits of MNREGA Swarnjayanti Gram Swarozgar Yojana, Jawahar Rojgar Yojna, etc., have failed to reach the needy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "madurai/trichy", "code": "11985718", "title": "Nehru gets anticipatory bail", "text": "MADURAI/TRICHY: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court on Tuesday granted anticipatory bail to former DMK minister K N Nehru in a case registered against him for allegedly assaulting a jail warder.Apprehending arrest by the Trichy K K Nagar police based on a complaint filed by one Veeramani, a warder of Trichy Central prison, Nehru on Tuesday filed a petition seeking anticipatory bail.He submitted that no such occurrence, as alleged by Veeramani had taken place. The case was registered against him and others out of political vengeance to appease the people in power and to prevent them from participating in the Sankarankoil by-election work. When the matter came up for hearing before Justice T Sudanthiram, additional government pleader C Ramesh opposed granting anticipatory bail saying that the former minister had attacked a public servant. However, the judge rejected his contention and granted anticipatory bail to Nehru. Granting anticipatory bail to the former minister, Justice Sudanthiram directed him to appear before the judicial magistrate, Trichy every Monday for four weeks and later appear before the investigation officer, as and when required for investigation.The Trichy police had formed a six police unit to nab the former DMK strongman of Trichy late on Monday evening after the K K Nagar police had filed an FIR against him and others including Poondi Kalaivanan, the Tiruvarur district DMK secretary under Sections 147 (punishment for rioting), 294 (obscene act), 332 (causing hurt to deter a public servant from his duty), 352 (punishment for assault or criminal force), and 506 part 2 (criminal intimidation). Meanwhile, in Trichy, sources told TOI on Tuesday that it was not K N Nehru who was shouting at the warder at gate two, but a DMK functionary named Muthu Selvan who was abusing what he termed as the high-handed attitude of the police. This forced Nehru to admonish Muthu Selvan and also to placate L Veeramani, the warder, on whose complaint the police had spread a net to nab Nehru since Monday evening. In fact, the man who vociferously shouted at the police was Trichy Velusamy, a close confidante of M Natarajan, who had come to see the latter. The police normally allow three persons on an application. Velusamy, the fourth man, was stopped from going inside and misconstrued to be a Nehru supporter, a police source said. \"Nehru is no more a minister and if he is required to walk after the second gate, he should have complied with the protocol,\" said a police source.Nehru can now attend his son's marriage reception on Wednesday and has already left for Chennai, his lawyer said. Meanwhile, Poondi Kalaivanan who was arrested late last night spat venom at the present government saying, \"The government was bent upon foisting fabricated cases against all DMK men, because they are losing the support base faster on account of power failure.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11985002", "title": "Trajano held for code violation, released", "text": "PANAJI: Independent candidate from Saligao Trajano D'Mello was arrested by the Mapusa police on Tuesday morning for violating the Representation of People's Act by publishing pamphlets without following the essential guidelines issued by the Election Commission of India (ECI).Police said that returning officer from Saligao Jayant Tari, in his complaint to the police on February 16, said that D'Mello through a Mapusa-based NGO had released pamphlets with his name printed on them. D'Mello is the president of the NGO. As per the ECI guidelines, any such pamphlet needs to have the name and address of the publisher. This was not there in the pamphlets distributed by the NGO. Police also said that an advertisement supporting D'Mello was released on television.The police registered an offence against D'Mello under Section 127 (A) of the Representation of People's Act and Section 6 of the Cable, Television, Network Regulation Act.He was bailed out within a few hours of his arrest.Assembly elections news 2012Goa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "dharbandora", "code": "11985094", "title": "AP doc dies in Dharbandora mishap", "text": "DHARBANDORA: In yet another road accident, a doctor from Andhra Pradesh , was crushed to death at Dharbandora late Monday night. The doctor, Satya Gangadhar Tilak, was travelling to Goa from Belgaum along with two others on the Goa-Belgaum national highway about 2km from Ponda. When they reached the Sanjeevani Sugar Factory at Dayanandnagar, Dharbandora, their car hit a truck from the back. In the mishap, Tilak, who was driving the car, was crushed inside. Ponda police summoned the fire and emergency services personnel who later rescued the doctor by cutting the metallic plates. He was immediately rushed to Hospicio hospital, Margao, but was declared brought dead. The two others who were travelling with Tilak have been admitted to the Hospicio for treatment. The police have preserved the body in the hospital's mortuary and said that the relatives of the victim would be coming to Goa on Wednesday to claim the body. An offence has been registered against Tilak under several sections of the IPC. PSI Paresh Naik is investigating the case under the supervision of PI Prabodh Shirwaikar.Navelim flat burgled: Unknown culprits broke into a flat at Akash housing society at Colmorod, Navelim, Tuesday morning and decamped with gold ornaments and cash amounting to 1.50 lakh. Police sources said that the complainant, Savia Mendes, said that the thieves gained entry into her flat by breaking open the iron grill door and also the main door of the apartment. Margao police have registered an offence against unknown accused and investigations are under way, police said.Singer booked for poll propaganda sans candidates' nod: Taking cognizance of a complaint by the returning officer of Margao that 350 CDs were found in a car parked in the vicinity of the office of urban development minister Joaquim Alemao at Margao, following a raid by the flying squad on February 12, the Margao police booked a case against one Mario Soares, who produced the lyrics for and sang the 'Kantarams' recorded in the CDs.The offence has been booked against Soares under Section 171-h of the Indian Penal Code for failing to take necessary consent of the candidates for doing the same. Soares' name was found on the labels of the CDs that were seized from the car by the flying squad, it was said. Police sources said that the CDs contained 10 Konkani kantaras which were being used as propaganda material for the election campaigns of Alemao and his son Yuri.Infant dies under 'unusual circumstances' at Balli: A one-and-a-half-months old infant, Safira Usman Shaikh, from Balli, died under unusual circumstances on Tuesday. The Cuncolim police have registered the case as unnatural death and investigations are under way.Giving details about the circumstances leading to the death, DySP Shamba Sawant said that the girl child was breastfed by her mother at around 1.30am in the intervening night of February 20-21 but was found dead at around 6am on Tuesday. She was rushed to the primary health centre, Balli, but doctors pronounced her brought dead, Sawant said.The postmortem report conducted at Hospicio hospital says that the cause of death has been kept reserved pending the histo-pathological tests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11984569", "title": "University raps engineering colleges for flouting AICTE norms", "text": "JAIPUR: In its bid to control quality of education, Rajasthan Technical University (RTU) has recently slapped a notice to four engineering colleges running M-Tech courses without following norms of the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE).The four institutes under the scanner of RTU are- Shekawati College of Engineering (Dunlod), Shree Balagi College of Engineering and Technology (Jaipur), Siddivinayak College of Science and Technology (Alwar) and Srinath Institute of Technology and Engineering.The notice points out the deficiencies including lack of qualified faculty, a dedicated lab for M-Tech students and regular classes. The institutes were warned that if they failed to correct the deficiencies by May 31, the university will cancel their affiliation. The representatives of these colleges were also summoned by RTU at Kota recently. They were verbally apprised of the situation and when they did not comply, the notice was served.The Board of Inspection for RTU, a body which conducts inspection, has found many deficiencies in the engineering colleges. These five institutes were found to have no improvement after after their summon. Some others were also given a verbal warning. \"The body found that scarcity of teachers is a major problem. In many colleges, less qualified teachers are teaching M-Tech students, which is a gross violation of AICTE norms,\" an RTU official said. He added that they are working in tandem with AICTE and will have zero tolerance on colleges which are not following the norms.Meanwhile, the board has recommended centralized exam for M-Tech students from the coming session. The board members feel that it will save time of students as in the existing system, they have to apply in more than one college for admission.The centralized system will allow admission on the basis of merit. The board has also decided to crackdown on students enrolled for M-Tech programme and working full-time. \"There are many cases wherein M-Tech students are teaching in the B-Tech students in the same college,\" a board member said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11974795", "title": "Akshay Kumar to do Mahesh Manjrekar\u2019s film", "text": "Goaded by the gruesome incident of a 15-year old student stabbing his teacher in Chennai to death, Mahesh Manjrekar has decided to immediately remake his anti-education Marathi film into Hindi.With Salman Khan's clogged schedules not permitting him to do the Hindi version of the anti-academic Marathi film 'Shikashanachya Aaicha Gho', Mahesh Manjrekar has turned to another A-lister Akshay Kumar to play the role of the tyrannical father who realizes too late that his son's mind and heart are meant for cricket, and not for formal education.Mahesh who's thick pals with Salman after they worked together in 'Wanted', 'Dabangg' and 'Ready', has been patiently waiting for Salman's nod to do this socially relevant film. Salman has been unable to do the needful despite his best intentions.Says a source, \"Mahesh waited for a whole year. In the meantime Prakash Raj went ahead and released a Telugu version entitled 'Dhoni' of Mahesh's film. That's when Mahesh realized he needs to act fast.He is currently shooting with Akshay for Akshay's own production 'Oh My God' where Mahesh took up the role of a lawyer only so that he could familiarize Akshay with the theme of 'Shikashanachya Aaicha Gho' on the sets. Being the father of a growing boy Akshay is deeply moved by the film's theme of a child's heavy burden of books and academia that stunts his natural growth.\"Akshay we hear has given his nod to the project.When contacted Mahesh whose project has been a victim of the wait-and-watch syndrome for nearly two years, was cautious in his enthusiasm. \"Yes, Akshay is a possibility. After what that 15-year old boy did to his teacher in Chennai I've to do the Hindi version of the film fast. What are the pressures on a child that make him so allergic to school life and teachers? What could've provoked that boy to stab his teacher in Chennai? My film is very relevant to the situation that school-going children face. I need Akshay to take the message of a child's right to exercize his career options and to be freed of peer pressure, to the maximum number of people.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11985143", "title": "Fee structure out for medical courses", "text": "KOCHI: The Justice PA Mohammed Committee announced on Tuesday the fee structure that medical colleges in the state should follow between 2011 and 2014.The fee structure was drawn up by the committee after studying the recommendations submitted by the managements of medical colleges in the state.It has given colleges strict instructions that only the amount stipulated by the committee should be collected as fees from students. Any extra amount collected would be treated as capitation fee and stringent action will be taken against the offending colleges as per Supreme Court guidelines.The fee for clinical courses is Rs 5 lakh, while Rs 3.75 lakh has been set as the fee for clinical diploma, and Rs 2 lakh as fee for non-clinical medical courses. Earlier, the PA Mohammed Committee had invited recommendations and supporting documents from managements of medical colleges in the state to finalize the fee structure.The documents included details about faculty members, lab equipment, etc. However, many colleges failed to submit the necessary materials and the committee decided to adopt the temporary fee structure that was decided on June 6, 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "11984910", "title": "Can Naik break the Mormugao jinx?", "text": "VASCO: Mormugao has not seen a sitting MLA retain the seat since Goa became a state in 1987, and those challenging incumbent BJP legislator Milind Naik know this.Naik, a builder by profession, had wrested the seat from the Congress in 2007. The latter party's candidate then, Karl Vaz (in the fray this time around for the adjoining Vasco seat) had won the seat from Shaikh Hassan Haroon in 2002. Haroon had lost, analysts say, because he quit the Congress for the BJP in 2000. A year before he had defeated Karl's father John Manuel Vaz at the polls. Prior to that, in 1994, Vaz senior, as an independent, had beat the Congress' Haroon. Haroon represented the constituency in 1989.Going by the constituency's track record, analysts say Naik could create history if he beats the six other candidates-Sankalp Amonkar (Congress), Jerry Fernandes (All India Trinamool Congress), Gopal Chodankar (Jai Mahabharat Party), Shantaram Paradkar (Shiv Sena), and independents Nazir Khan and Narayan Kandu-to retain the seat.It won't be easy though. For starters, the huge BJP support base falling in wards 9 and 10 are now part of the Vasco constituency after the delimitation exercise. Reports in 2011 of Naik wanting to join the Congress like his former BJP colleagues Rajesh Patnekar and Dayanand Sopte have also not gone down well with BJP supporters in the Mormugao constituency, say analysts.They say that going for the opposition MLA is his support to the fishing communities in Baina, Kattem-Baina and Desterro against Mormugao Port Trust's proposed Khariawada jetty and the extension of the national highway till Sada.Amonkar, former president of the Goa Pradesh Youth Congress and ex-chief of the Goa horticulture development corporation, is pitted as Naik's chief opponent. While he's targetted unemployment, improving infrastructure and welfare of the people in the manifesto, the Congress candidate has also said that MPT's up-gradation will be welcomed only if it is pollution-free.Major issues that plague the constituency, however, include the beautification of Baina beach, completion of Ravindra Bhavan and poor maintenance of the Sada garbage treatment plant.Independent Nazir Khan, professionally also a builder, and TC candidate Jerry Fernandes, the councillor of Mormugao municipality's ward 8, are also seen as key contestants. While the former has ensured his advertisements are prominently on display, the latter, analysts say, has the potential to split votes. Whose exactly only the election results will tell.Assembly elections news 2012Goa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11986370", "title": "5 sovereigns of gold stolen", "text": "COIMBATORE: Two persons, who were gold polishers, looted five sovereigns of gold jewels from a woman at Malumachampatti on the outskirts of the city on Monday. Police said R Kala, 48, of Palanisamy Nagar was alone at home on February 15. Her husband Ramesh, 56, an employee of a private firm had gone to work. Two persons came home and offered to polish her gold jewels and bronze articles. She handed over a gold chain and gold bangles weighing five sovereigns to them. The duo asked her to boil water for the polishing.The culprits mixed a few chemicals in the hot water and immersed the gold inside it. They asked her to remove the jewels after half an hour. When Kala went to the front yard to meet some one, the duo vanished with the jewels. When she opened the vessel, Kala realized she was robbed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "11986146", "title": "Six kidnapped workers released", "text": "DHANBAD: Six workers of a private company, who were kidnapped by the Maoists three days ago from near Bengabad in Giridih district, were freed early on Tuesday morning, police said.The six were kidnapped by the armed Naxalites from a site of the Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana at Bengabad, 20 km from the district headquarters. The hostages were taken blindfolded to an unknown destination. Later on Tuesday, Giridih SP Arun G Onkar said the police had intensified patrolling in the areas where they were kept. \"The workers were freed from Soren, Giridih and Jamui bordering Bihar at 3am.\" He denied any ransom paid to the Maoists.The released workers are Umesh Singh, Aalam Ansari, Seeraj Ansari, Congress Ravidas, Pravil Prasad and Nirmal Singh.According to Bengabad police, the hostages were apparently freed by the Maoists following heavy police pressure.Contractor of the project Ramapai Kushwaha told TOI over the phone that the workers who returned to Bengabad on Tuesday were neither ill-treated nor beaten up by the Maoists.The workers were immediately taken to the district police headquarters and examined by a team of doctors, who confirmed that no harassment was meted out to them during the captivity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11983863", "title": "Families were ignorant of secret night drive", "text": "BANGALORE: The families of the four students - Azlan S Ahmed, Kiran Joseph Machado, Keshav Nandan Gulati and Rahul Peter, who went on a late night drive to Kolar, and where three of them met with a tragic end -- were completely in the dark about their sons' joyride. They were too shocked to react as the bodies of the three boys arrived at Bowring Hospital around 7am. The bodies were handed over to the families after postmortem.It is said that Azlan S Ahmed borrowed his father Sujan Ahmed's Honda City , saying he had to meet a friend. Ahmed is a resident of Chikka Bazar in Tasker Town.Kiran Joseph Machado was the son of Vincent Lawrence Machado, a veterinary doctor, of Rain Tree Hall on Richmond Road. The Machados were completely ignorant of their son's plans. \"He might have left the residence around midnight. Since the lights in his bedroom were on, they thought he was studying,\" a relative, Neil, said.The family did not initially believe the news, as they were under the impression that Kiran was in his room through the night. Kiran's exams were scheduled to begin Wednesday. The Machados also did not know how their son had befriended the other three. It is said the foursome had struck up a friendship while playing football matches at Shantinagar stadium.The third dead student, Keshav Nandan Gulati, is the son of Rajinder Nandan Gulati of Benson Town.The injured boy, Rahul Peter, was brought to Nimhans by Hoskote police, around 3am. \"He was brought with diffused injury. He was drowsy and unconscious. He did not need any surgery. When he regained consciousness, he was taken by his parents to some other hospital,\" doctors at Nimhans said. Details of Rahul's family were not known to police till late in the night.Azlan and Keshav's funerals were completed late on Tuesday, while Kiran's last rites will be conducted on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11985465", "title": "Medical teachers to abstain from March 1 strike", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh Medical Teachers Association (MPMTA) members have agreed to refrain from going on strike from March 1. The medical teachers' body will wait till April 30 expecting a positive response from the government towards the fulfillment of their six-year-old demands.Threatening to start an agitation, nearly two dozen members of MPMTA met state medical education minster Mahendra Hardia and senior health officials here on Tuesday. The MPMTA represents teachers from six government medical colleges of the state.\"We are satisfied with the paper work shown to us by the officials and we believe that our demands would be met by April,\" said GMC Medical Teachers Association president Dr Neelkamal Kapoor.Implementation of UGC pay with 25% non-practicing allowance (NPA) from January 2006 and time-bound promotion are among the major demands the MPMTA put up before the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11985694", "title": "Party MLA pats CM for global summit", "text": "PATNA: Bihar is poised to make a leap towards development and prosperity as the 'Global Summit on Changing Bihar', which concluded on Sunday, has sent a positive message across the country and abroad, said former technocrat and JD (U) MLA Rajib Ranjan on Tuesday. He said this would help solve various problems the state is faced with, like poverty, power scarcity and unemployment.Praising CM Nitish Kumar for bringing Bihar on the world map and creating a positive atmosphere with his good governance, Ranjan said once the government was able to control or promote six aspects, Bihar would touch new heights. These were poverty alleviation programme, population control, education for all, agro-based rural economy, control on corruption and electricity to farmers.\"Nitish government is working relentlessly on all these fronts and has achieved success particularly in checking graft, and boosting agriculture and education. With positive assistance from the Centre and moral support of people of the state, the CM would be able to overcome all hurdles,\" he said.Ranjan said 54.4% people of Bihar were below poverty line, as per the findings of the Tendulkar committee. The Centre, too, admitted that a large number of poor lived in Bihar. Still, the Centre was allocating subsidized foodgrains for only 6.5 million BPL families, whereas the state was providing subsidized ration to 1.45 crore families.Expressing concern over population explosion in the state, he said the density of population per sq km has grown to 880 people as against the national average of 324. However, he added, the encouraging aspect is thatdue to education, the decadal population growth has declined from 2.43% to 2.14% in the last decade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11985188", "title": "NUTA holds protests for 6th pay panel salaries", "text": "NAGPUR: The Maharashtra Federation of University and College Teachers' Organisation (MFUCTO) staged a statewide protest on Tuesday for various demands. Secretary of Nagpur University Teachers' Association ( NUTA) Anil Dhage led the protest in the city.Around 70 teachers participated in the protest, which was stopped by the police near Hislop College. A delegation of these teachers met Nagpur University registrar Mahesh Yenkie and handed over a representation with their demands, since vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal was out of station.Yenkie has assured them the demands that were in the university's control will be taken care of, but the other demands, including that of implementing sixth-pay salary system, was in the hands of the state government.MFUCTO has demanded that NET/SET qualified lecturers should be given benefit of sixth pay from the date of joining or date of selection, and they should get benefit of Career Advancement Scheme (CAS) as directed by UGC. They also insisted on immediate release of arrears to teachers since implementation of sixth pay revision, removal of discrimination in payment of arrears in colleges of social work and physical education, and implementation of the 'package scheme' as forwarded by union HRD ministry among others.The members would continue their protests every Monday at the same location. The agitation will culminate in a state-level protest at Azad Maidan in Mumbai on March 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "dugri", "code": "11986450", "title": "Gill's pet possession has 4 feathers in cap", "text": "DUGRI: Dasty, a male rottweiler , of Sukhwinder Singh Gill has won four trophies in a dog show organized by the Kennel Club of India (KCI) at Patiala recently. Gill is ecstatic with the performance of his pet, who put up a marvellous show to defeat other imported pets in this show. The judge was a Malaysian in the show, which had mostly pets from northern state.Dasty is only 15 months old but defeated adult dogs of his breed and others in different competitions. Gill said Dasty was declared the best of breed in which he defeated pets of the same breed from different states and also won working group competition in which he competed with pets of other breed. Sukhwinder said in the line up competition, Dasty was the runner up and clinched the best bred title in India competition. He said he still remembers the day when he brought Dasty to his house when he was only 30 days old. He had purchased it from a village near Patiala. For Sukhwinder, his pet is just like a child \"I am really proud of Dasty and am bringing him up as a child,\" he said.Realtor by profession, Sukhwinder said he is a pet lover and makes sure that he provides him the best of the facilities. For Dasty, Gill has kept a caretaker so that he doesn't miss out on anything. The pet's feed includes dog feed and eggs in breakfast, curd in lunch and chicken in dinner. He does exercise every day for one hour in the ground near his house. Gill consults veterinarians for proper growth of his pet and loves to take him to public forums. He had purchased Dasty for Rs 50,000 and now has a buyer who is ready to shell out Rs 5 lakh but Gill says Dasty is priceless.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11983903", "title": "Car dealer nabbed with Rs 15cr cocaine", "text": "MUMBAI: The Narcotics Control Bureau (NCB) has arrested Uday C Dhanak, an imported car dealer from Santa Cruz, for cocaine smuggling.Last week it had arrested Jaun Fernando from Colombia, Santander Tarazona from Bolivia , Mir Rahi Hussain from the United Kingdom and Dhanak from Mumbai, and seized 29.5kg of cocaine from them.NCB is identifying 'clients' in Mumbai and Goa who purchased cocaine from them. Zonal director Yashodhan Wange and his staff raided a hotel in Khar on February 17 and arrested the foreign nationals and seized 19kg of cocaine. Their interrogation led the police to a flat at Puspha Kunj in Santa Cruz belonging to Dhanak. The NCB seized 10kg of cocaine from the flat.It later transpired that the four were part of an international gang. According to Wange, the value of the drugs in the international market is more than Rs15 crore.This is one of the largest seizures of cocaine in five years in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "goa", "code": "11984905", "title": "Mumbai drug bust: Cops hunt for cocaine clients in Goa", "text": "GOA: The Narcotics Control Bureau (NCB) officials are on the lookout for \"clients\" all over Mumbai and Goa who were supposed to buy the 30kg of high quality cocaine imported from South America by a gang of four.The NCB on Tuesday arrested Uday C Dhanak, imported car dealer from Santa Cruz , for cocaine smuggling. The NCB last week had arrested four persons-Dhanak, UK national Mir Rahi Hussain, Santander Tarazona from Bolivia and Juan Fernando from Columbia-and had seized 29.5kg of cocaine from them.Two teams are already camping in Mumbai and Goa to locate the clients but many of them have gone underground and have switched off their cellphones immediately after learning about the arrest of their colleagues.Acting on specific information, NCB zonal director Yashodhan Wange and his staff on February 17 raided a hotel in Khar and arrested three foreign nationals and seized 19kg of cocaine.This is the largest seizure of cocaine in the past five years in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "11986226", "title": "We pleaded our parents not to drink: Liquor tragedy orphans", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Kamini and her sister Puspa are in the dark. They have lost their parents in the recent hooch tragedy in Cuttack. \"We have pleaded to our parents many times not to drink. But to no avail. They used to toil very hard at the brick kiln in Dhingarpur village and consume liquor in the evening,\" said Kamini (15), a school dropout.Their father Kasi Das (48) and mother Sushama along with two others from the village died after consuming the liquor. Her sister is also a school dropout. \"Our mother died first. After some hours, our father was declared dead in the hospital,\" said Puspa (10). The sisters had accompanied their parents to the village in Cuttack district.Now the sisters have been brought back to their native Tirida village in Ganjam by their relatives. They have no means of livelihood. \"I have lost all hopes after being orphaned and don't know how to eke out a living,\" said Kamini with tears rolling down her cheeks. At present, a relative is providing them food when they returned to the village after cremating the bodies of their parents in Cuttack. \"Some of our relatives came to Cuttack after hearing about the death of my parents and cremated them,\" Kamini said, adding that they had no money to bring their parents bodies to the village.'\"Even we have spent the entire amount the government gave as assistance on \"Sudhi Kriya\" of our parents, Kamini said. The government had given us Rs 20,000 as ex-gratia while the brick kiln owner had given Rs 8000,\" she said. Upendra Das, younger brother of Kasi, also the daily-earner with two children said \"We will help the sisters.\" But was unable to tell for how many days he will be able to do so.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11983943", "title": "India hailed Waheed govt in Maldives to fill 'power vaccum'", "text": "NEW DELHI: Admitting that it may have erred in promptly welcoming the new government in the Maldives led by President Mohamed Waheed in early February, India on Tuesday said that it had no idea then that Waheed's predecessor Mohamed Nasheed had been forced to resign and that it did not want any \"power vacuum\" in the Indian Ocean archipelago. New Delhi was caught on the wrong foot when it recognized the new government and described what was effectively a coup as a peaceful transition of power.\"We recognized Waheed because things seemed to have happened in keeping with the Constitution and there was nothing to suggest Nasheed had been forced to resign,\" said a government source.\"We couldn't also have allowed power vacuum there for long as it would have had security implications,\" he added, as he emphasized the need for early elections in the country.While its \"friend\" Nasheed, the Maldives' first democratically elected president, claims to be protecting India's interests, New Delhi suggested that the former president's MDP join the National Unification Government under Waheed. \"It is upto them but once they have accepted the general understanding that elections are important for stability, they have a stake in ensuring that they are a part of the overall arrangement,\" he said.Pitching for stability and democracy in the Maldives, government sources also called for a change in the country's Constitution to ensure a full five-year term for the government that comes to power in the elections. If the Constitution is not amended, any government that comes to power in elections will have to demit office in about 18 months, when Nasheed-led government would have sought a re-election.\"It's important that the new president has a full five-year term. The Constitution can be amended only with a three-fourth majority in Parliament and it's good because all parties will have to cooperate to achieve this,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11985117", "title": "Buses flout law, parallel services on the rise", "text": "KOCHI: The next time you don't find your bus on time, you can assume that it might have taken a short break to attend a marriage or see the stars at a shooting location. The number of private buses cutting their regular trips and conducting parallel services is on the rise every year.In a major crackdown on private buses flouting permit norms and conducting parallel services, the Motor Vehicles Department (MVD) has booked 89 buses in the first two months of 2012. In 2010 and 2011, this figure stood at 183 and 92 respectively. The trend also shows that the bus operators are not afraid of the authorities or the enforcement.Ernakulam regional transport officer (RTO) TJ Thomas said that most of the buses are booked for flouting permit norms and conducting parallel services to earn extra money. \"The buses are mainly booked for marriages trips and for running services out of their permitted route,\" he said. \"Usually such buses are penalized and charged Rs 10,000 and their permit is suspended for 10 days. If they repeat, then their permits are cancelled permanently,\" Thomas added.As per permit norms, private buses need to obtain special permit from the RTO to make additional services. Thomas said that special permits are issued to buses only on holidays and on days when the offices are not working so that it does not affect commuters.With the buses conducting additional services cutting their regular trips, the commuters depending on public transport system are affected adversely.MVD officials are conducting enforcement drives to bring these errant buses to book, but the exercise turns futile. \"Since they are making more money by conducting parallel services, most of them are less concerned about the enforcements,\" a senior MVD official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11985670", "title": "Debate on 'winning wars' held at Army War College", "text": "INDORE: The Army War College, a premier training institution of the Army, at Mhow organised a debate recently on the contemporary topic of 'winning the nation's wars in context of 21st century, here.The event was the first ever of its kind in Mhow cantonment, conducted by the Army War College and was attended by a select gathering of 600 officers, of the three services. General officer commanding-in-chief of the Army Training Command, Lt Gen K Surendra Nath via a recorded message, highlighted the relevance of such debates in shaping up the minds of professional officers.Lt Gen Anil Chait, commandant, Army War College, emphasized the importance of organizing such events on topical issues of national interest, to broaden the intellectual horizons of the officer community and to enrich the body of professional military knowledge.The deliberations focused on the notions of military victory possible future conflict in the backdrop of at least three nuclear armed states in the South Asian region. The highlights of the issues discussed included impact of modern technology, increased transparency, threat of hybrid warfare, adverse impact of failing states in the neighborhood and the increasing role of people in the 'Paradoxical Trinity'; all making war in the 21st century a complex issue.The speakers included Maj Gen (retd) GD Bakshi, Lt Gen (retd) HS Lidder, commodore (retd) C Uday Bhaskar, Lt Gen (retd) Vijay Madan, Air Vice Marshal Arjun Subramanyam and Maj Gen (retd) Raj Mehta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11985451", "title": "Doubling railway line in 2 years", "text": "HUBLI: The much awaited doubling of railway line between Hubli and Dharwad will be completed in next two years, said Praveen Kumar Mishra, divisional railway manager, SWR, Hubli. Speaking to reporters here on Tuesday, he said that a project has been devised for doubling the line between Hospet to Vasco at a cost of Rs 2400 crore. As part of this project, doubling of line between Dharwad and Mugad has been completed while work between Hubli-Dharwd will be completed in next two years.Rail Vikas Nigam undertook the work of doubling of the line. The work on constructing new Hubli station building is under progress and the new building is being constructed at a cost of Rs 29 crore and it will be ready in next two years.This advanced building will have all facilities including advanced parking, 2 lifts, and other facilities for the convenience of the traveling public. He said that speed of trains running between Gadag-Bijapur section will be raised to 100 kmph speed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11985618", "title": "A bridge too far: Why foot overbridges are not used", "text": "Five schoolchildren cross the main road at Nehru Place, tracing a dangerous zig-zag while dodging cars and buses. The foot-overbridge constructed at a distance lies almost empty. When you tell them it's dangerous, they snap back, saying, \"Everyone does it.\"There are more than 70 FOBs across the capital but not even a dozen of these are used frequently by the pedestrians. Improper placement, poor design, lack of escalators and low height of the central verge are mostly cited as the reasons for this; needless to mention the careless attitude of people.\"The FOB is constructed 300 metres away from the main market. It has no escalator or lift and its design is such that one has to first walk over the ramp to reach the top of the bridge and then climb downstairs , not necessarily in the direction you want,\" said Mahender Sharma (54), a shopkeeper at Nehru Place.Traders at the Yusuf Sarai market have a similar complaint. \"There are shops on both sides of the road and people often try to sprint across the road and get injured. The civic agency has constructed the overbridge at a place that falls in a no-man's land - at the end of the AIIMS campus and where the market begins,\" said Raman Kapoor, who runs a medical shop.A preliminary report on a PWD survey to assess the usage of the FOBs confirms this. \"We have found that some FOBs in east Delhi, for example the one near Vikas Marg and the Kakardooma court, are not used frequently by pedestrians. In south Delhi, the FOB constructed near the Indian Spinal Injuries Centre, Vasant Kunj, is not used at all, mainly because it is located in an isolated area and the height of the central verge is very low,\" a senior official said. The report is still being scrutinized and remedial measures will be taken to improve the situation , he added.PWD has constructed about 70 FOBs, of which 23 have escalators. \"The escalators break down quite often and are not disabled-friendly . We are replacing them with lifts in the new FOBs, four of which is underconstruction,\" the official said.There are also around 50 subways but poor upkeep, lack of security, poor road signage and improper placement make them unfit for use. \"Most of the subways shelter suspicious characters, some of whom are drug pushers and drunkards,\" said college student Meghna.Satyendra Garg, joint commissioner (traffic), said they recently took up an initiative under which 20,000 people who used FOBs at ISBT and IP Extension on a regular basis were given coupons. \"A lucky draw will be conducted to select a winner who will get a gift voucher worth Rs 5,000.\"He added traffic police wrote to the Unified Traffic and Transportation Infrastructure Planning &amp; Engineering Centre explaining the problems of FOBs after which orders were issued to allow new construction on a case-to-case basis only.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "suri", "code": "11984719", "title": "Woman molested in hotel room", "text": "SURI: A woman was allegedly molested in a hotel room at Suri on Friday. A gang of youths posing as CID officers allegedly barged into the room and outraged the woman's modesty. The couple lodged an FIR with Suri police on Tuesday.The couple, a resident of Birajpur village, had come to Suri for the woman's treatment. On Friday, after they failed to get a bus back home, they decided to lodge at a hotel near Suri bus stand. The couple met the Birbhum SP Rishikesh Meena and narrated the incident.They alleged that some youths posing as cops had knocked on their door late on Friday night. When the husband opened the door, they asked for the wife. The woman was in the bathroom. No sooner did she come out than a youth allegedly pounced on her and molested her.The husband alleged that he was beaten by the goons. According to their complaint, the miscreants threatened the couple by naming an influential local political leader. They had earlier tried to lodge a police complaint but was prevented by the political leader's men.Meena said, \"A senior police officer has been assigned to look in to the matter. Action will be taken if anyone is found guilty.\"The manager of the hotel said, ' The accused persons too booked a room in our hotel. We heard some hot-talks at midnight but what happened exactly is not clear to us.'Rishikesh Meena, SP, Birbhum said, ' An Fir has been lodged. At this stage of investigation we do not want to disclose the detail whatever information we have so far gathered.'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11985137", "title": "Shanavas to monitor Piravom byelection", "text": "KOCHI: With the election code of conduct coming into force for the Piravom bypoll, the government has appointed S Shanavas, revenue divisional officer (RDO), Fort Kochi, as election deputy collector. Chief electoral officer Nalini Netto said the change was necessary as K N Raji, who earlier held the post, belonged to Ernakulam. Raji has now taken charge as RDO, Fort Kochi.Issuing directions related to posting of staff for poll duties, Nalini Netto said, officials who had voting rights in Piravom constituency would not be assigned election duties. This would help avoid postal votes. Teachers and women staff have also been exempted from election duties. Teachers have been exempted owing to SSLC examinations.Nalini Netto has also asked for a list of police officials to be posted to ensure law and order in Piravom.The chief electoral officer has instructed the concerned officials to resolve all issues related to preparation of voters list. The hearing of fresh applications should be complete by February 25 and the final list should be published on February 29. Directions have been given to facilitate the functioning of offices of returning officer, assistant returning officer, call centres and control room.These decisions were taken following video-conference held between district collector P I Sheik Pareeth, election deputy collector S Shanavas, former election deputy collector K N Raji and other senior officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "11986007", "title": "HSC exams: 32 students denied hall tickets for less than 50% class attendance", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: Around 32 HSC students from Tukaram Hari Wajekar High School &amp; Junior College at Uran were not allowed to appear for the HSC board exam because of poor class attendance. The students' attendance for the academic year 2011-12 was way below the prescribed 75 per cent.Divisional board secretary Ravindra Bhise said: \"The attendance of the 32 candidates was even below 50%. A few other students of Tukaram Hari Wajekar institute who had around 50- 60% class attendance were given hall tickets as per the Board's discretionary power under the Mumbai Divisional Board's rules and regulations.\"A delegation of local Shiv Sena party workers met the institute's chairman and principal on behalf of the students. The principal, S R Chikhale, said that the school had informed the parents of the 32 students in advance about their poor attendance, and had warned them that they would not be allowed to sit for the board exam if they did continued to remain absent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11985624", "title": "This is how they steal your space", "text": "Most office-goers at ITO dread the idea of walking to the nearest Metro stations - Pragati Maidan and Mandi House. Starting from ITO crossing, it is difficult to find even 100 metres of a continuous stretch of pavements. Thousands risk their lives every day, dodging the fastmoving traffic in both carriageways.\"The stretch underneath Tilak Bridge is the worst. On one side there is a small elevated section for pedestrians, but it is risky to walk on it as there are no railings . On the other side, pedestrians have no option but to walk on the main road and brave the fast-moving traffic,'' said Neha Sharma, who works in the area.Like ITO, elsewhere too in the city, it is difficult to find footpaths without unwittingly getting into a dangerous hurdle race. In large parts of the city, civic agencies like MCD and PWD have failed to provide this basic facility at all. About 48% of road accident victims in the city are pedestrians but these agencies couldn't care less. On most arterial roads, sidewalks either don't exist or are broken and encroached upon by vendors and parking contractors or obstructed by trees, mini-transformers etc. According to Jt CP (traffic) Satyendra Garg, \"With the traffic volume increasing every day, it's important to have sidewalks so that pedestrians don't walk on the main road.\"In the BRT corridor at Sundar Nagar, the pavement is less than four feet wide and blocked by trees. \"At certain points, the trees occupy the entire sidewalk. Similarly , nearly Delhi Public School, taxis and cars are parked on the pavement. People are forced to walk on the main road. If people have a right to drive on the road, then pedestrians also have certain rights, but the government agencies don't care at all,'' said SN Sharma, an interior designer, who works in Nehru Place and prefers to take public transport .In most areas, shopkeepers, vendors, parking contractors etc have encroached on the pavements. In GK-I , the sidewalks are used for parking taxi and cars. On Mehrauli-Mahipalpur road in Vasant Kunj, there are no pavements on either side of the road. \"People have no option but to walk on the main road. Construction waste is dumped near the main road and there are open manholes,\" pointed out Amit Aggarwal, a resident of Vasant Kunj. It is the same story all across the city, be it east, west or north.Near Kalkaji Temple and Pamposh Enclave, foot overbridges have been constructed on pavements. \"Where is the space for pedestrians? Is this what you call planning? The civic agency and the government have ruined the city,'' said Venkatesh, who works in Nehru Place.\"Encroachments on pavements is a serious problem. We routinely remove these and inform police about it. It is their responsibility to ensure these don't come back,'' said YS Mann, director, press and information, MCD.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11988511", "title": "Marina: A special screening!", "text": "Acouple of days ago, director Pandiraj held a special screening of his Marina for kids affected by cancer, which was also attended by actors Sivakarthikeyan and Anjali.A source says, \"The world observed February 15 as International Childhood Cancer Day, and Pandiraj wanted to do his bit for the society. Along with Mu Kalanchiyam, the president of Tamizhar Nalam Kalai Panpattu Iyakkam, he screened his Marina for kids below 10 years of age who are affected by cancer and distributed prizes for them.\" Anjali says, \"I was amazed by the strong will of the kids. I told them that cancer is curable and with the right attitude, they will be able to lead their life joyfully again. I'm sure the kids are a confident lot!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11988146", "title": "Mahindra Satyam to offer support services to FuelQuest", "text": "HYDERABAD: Mahindra Satyam, a city-based consulting and IT services provider, said it has entered into a global services agreement with FuelQuest, a Houston based software and services provider for energy industry.As per the agreement, Mahindra Satyam will provide implementation and support services to FuelQuest as it scales its operations across India, Brazil, China, Russia , USA and other target countries, according to a release issued by MSat.MSat is already engaged with FuelQuest and supports its growing pipeline of tax automation implementations as well as software support needs.To scale appropriately with FuelQuest, MSat will establish a FuelQuest Service Center within its delivery centre in India with experienced software professionals dedicated to delivering world-class fuel management and tax automation services.B K Mishra, global business head for energy and utilities, at Mahindra Satyam said, \"With more than 70 billion litres of fuel under management and millions of energy-related tax transactions processed yearly, FuelQuest is uniquely positioned to bring its proven fuel management and tax automation solutions into new global markets and we are committed to providing the resources necessary to support FuelQuest's international expansion.\"Matt Tormollen, President and CEO of FuelQuest said, \"Mahindra Satyam is a dominant global player in the outsourced services business, and we are excited to have them fill a critical need in our expansion strategy .Mahindra Satyam's range of services and expertise gives us ultimate flexibility as we grow our solutions and markets.\"CP Gurnani, CEO of Mahindra Satyam said, \"This agreement between Mahindra Satyam and FuelQuest marries two market leaders creating a global solution for energy companies to adopt and utilize FuelQuest fuel and tax automation software and services. This exclusive arrangement with Mahindra Satyam will support Fuel Quest's global expansion plans.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11623909", "title": "And the Oscar nominees are....", "text": "Silent movie 'The Artist' received 10 nominationsMartin Scorsese's 'Hugo' leads this year's Academy Awards with 11 nominations, including best film and director. Meryl Streep and George Clooney are nominated for the best acting prizes. The winners will be named on Feb 26.BEST PICTURE |War Horse, The Artist, Moneyball , The Descendants, Tree of Life, Midnight in Paris , The Help, Hugo, Extremely Loud &amp; Incredibly CloseBEST ACTOR |Demian Bichir (A Better Life), George Clooney (The Descendants), Jean Dujardin (The Artist), Gary Oldman (Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy), Brad Pitt (Moneyball)BEST ACTRESS |Glenn Close (Albert Nobbs), Viola Davis (The Help), Rooney Mara (The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo), Meryl Streep (The Iron Lady) and Michelle Williams (My Week with Marilyn)BEST DIRECTOR |Michel Hazanavicius (The Artist), Alexander Payne (The Descendants), Martin Scorsese (Hugo), Woody Allen (Midnight in Paris) and Terrence Malick (The Tree of Life)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11984323", "title": "Murrah buffaloes clear first round on ramp", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Contrary to apprehensions, murrah buffaloes on Tuesday qualified the first round of catwalk during a rehearsal organized at Arjun Stadium in Jind.None of the 52 buffaloes ran from the 70-feet-long and 10-feet-wide specially-designed platform despite high music, cameras and presence of 1,000 farmers. The buffaloes were bought after oiling of their bodies, with some of them wearing silver ornaments. Top officials, including IAS officers Hardeep Kumar and Yudhbir Singh Khyalia, were present to monitor the rehearsal of buffaloes.About 25 from these buffaloes will be walking on the ramp in presence of 25,000 Haryanvis on Wednesday. \"To avoid any risk, these will be brought on the ramp again on Wednesday morning before finally allowing them to participate in the catwalk,\" said Sadhu Ram Sharma, nodal officer of the event.Officials of Haryana animal husbandry department are extra cautious in managing the event as the animal is crowd-shy and often behaves erratically. The buffaloes, accompanied by owners, walked on the carpet smoothly, much to the relief of organizers on Tuesday. \"We are happy,\" said Dr K S Dangi, director general of department, after the rehearsal.Even owners of murrahs were happy after announcement about selection of their buffaloes for the catwalk. \"My buffalo 'Dhanno' will be first on the ramp,\" said a cheerful Ishwar Singh, a resident of Singwa Khas village. \"Dhanno, 7, gives 23 kg milk a day. It has won prizes worth Rs 4.6 lakh in different competitions,\" said Singh, claiming that it has been declared champion in three state-level competitions.\"A buyer from Andhra Pradesh had offered Rs 15 lakh for it, but we did not sell it as we wanted to keep it to perform in more shows. We had sold one of its 12-month-old calf for Rs 90,000,\" he said.Mohini, a buffalo owned by a farmer, Jasbir Singh, has also been declared successful to participate in the event. \"Two-and-a-half-year-old Mohini had won the championship in an animal fair organized at Mukatsar in Punjab two months back,\" said Singh. According to the owner, the 4-feet 11-inch tall buffalo costs over Rs 5 lakh. \"My buffalo doesn't fear crowd,\" said a proud Jasbir Singh, a resident of Bibipur village in Jind district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "brs nagar", "code": "11986521", "title": "Manleen Kaur's creative pursuits", "text": "BRS NAGAR: Manleen Kaur's creative pursuits are very clear at a young age of 20. She loves paper quilling, royal parchments, painting and punch crafting. When she was 17, she had started painting and shared her liking for the same with her parents, who assured her of their full support.Manleen loves colour and her every work involves various colours. She feels that colour gives her happiness and satisfaction. After painting for one year, she realized her other skills like punch crafting, royal parchments and paper quilling and started honing these skills. Having no mentor, she started experimenting these skills at her place and excelled in making greeting cards, coasters, jewellery boxes, table mattes, chocolate boxes, trays and envelopes.She said for making these items, she uses residue of paper, as she believes in making the best out of waste. Like other girls of her age, Manleen does not like to watch television and after coming back from college gets busy in her work. \"I love to work at night, some times I stay awake whole night to complete the work,\" she said.Graduating from Khalsa College for Women , Manleen works under the pen name of Sahiba. She does all her creative works simultaneously and nowadays is busy making paper quilling and painting. Few days ago, she had exhibited her work in the city and art lovers had appreciated it whole heartedly. She wants to establish a studio in her house.In 2011, on the eve of Diwali, she had exhibited her work in her college and even participated in various college competitions. Manleen said her mother is her inspiration and role model. Her mother, Gurjeet Kaur said she is proud of her daughter, who has exceptional talent and loves creativity very much. She said Manleen is very dedicated towards her art.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11985456", "title": "Foreign bank deposits may attract wealth tax", "text": "NEW DELHI: Foreign bank deposits, paintings, sculptures and expensive watches may come under the wealth tax net as part of the government's efforts to unearth black money and raise additional revenue.The proposal to expand the ambit of the wealth tax forms part of the Direct Taxes Code Bill which is being scrutinized by a Parliamentary Standing Committee. Some of the proposals are likely to be incorporated in the Budget for 2012-13, pending approval of the DTC.The wealth tax, as per the proposal, will be levied at one per cent on taxable assets exceeding Rs 1 crore. The current limit is Rs 30 lakh. The other assets which would be included are - cars, yacht, helicopters, archaeological collections.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Rail Budget 2012 \u00bb Pre Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012 \u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11983894", "title": "5th phase polling to be decisive for SP", "text": "LUCKNOW: The fifth phase of UP assembly election, slated to be held on February 23, may form the very foundation of Samajwadi Party's prospects in terms of party's final tally. This is primarily because more than 13.5% of the region's electorate belongs to the Yadav community - making it the 'Yadav land' of Uttar Pradesh and an obvious \"traditional stronghold\" of SP.But snubbed by the voters in the last assembly election and then in Lok Sabha by-poll, the 'dhartiputra' (SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav calls himself as son of the soil) is leaving no stone unturned to reclaim the lost ground.\"My political esteem is in your hands. You don't have to only keep it intact, but also strengthen it further,\" this emotional statement of Mulayam at a rally in Mainpuri a couple of days ago did explain the importance of making it big in the region for the SP.Mulayam had held the maximum number of public meetings in Mainpuri, Etah, Etawah, and Kanpur Dehat as compared to the rest of the districts. Even SP state president Akhilesh Yadav has kept the region on the top of his campaign engagements in the state. Both have addressed four to five public meetings in each of these districts.One particular constituency that may influence the party's political esteem and Mulayam's personal stature as a politician is the Kharal seat in Mainpuri where Shobhna Yadav is contesting election on a Congress party ticket against SP's Shobharan Singh.That Shobhna happens to be a close relative of Mulayam and switched loyalties to Congress after she was denied a ticket by the SP has made the fight much more important than any other assembly constituency in the region for obvious reasons. With the Congress yet to make its presence felt in the region, it is a 'nothing to lose situation' for it. But for the SP, it is about its esteem.With its core caste base (Yadav) by its side, the party is confident of making it big in the region riding on the support of Muslims who are believe to have shown signs of reconciliation with SP in the last four phases of polling this election.Statistically too, the figures are impressively in favour of SP. Almost 20% of the 49 assembly constituencies going to poll on February 23 have an average Yadav population of at least 15% - a community which comprise 9% of the populace in the state. Perhaps it was this very Muslim-Yadav combination in the region that catapulted SP to power in 2002 assembly poll, sending as many as 28 SP MLAs to the Vidhan Sabha out of the total of 49.Ironically for the SP, this was the region that took its toll on SP in 2007 when Mayawati swept the region reducing the SP to 18 seats. So much so that all the four seats of Mainpuri - which Mulayam represents in the parliament, went to the BSP. The situation failed to improve one bit in the assembly by-poll that followed losing Bharthana, Bidhuna and Etawah assembly seats, despite a good share of Yadav population. After a slight change of heart in the 2009 Lok Sabha election where the voters not only gifted Mulayam with an easy win, his son Akhilesh who is now the SP state president, made it through from Kannauj and Ferozabad as well. The party stood tall in Etawah and Jalaun parliamentary constituencies as well.What actually shook the entire SP was the defeat of Akhilesh's wife Dimple from Ferozabad in the Lok Sabha by-poll - the incident came not only as an eye opener for the SP to detect and correct the follies that had crept into the party and taking toll on its popularity, it also marked the very start of Mulayam-Amar rift because the latter had insisted that Dimple must contest from Ferozabad and then is alleged to have worked against the party's interest. This was supposedly done to cut the growing stature of Akhilesh within the party to size.Burying the past, in the run-up to the assembly poll, the SP has worked in the region with the target of reassuring the Yadav vote bank that the party would no longer take them for granted. \"We have worked hard in the region and are surely expecting encouraging results this time,\" says party's state president Akhilesh Yadav.The other factor - and the main one - in favour of the SP here is the cluster of Yadav population in a dozen pockets which have a Yadav vote share ranging from 18% to 41%. These include Jaswantnagar in Etawah district with 41.6%, Karhal in Mainpuri (33.6%), Mainpuri (24%), Bhongaon (23.2%), Sikandra and Rasoolbad in Kanpur Dehat (22.3% and 21.5 % respectively), Patiyali (21.6%) and Kasganj (21.5%) in Etah district, Amanpur in Etah (19.3%) and Bharthana in Etawah (18.1%). Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11986124", "title": "Rail staff protests against non-payment of allowances", "text": "ALLAHABAD: To protest against railway authorities' decision to stop the payment of allowances including over time, running allowance prior to Holi and slew of measures against the interest of the employees, activists of Rail Sewak Sangh observed protest and showed their agitation infront of DRM office on Tuesday.In this connection, a protest meeting was organized at the office of senior section engineer ( bridge) which later took the shape of a procession that continued its march towards DRM office. Addressing the meeting, SN Srivastava observed that on one hand railway employees are facing the brunt of payment of income tax during the coming month of March and on the other hand railway administration has stopped the payment of the allowances to their employees for the month of January.He also said that Rail Sewak Sangh has written letter to the general manager and financial advisor and chief account officer demanding that all the allowances of the employees should immediately paid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11986121", "title": "Sangam city fast becoming a crime hub", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Three murders, one loot, two snatching and eight cases of thefts, is enough about the status of prevailing law and order situation in the district. In fact, the crime graph in the district is witnessing a steep rise in past five days as shown in the police records as these aforesaid incidences had occurred between February 16 and February 21.On Monday itself, a loot of Rs 2.5 lakh, murder of a retired roadways official and six cases of thefts were alone registered in police records. Incidentally, the killing of the retired roadways official and Rs 2.5 lakh loot have left the police officials to pull up their shocks as criminals have once again srtike at their will.The increasing cases of snatching and burglaries have also brought the senior cops on their toes who too no time to crack a whip asking their subordinates to perform or ready to face the music. Before the killing of retired roadways official, two other persons including a para-military jawan and a teenager were also murdered in sepeate incidences. On February 16, a youth was shot dead in Shankargarh area while a jawan of CRPF was shot dead in Meja police circle on February 19. On February 19, a teenager was also found killed in Koraon police circle. And, if the crime statistics are to be believed, the the Sangam city has been again earning the dubious distinction of crime hub and law breakers are striking at their will.While major cases including Mumfordganj Rs 44 lakh loot cum double murder and Civil Line loot cum murder case are yet to be solved out, cases of unsolved cases are too piling up at police stations whereas cops are finding it difficult to check the crime graph. \"Police must take stringent action against law breakers,\" said Vijay Arora, general secretary, Prayag Vyappar Mandal while talking to TOI. He added that we have been appealing police authorities to increase patrolling in market areas so that traders could heave a respite\".DIG|SSP, Prakash D has issued a set of directives to thana cops to tighten the noose around law breakers. Police teams have also assigned special task to crack down unsolved cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11986029", "title": "Medical varsity asks colleges to give 50% PG seats for merit list", "text": "CHENNAI: Starting this academic year, the state medical university will ensure that half of all the postgraduate seats in private medical colleges are filled through the single-window system of counselling. Placing merit on priority in PG medical education, the university has stipulated that students admitted under the management quota to the remaining half the seats should have scored 50% marks in their UG degree.In the past, private medical colleges affiliated to the university had not been surrendering 50% of their PG seats. This year, the government will be strict about the implementation of this rule, said university vice-chancellor Dr Mayil Vahanan Natarajan. \"If they don't, we will not register their students who then won't be able to write exams,\" he said.The university had decided to initiate these steps after officials in two private dental colleges in TN were caught on camera demanding capitation fees. The university will send circulars to the colleges to follow these regulations framed by the Medical Council of India and Dental Council of India.Private colleges are reluctant to share PG seats. A dean of a private dental college said: \"We have nine specialties in PG dental education. Each college gets eight seats and only two seats for some specialties. We will not be able to share these scarce seats.\"Until 2011, a dozen private medical colleges and 25 dental colleges surrendered 65% of their seats to the directorate of medical education and allowed students to be admitted through the single window, but none of the PG seats were surrendered. These seats are sold to the highest bidder.There are 30 colleges offering MBBS in the state, but only 17 colleges offer PG degrees. Some of them offer PG diploma courses. The situation in dental education is worse. There are 26 dental colleges, including one government college, offering 2,080 Bachelor of Dental Surgery (BDS) seats. Ten colleges offer 174 PG seats. Barring the 37 PG seats in the Government Madras Dental College, PG dental education in TN is entirely under the private sector. No college surrenders PG seats to the government.A government-appointed committee ensures these colleges conduct entrance tests, but none monitors the entire admission process. Private colleges have formed an association to hold a common entrance test. Till date, none of these colleges has been pulled up for violating admission norms.According to MCI guidelines, in non-government institutions, 50% of seats are to be filled by the competent authority and the remaining 50% by the management of the institution on the basis of merit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11986223", "title": "February 28 strike won\u2019t mean a holiday for WB govt staff", "text": "KOLKATA: Bunking work won't be easy for state government employees next Tuesday - February 28 - when Left trade unions go on a nation-wide strike. The Mamata Banerjee government has decided not to grant any leave on that day, which means an employee will have to satisfy his superior with valid reasons for unauthorized absence. Failing this, he may face disciplinary action - either pay cut or other penal measures.A circular from the chief secretary issued on Tuesday makes this clear. \"Government employees will not be granted leave on that day,\" it says. Compare this with a similar circular from the chief secretary ahead of a strike call in 2010. \"Government employees who do not attend office on that day will be required to apply for leave in accordance with rules,\" the 2010 circular had said.The difference in tenor is evident. The latest circular does not leave any room for state government employees to go on mass casual leave as was the norm during the Left rule.Can an employer deny leave to its employee if he has not exhausted his quota of entitled leaves? \"Going on leave can't be the right of an employee unless it is sanctioned by the employer. The employer may take action against an employee found absent at the work place. The employee may suffer a pay cut, or the employer may draw up disciplinary proceedings against the delinquent employee if he is not satisfied with the reasons for his unauthorized leave,\" says high court lawyer Arunava Ghosh.The circular is being perceived as a prelude to the proposed change in the service conduct code of state government employees that labour minister Purnendu Bose had recently referred to. The proposed change seeks to do away with the finance department circular of 1980 that recognizes the right to association by employees. Bose had argued that the 1980 amendment was contradictory to the subsequent sections of the service rules.Till now, state government employees' federations are firm in their stand to go on strike on their six-point charter of demands that include cancellation of pension privatization bill and fixing Rs 10,000 as the minimum wage.Ananta Bandyopadhyay, general secretary of the CPM-backed Coordination Committee was furious about the circular. \"No matter what, we will go ahead with the strike. We have given a notice well in advance. However, if some employees are unable to come to work despite the government's arrangements, shouldn't they have the right to tell them that? How can the government say in advance that there won't be any scope to apply for leave?\" he asked.\"The Left Front had created history by granting trade union rights to government employees. We had organized strikes even before 1980 and we will continue to do so. However, when it comes to others who are not involved in the strike and who may not be able to turn up, the circular is completely unfair. What is the basis of the circular? It's anti-employee in spirit,\" he said.Moloy Mukhopadhyay, joint secretary of the Intuc-affliated Confederation of State Government Employees, said that while his association was against the strike, there was \"no reason to support\" such a circular. \"Even if the government arranges for transport, some may not be able to make it. Also, on that day, someone may just want to take a leave for personal reasons. How can even that be not allowed?\" asked Mukhopadhyay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11988536", "title": "Baba,Tanvi Azmi to adopt caretaker\u2019s kids", "text": "Tanvi and Baba Azmi are on their way to legally adopt two of their personal assistant's kids, Meghna (10) and Viraj (5). Mirror has learnt that the couple initiated the adoption process a couple of months back, and has even introduced herslf as their mother at school events. When contacted, Tanvi said, \"Yes, Meghna and Viraj are my kids.\"The children have a separate room in Tanvi and Baba's plush Andheri residence at Green Acres.A family member told Mumbai Mirror, \"Tanvi had been very close to Meghna and Viraj since they were born. She was present during the delivery too. Now, her life revolves around them. They are not going to be denied any opportunities in life.\"Elaborating on the reason why Tanvi and Baba are adopting the kids, the family member said, \"It was a gradual process. The bond between the kids and the Azmis strengthened with every passing day. At one point, the Azmis felt that the kids were a part of their family.\"Meghna studies in std IV while Viraj is in Junior Kindergarten.\"Tanvi attends their school events as a mother. Tanvi and Baba are private people and they don't want to make a big deal about this. But yes, Meghna and Viraj are aware of the adoption and are very happy about it. Their relatives and friends have been kept in the loop,\" the family member added.Tanvi has acted in a number of Marathi and Hindi films. She received a Filmfare nomination for the Best Supporting Actress for her role in Akele Hum Akele Tum (1995).Last seen in Prakash Jha's Aarakshan as Amitabh Bachchan's wife, Tanvi concluded, \"I shall still be doing many films. That's my first love. Balancing home and career is a conscious decision that I have taken.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11985036", "title": "Palarivattom theft: Police team leaves for Malappuram", "text": "KOCHI: In a major twist to the mass robbery case in Palarivattom, the special squad probing the case has extended their inquiry to the northern parts of the state. Police officials who suspect the involvement of three or four gangs in the crime said that a team has already left for Malappuram.\"We are currently in pursuit of gangs who operate in a similar manner. We expect to bring the culprits involved behind bars in a couple of days,\" said a police official. \"There were robberies of similar style in different parts of the state and we suspect the same gangs and their allies to be involved in this operation,\" he added.The police also suspect the involvement of migrant labourers in the incident and have started collecting details of migrant labourers working in the city. The officials said that it is difficult to keep track of migrant labourers since they are scattered and keep moving from one place to another.Meanwhile, the 14 suspects who were remanded by the police from different parts of the city on Monday are still in custody and the police are confused whether to release them or not. \"Since the security was unable to identify anyone who is in custody, we are not in a position to release the 14 suspects,\" said V Gopakumar, Palarivattom SI.Fingerprint experts and dog squads have inspected the spot and collected fingerprint samples from the spot. The police officials said that they were trying to track the exact location of the 14 people in custody at the time of the incident.Following the burglary, the police have intensified the security in the city and have strengthened night patrolling from Monday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11984152", "title": "Dead trainee cop\u2019s kin seek probe", "text": "MUMBAI: The family of Puja Kute (22), the trainee police constable who died four days after she reportedly had a mysterious fall from the fourth floor of the Marol Police Training School, has asked the Powai police to probe the death.The family said it got suspicious after going through the preliminary post-mortem report. \"The report shows that there is no fracture on her body. She died because of a blood clot in her stomach. This shows she had sustained blows and punches on her stomach and it was not the fall that killed her,\" Puja's uncle, Prakash Kute, told TOI on Tuesday.He said on February 16, Puja was fine and had talked to her family at 6pm. \"Something happened between 6 and 7pm and the police are trying to hide this. The cause of death seems to be totally different and not an accidental fall,\" he said.Her family claimed that they were informed about the incident an hour later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "11986306", "title": "Kalam says nuke reactors are safe", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: Former President of India, A P J Abdul Kalam , on Tuesday reiterated the safety of nuclear reactors, saying, \"There are about 546 nuclear reactors in the world. Many more will come up in future.\" He was answering questions from the media after attending a function at CSI college of Engineering in Ketti near Ooty. Starting with a Tamil poem written by him, he delivered an inspiring speech during the function. Systematic approach in all fields is very important towards the making of a different India in 2020, he said. Development should not compromise the environment, he added.He also spoke about the education system in India. He said there were many loopholes in the system. He also lamented the lack of creativity in the system. A lemon tree sapling planted in memory of his visit was watered by him. Earlier, he visited the Army Public School in Wellington near Coonoor and interacted with school children. Four other schools from in and around Wellington were also present during the interaction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11986174", "title": "Right to rally", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Civil society organizations are up in arms against a recent Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation's (BMC) diktat that asked them to obtain a no-objection certificate (NOC) from it by paying Rs 1,000 for holding demonstrations at Mahata Gandhi Marg here.Defying the order, demonstrators on Tuesday staged a sit-in on the route without any NOC. \"We did not obtain any NOC from BMC. We have no money to buy the NOC. It is our democratic right to protest. BMC cannot collect fees for it,\" said Sahadeb Swain, an agitator.A BMC squad faced that went to prevent demonstrators from sitting on the Marg were scared away by the latter. \"They did not obtain any NOC. I will inform my seniors about it. It is up to them to initiate action,\" said Santosh Praharaj, a squad member.Protesters have started turning up along MGM, coinciding with the beginning of the budget session of the assembly. It is commonplace for demonstrators under the banners of various social outfits to lay siege to the area to press for their demands during assembly sessions.The BMC issued the NOC order on Saturday following a meeting presided over by chief secretary and other senior officials here on January 27, sources said. Though the meeting was primarily convened to discuss measures to strengthen the enforcement squad of Bhubaneswar Development Authority (BDA), the issue relating to sanitation problems at the dharna venue on MGM was also tabled for discussion. Civic authorities said the Marg becomes polluted during the mass congregation of demonstrators for several days during assembly sessions.\"It was decided that the demonstrators will have to obtain NOC from BMC and pay Rs 1,000 towards clean-up activities after their departure from the dharna ground,\" said mayor A N Jena. \"We do not want to impose the decision on people. They should understand the necessity of the NOC and obey the order,\" Jena said.The BMC apprised of the order to commissionerate of police on Tuesday, which was until now the lone NOC provider for such dharnas on MGM. \"We have requested the police to reject the applications if not cleared by BMC. Or, if the police first issue the NOC, they should attach a condition of NOC approval from BMC,\" Jena said.Nishikant Mohapatra, member of India Against Corruption described the BMC decision as \"undemocratic\". \"We strongly oppose the fee structure as well as the NOC. Who is BMC to disallow us from sitting at a designated dharna place? We have no problem if it issues warning to demonstrators not to pollute the place and imposes fine,\" Mohapatra said. \"We are capable of cleaning the dharna place ourselves,\" he added.\"Who gave BMC the power to stifle our democratic right to protest? We understand the need of getting permission from police in view of law and order and traffic problems. But there is no need to get permission from BMC,\" said another demonstrator.State housing and urban development secretary Saurabh Garg, however, said, \"Like police, the BMC has the power to issue an NOC for dharna under Orissa Municipal Corporation (OMC) Act 2003. Demonstrators have no right to pollute a public place surrounded by houses of people.\"Sources said in 2006 the Orissa high court had asked the state government to identify another place, preferably a less crowded one, where such demonstrations could be shifted from the busy MGM where there are official residences of a number of ministers and bureaucrats. However, it did not work out as the protestors opposed the move tooth and nail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "11985910", "title": "Four new trains to benefit Tatanagar", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The rail commuters of the Steel city have a reason to smile. The railways has introduced four new trains, including a superfast express, this month, subsequent to its announcement in the last budget.The South Eastern Railway (SER) has introduced Santragachi to Nanded superfast weekly express on Wednesday. The Down train (number 12768) from Santragachi will reach Tatanagar every Wednesday at 6.05pm and the Up train (12767) from Nanded will arrive here every Monday at 2.55am. It will have 16 coaches, including two AC coaches.\"We are indeed happy that our long-pending demand for a train to Shri Hazur Saheb (Nanded) has finally been realized,\" said Sardar Shailendra Singh, the president of the Jharkhand Gurudwara Prabandhan Committee.Shalimar-Udaipur train (number 19659) from Shalimar (in West Bengal ) will reach Tatanagar every Sunday at 0.05am and the Up train (19658) will reach here every Friday at 5.40pm. This train was introduced on Sunday.The third train Purulia to Jhargram (number 68024), which will run on all six days of the week except Sunday, was introduced on Monday. The train will leave Purulia at 10am and will reach here at 12.05pm and on its return journey the train will be available here at 7am.\"Hopefully, the new trains will be able to accommodate heavy rush of passengers to different destinations,\" said Rajeshwar Chaudhary, manager, Tatanagar railway station.The SER has also introduced an express train between Tatanagar and Asansol via Adra on Tuesday. It will run on Tuesdays, Wednesdays and Fridays and will take three and a half hours to cover the distance.The Up train (13512) will reach Tatanagar from Asansol at 12.25pm and on its return the Down train (13511) will leave for Asansol at 1pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11985551", "title": "No end to women commuters\u2019 woes", "text": "BHOPAL: Women commuters who complained of misbehaviour while commuting in public transport were looking upto the pink buses as an end their travel woes. However, irregular schedule of the buses have added to their woes.Low frequency and erratic timings of the pink buses have only added to confusion of woman commuters.\"We have to wait for long time for the pink buses to arrive. This disturbs our schedule for the rest of the day,\" Pramila Sharma, a saleswoman by profession said, adding many a time we are compelled to travel by auto or other easily available modes of commutation.\"My college starts at 9 am. I have to travel from Board Office to Bairagarh every day. But there are no ladies special buses in the morning. Left with no other option, I have to travel in the low- floor buses which are not very safe for women. The BMC should increase the frequency of the ladies special buses,\" said Megha Mahajan, a resident of Shivaji Nagar.The Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) had started four ladies special buses in November 2011.But, the number of passengers using these buses is very low. On an average, only 30 to 40 ladies use one bus every day and the operators say this has become a loss making venture. However, the passengers blame it on the 'odd-timings.'The pink bus crosses an area only thrice a day. While the first bus arrives at around 12 noon, the timings for the next two buses are 3.00 pm and 7.00 pm respectively.\"Why cannot the BMC increase the number of buses in the city which is fast growing,\" Shweta Moolchandani a resident of Chunabhatti said, asking what if one misses the first bus.When contacted, the new commissioner of the BMC Rajneesh Shrivastava said he would consider \"rescheduling of timings.We may consider changing the timings of the ladies special buses to make the travel of women more comfortable,\" the BMC commissioner told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "bharat nagar chowk", "code": "11986540", "title": "Learning Shakespeare through experience", "text": "BHARAT NAGAR CHOWK: The students of Government College of Women , Bharat Nagar Chowk, thought it would be better to learn Shakespeare through experience than reading his work in a class. And this led to a spectacular performance of the 16th century Shakespearean drama 'The Merchant of Venice' at the college auditorium on Tuesday.The presentation was unique as the students chose to enact the play on pre-recorded dialogues and background score. They took charge of everything from acting to direction and music to sound mixing spending about three months on the production of the play. There efforts received a loud applause from other students and college faculty.Gopal Nagar resident and a BA-III student Manpreet, who co-directed the play with classmate Durga Parmar, said the participants co-operation and Durga's support simplified her tedious task. Janta Nagar resident Durga said the play was unique in its presentation because of the recorded script. \"And it was first such out and out effort by students in the city,'' she added.Durga said they spend two months on recording and mixing the script and background score and a month on rehearsals. Manpreet and I browsed through various books and internet to achieve the best we could,'' she said.BRS Nagar resident Garima Syal said their well coordinated lipsing and expressions kept the audience glued to their seats. While other actors bought their wardrobe from the market, Kulwinder Kaur of Miller Ganj stitched her own attire. \"It took a lot of time stitching it, but the final product was better than others' costumes,'' she said.Evneet of Vikas Nagar said, \"We didn't even hire a make-up artist and helped each other with the get-up.'' Basant Vihar resident Ziart Priya Kaur said recording the script in advance helped them a lot. \"Since the script was pre-recorded, it had the perfect expressions and mood. We got ample time to get the right expressions and match our lipsing.''\"We were hardly able to attend classes for last one month as we dedicated all our time in college to rehearsals,'' said Kitchlu Nagar resident Preksha Jain. \"As The Merchant of Venice is a part of our syllabus, I am sure every student in the audience would have grasped it better than they could in classrooms,'' she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "11983819", "title": "Lawyer's plea to renounce faith quashed", "text": "THANE: Karl Marx's famous line about religion being the opium of the people appears to have been taken too literally by a local lawyer, whose unusual petition in the Thane sessions court to declare him as 'non-religious' was struck down by the Justice SS Todkar here recently.Shrirang Balwant Khambete, a practicing advocate here pleaded that he was no longer eager to be identified with any particular traditions or faith and wished to abandon his religion.The 50-year-old advocate said in his petition that the present day strife and struggle was a result of traditions rooted in religious faith. He said a value system based on principles of secularism or non-religious traditions is the key to spread peace in the region and therefore sought the court's orders to be henceforth referred to as 'non' religious' just like the constitution of India.Religion and caste are purely man- manufactured. People will be happy and content only when they break-free of all man-made traditions of faith. Animals are not governed by any religious practices and so they lead a peaceful life. If man sheds his self-made beliefs of religion and instead accepts the larger humanity as his religion, it will put an end to disputes,'' Khambete said.The one-of-its kind petition, filed way back in 2009, invited attention among the legal fraternity as also the citizens here who were anxious about the fate of this plea given the fact that religion, caste and creed are considered as integral part of the Indian societyKhambete, who was born in a Marathi-speaking Brahmin family here, argued further that, religion cannot be imposed on a person merely due to the fact that he was born into a family where the parents preached a particular faith. If politicians can be referred to as Independens and the Constitution be called secular then by the same logic I wish to be non-religious,'' he said.Arguing his case in the court debate, advocate VP Patil told the court that the petitioner intends to abandon his caste and religion as per rule 13 (1) (ii) of the Hindu Marriages Act and that he does not want to take up any other religion after that. If the court can sanction change of religion then the person should legally be allowed to give up religion entirely,'' Patil said in his petition.Justice Todkar in his order stated that the view about religion and faith are purely the personal opinions of the petitioner and cannot be imposed on others. Quoting Article 25 of the Right to Freedom of Religion, the court observed that any person is free to embrace or give up his religion and if t the petitioner intends to give up his case and religion then he is within his rights to do so.Justice Todkar said should the court sanction the title of non-religious'' it could possibly complicate matters for the family members of such a person as after his death they would be caught in a legal trap on several issues of heir to the property or rituals etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11984594", "title": "School girl killed by speeding van", "text": "GURGAON: A girl student of Class XI was killed and her schoolmate injured by a speeding car in Sector 4 on Tuesday morning when they were going to school. Police arrested the car driver, who hit an Alto car before crushing the two, who were walking on the footpath.The incident took place near Jeevan Jyoti School around 7:20am on Tuesday. Ramkumar, an eyewitness, said that some school students were walking on the footpath, while on their way to school.Suddenly, he heard a speeding vehicle approaching. When he turned to see. It turned out to be a Maruti van which hit an Alto car parked in front of a house and in no time the van climbed up the footpath and struck two students. Flung in the air, the two landed on the railing of the green belt.The victims belonging to Jeevan Jyoti School were identified as Preeti Negi, 17, of Class XI and resident of Surat Nagar in Phase II, and Gaurav, 15, of Class X and resident of Firoz Gandhi colonyin Gurgaon. They received head injuries and passers-by rushed them to a private hospital.In the meantime, the people nabbed the van driver and handed him over to the police. \"When I heard the big noise I quickly went to the front side and I saw the van in full speed crushing Preeti and Gaurav,\" said Chander Mohan, a schoolmate of the victims.Due to her critical condition, Preeti was referred by the doctors to Medicity hospital, where she died during the treatment. According to the police, the driver was identified as 42-year-old Sanjeev Bakshi, native of Jammu &amp; Kashmir, and resident of housing board colony of Sector 7 extension.Cops said that Sanjeev was working with a hotel as cashier and has two vehicles, (a van and an Alto), which were engaged with a company as taxis. \"Van owner Sanjeev was driving at a speed of more than speed 60kmph but at a T point near Jeevan Jyoti School he lost control of the van.We first suspected that the accused was drunk, but the medical report showed he wasn't,\" said an investigator. \"We have lodged an FIR for negligent driving and unintentional murder against the van owner who was driving the van. The accused has an original driving licence which was made five years ago and we produced him in a city court on Wednesday. We gave the body of the girl student to her kin after the postmortem', said Naseeb Singh, the cop in charge of Sector 4-7 police chowki.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11988092", "title": "Farhan Akhtar learns to run the Milkha way", "text": "It was a bright winter afternoon in Chandigarh. In the midst of a running track at the Government Boys School, sat four men - Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra, Farhan Akhtar , Vikram Malhotra (COO, Viacom18) and Milkha Singh, with a pair of shoes.And it wasn't just any 'shoe'. The pair of sneakers had trod Roman soil. It had almost won India an Olympic bronze, missing it only by a fraction of a second. It was the same pair that the Flying Sikh had worn in the Olympics finals in circa 1960.\"I wouldn't part with it even if someone gave me Rs 10,000 crore,\" Milkha had once said and had thus donated the pair of shoes for charity. Filmmaker Mehra had bought it. And on Tuesday afternoon, Milkha was ready to hand over his shoes to the man who is ready to fit into the athlete's symbolic shoes for Mehra's upcoming biopic Bhaag Milkha Bhaag.However, the pair of shoes had never been meant for stationary events. It had run a thousand miles. And had a million more left in them. So, Milkha and Farhan took to the running track right after the 'handing over' ceremony. While all eyes were fixed on Farhan hoping that the actor, who had been busy practicing for his role of an athlete, would run a few laps making it a perfect picture opportunity, the Flying Sikh once again surprised all. Milkha took to the track.With a shoe in hand, Milkha, who had reportedly been giving Farhan tips on portraying the athlete on the silver screen, started explaining the tricks of running like Milkha. It's not easy to be Milkha. While the world ran in particular way, Milkha chose to be different. And if Farhan wants to be Milkha Singh, he rather be different too!Thus started the training.Try running. You will find your arms swinging back and forth with every leap you take. But not Milkha's. While his left arm would move back and forth, his right arm would strangely swing sideways. This was the Milkha way of breaking records that many athletes picked up.Farhan, who had been an athlete during his school years, thus started practicing the Milkha way of running. We waited. Farhan tried. And voila! He got it right.Now, Rakeysh Mehra, who was sitting back, watching the two, had an interesting story to tell. We all know how Milkha Singh had sold the story of his life to the filmmaker for Re 1. Mehra, on his part took efforts to pay him the fee. The filmmaker went out of his way to find a 1960 one-rupee note (considering Milkha ran in the 1960 Olympic). Only when he found one, did he pay up. That's what we call 'attention to details'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11985765", "title": "Three-day art of self-healing session from February 23", "text": "INDORE: Sadhana Sangama Trust's Indore chapter will hold a three-day art of self-healing programme from February 23 to 25 at the Devi Ahilya library compound in Indore between 6.15 pm and 8 pm.Chairman of the trust Sri Pattabhiram will deliver lectures and give practice sessions on the occasion. Sri Pattabhiram has been guiding people in meditative practices for last 30 years, informed Shwetal Pandit of Indore chapter of the trust.The sessions, which would be held in two parts, is free of cost and open to all.The first session will comprise philosophy of self healing, causes and origin of psychosomatic diseases, self transformation, prana as a tool for self-healing, and meditation. The second part would comprise Himalayan yogic kriyas, pranic kriyas - activation of chakras and agnis and powerful dynamic self-healing meditation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11984861", "title": "City gears up for Buddhist new year", "text": "NEW DELHI: For the first time in Delhi, the entire Trans-Himalayan community will celebrate the Buddhist New Year on Saturday, in an all-day event that will include a prayer service, games such as archery and arm wrestling, and cultural performances by artists from within, and outside, the country.\"Different communities celebrate Lo-Sar on different dates, depending on historical and geographical conditions, and this is the first time here that all communities will celebrate together on a single platform,\" said Sonam Agola, general secretary, Buddh-Jyoti Foundation, which organized the festival.The festival's highlights include chanting by monks of Sherabling monastery in Himachal Pradesh; a performance by Dharma Bums, an American Buddhist rock band from Woodstock; stalls selling jewellery, textiles, handicrafts, food and live events such as the traditional Cham dance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "11986412", "title": "Forest officials &amp; cops seize two earth-movers of ESL", "text": "BOKARO: A team of district forest department on Tuesday seized two earth movers of Electrosteel Steel Ltd (ESL) which was allegedly used by company to encroach forest land at Bhaghaband under Siyaljori police station of the Chandankyari block.A team of forest personnel headed by assistant chief conservator Shambhu Prasad and range officer Ashok Kumar seized the vehicles with the help of police.Bokaro divisional forest officer K Manish Arvind said they received information from villagers that the ESL management was using earth movers for leveling plot number 1120, a 51.34 acres of notified, demarcated and protect forest land, situated adjacent to its boundary wall at Baghaband mouja towards Khumbhataad.\"Acting on the information, the team rushed to the spot and seized the vehicles. But unfortunately the drivers managed to escape,\" said Arvind.\"The problem arose when we can't get anyone to drive the seized vehicles to the nearest police station. Though the area where the vehicles are seized is located close to ESL boundary, the company workers are looking for chance to take those vehicles inside its periphery to escape legal hurdle. The forest personnel also fear of being overpowered by the ESL workers and called a police team,\" he added.He said on November 12, 2011, the forest team in a similar incident had seized three earthmovers of ESL doing unlawful leveling of forest land from the same plot but then the ESL workers overpowered their officials and staff and free the vehicles from their possession even after it was seized. An FIR has been lodged in this connection with the police station.ESL joint general manager C P Pandey said, \"Allegation that the company is encroaching forest land is totally baseless. The forest officials usually come and create problem for us by imposing such allegation on the company.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11984750", "title": "Cops trace more cars hit by blast", "text": "Two Damaged Vehicles To Be Sent To Forensic Lab, Owners QuestionedNEW DELHI: Eight days after a bomb ripped through the car of an Israeli diplomat, Delhi Police said they have traced the two other vehicles that were damaged in the attack along with the Innova of the Israeli embassy and two other cars.Sources said a forensic examination of these vehicles - a Maruti van taxi and a Polo car - would help forensic experts understand the exact nature of the bomb used. Police remained tightlipped on whether they had already questioned the cars' owners about the February 13 incident. However, they said other than Israeli diplomat Tal Yehoshua-Koren and Gopal, the main eyewitness, no one had provided a more detailed first-hand account of the incident.Sources said all cars that suffered the impact of the bomb will be sent to the forensic lab. While the Innova car has been sent for forensic testing and has even been inspected by the Israeli secret service - Mossad - the car belonging to Gopal and the Indica car were still stationed at the Tughlaq Road police station as important case property.Meanwhile, even as the investigation shows no progress, one person has been detained by the National Investigation Agency (NIA) in connection with the Delhi high court bombing last year. The person has been identified as Mohammed Ayub. His name had come up during the interrogation of Wasim Akram , a medical student, allegedly the main accused in the case, official sources said.Ayub is alleged to have purchased a SIM card for a known Hizbul Mujahideen commander - Jehangir - wanted by the NIA in connection with the conspiracy. It is not clear whether Ayub would be placed under arrest and brought to the capital or questioned in Kishtwar and handed over to local police, sources said.Wasim's uncle and cousin were also summoned to Delhi and questioned after their numbers figured in the phone book of the accused. Sources also said that another massive search operation is under way in Kishtwar for Junaid Akram Malik, wanted in connection with the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11984442", "title": "Police await family of dead Japanese executive", "text": "GURGAON: The postmortem of the Japanese national,who was found hanging in a children's park within a housing society, will be conducted on Thursday by a board of doctors. It is expected that the wife of the Olympus Medical Systems' MD will reach the city from Japan that very day.The officials of Japan Embassy are also supposed to come down on Thursday. The dead body, meanwhile, has been kept in a mortuary of a private hospital.According to the police, \"On the request of the employees of the company, we kept the dead body of the Japanese national who had committed suicide inside a children's park inside the DLF-The Icon apartment complex.\"Police had recovered his dead body on Monday. Tsutomi Omori, 49, was discovered hanging from the iron railings of a boundary wall inside a children's park in the apartment.The police had recovered two suicide notes written in Japanese. While one of them was meant for Omori's family, the other note only said, \"I am sorry for bothering you\" in Japanese.\"We are waiting for his family members so that the postmortem can be conducted in their presence, said Maheshwar Dyal, DCP (East).Meanwhile, sources say that Omori's colleagues had described him as a strong-willed person, who was unlikely to have taken such a drastic step.However, so far the police do not have reason to suspect foul play.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "navelim", "code": "11984799", "title": "Will the Navelim 'fogetti' blast off the Salcete 'strongman'?", "text": "NAVELIM: It's nearing noon and the election office of PWD minister Churchill Alemao at Bellem, Navelim, is packed to bursting with people, migrants included, waiting patiently to meet their \"benefactor\" who has just entered.A very brief one-to-one interaction with those gathered follows. As they exit, the smiles on their faces indicate that Churchill has not failed to please them.Ask Alemao the reason for the rush and the burly six-footer says it's the same scene everyday. \"People come to me to get their things done,\" he says as a matter of fact.\"And pray, what work do they have during the time of elections-so many of them?\" one tends to ask. Apparently not too pleased with the query, Alemao shrugs it off with contempt. \"Some of the things will be done after the elections,\" he says nonchalantly. One gets the hint.Just then, the sound of the police siren alerts Alemao. \"Is that the flying squad?\" he inquires with his assistant. The alert sounded, his men move into action and ensure that any threat is warded off quickly.This time the Congressman is pitted against independent Avertano Furtado who is keen on defeating the Salcete heavyweight. In 2007, Alemao had contested on the Save Goa Front (SGF) ticket after breaking away from the Congress just before the general elections.Furtado, who belongs to Alemao's bete noire Luizinho Faleiro-camp, is supported by the BJP, which has a voter base of nearly 5,000 in the Navelim constituency. The BJP workers are seen accompanying Furtado in his door-to-door campaigns. BJP had extended support to Alemao during the 2007 elections and that had helped Alemao score a thumping victory. Alemao had trounced Faleiro by 4,504 votes in that poll.The Furtado-camp is buoyed by the \"tremendous\" support they have been receiving from voters during their door-to-door campaigning. \"There's a strong tide in my favour. People wholeheartedly pledge their support to me,\" Furtado says. His claims cannot be dismissed, going by the response his corner meetings evoke. Shaikh Jina, the convener of the BJP's minority cell, is strongly behind Furtado. \"This time the voters will turn the tables on Churchill. Avertano will win by at least 5,000 votes,\" Jina avers.In his manifesto, Furtado has promised to set up a career guidance centre, introduce agro-reforms, create police outposts at Navelim and Davorlim, set up a sports centre, desilt the Salpem lake, among other assurances. \"I will also address grievances of the seamen from our constituency and work towards revitalization of water bodies,\" Furtado said while releasing his manifesto.Alemao is unruffled. Ask him how he rates his opponent, and he outright berates him. \"He is a fogetti (a fire cracker ),\" he says in his trademark style.\"Last elections, I defeated Luizinho Faleiro, who had ruled Navelim for 25 long years by nearly 5,000 votes. Who is Avertano to challenge me? My victory is certain. All the panchayats are with me. I enjoy full support of the sarpanchas of Telaulim, Navelim, Rumdamol, Aquem-Baixo and Davorlim panchayats, besides the two ZP members from this constituency. I have ushered in a wave of development in Navelim and people are happy. My support base is strong, while that of my rival's is frail and rickety,\" Alemao says.Following the delimitation of the constituencies, villages of Varca, Carmona, Cavelossim and Orlim, which earlier were part of the Navelim constituency and which were considered Alemao-strongholds have been merged with Benaulim constituency. The size of the electorate is now 21,000, down from the earlier 32,000. Alemao, however, now faces an additional challenge-people's sentiments against 'family raj'. Alemao, however, sees no threat. His defense is that dynasty politics has been \"Goa's tradition\" and that Goans have, by and large, accepted it.Iliyas Shaikh contesting as an independent and Jose Coutinho fielded by Janata Dal (U) are the other two candidates in the fray.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11984289", "title": "More coaches likely on inter-city trains", "text": "PUNE: The Central Railway is considering a proposal to add more coaches to some intercity trains between Pune and Mumbai in view of passenger rush. These trains at present run with 12 to 15 coaches.\"The proposal is under consideration. It will take a couple of weeks to decide on categories of coaches and the exact numbers that are to be added to intercity trains running between Pune and Mumbai,\" said Central Railway's general manager S K Jain, on Tuesday.Jain was speaking to reporters after his visit to the Pune railway division as part of the annual inspection wherein he visited various stations and also held talks with local people pertaining to railway services.Jain said the administration is also considering some changes in the Pune-Lonavla local train service. \"Some Pune-Lonavla local trains may terminate at Shivajinagar station to reduce burden at the Pune station. This will help run additional trains between Shivajinagar and Lonavla. It appears that there is enough space at Shivajinagar station for local trains. However, we need to study changes in the signaling system and tracks. Besides, we may implement a separate traffic plan outside Shivajinagar station to reduce congestion,\" said Jain.\"Some commuter groups demanded local train service between Pune and Karjat. We told them that the presence of a ghat section between Lonavla and Karjat is a hurdle. Hence, the local or shuttle services cannot start immediately. We will initiate a study on this.\"Jain said the administration will approach the state government for provision of level crossings at some places on the Pune-Lonavla route. He said steps are being taken to establish communication with the Pune Municipal Corporation to streamline movement of vehicles and people outside main entrance of the Pune station. On passenger amenities, Jain said that the administration will build an additional foot-over-bridge at Pune railway station. Additional ticket windows have also been opened and UTS machines are installed at some stations in the division.The Central Railway has started an automatic coach washing plant at the Ghorpadi Yard. The new plant has improved system for high-quality washing of coaches. The plant would save about 26,000 liters of water per day and require less labour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "11984168", "title": "'Collective decision on tie-up with MNS'", "text": "AURANGABAD: Senior BJP leader Gopinath Munde said on Tuesday that the BJP-Shiv Sena and the Republican Party of India (Athavale group) would collectively decide about joining hands with the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) to form local self-government bodies at places where the alliance has fallen short of majority.Addressing a news conference here Munde said that he had suggested an alliance between the Shiv Sena , BJP and the MNS about a year ago. \"However, the two Thackerays (Uddhav and Raj) and even the BJP did not respond to my suggestion. In the present situation I would go by the collective decision of the saffron alliance and the RPI.''When his attention was drawn to the alliance falling short of majority in civic polls Mumbai and other places and the MNS facing the same problem in Nashik, Munde said: \"So far nothing has been decided. Every decision would be collective, irrespective of what I feel or what I once suggested.''He said the Mumbai, Thane, and Ulhasnagar results suggested that the Sena-BJP-RPI alliance has good prospects in the next Lok Sabha and assembly elections. The alliance was comparatively in a better position to come to power at least in eight zilla parishads also.On the RPI not registering expected victory, except for a few seats in Nashik and one in Mumbai, Munde said, \"Whatever the outcome, the RPI would be accommodated and would have its due share in power.''Asked about the party position in Beed, which he represents in Parliament, Munde said: \"People in Beed have given good support to the BJP, which won 23 out of 59 seats in the zilla parishad election. Last time, the party had won 22 seats. The NCP needs just two members. But, still a miracle could occur and the BJP would come to power in Beed zilla parishad.''Munde's close relatives, including elder brother Pandit Anna Munde, quit the BJP to join the NCP on the eve of the zilla parishad election, while his nephew Dhananjay Munde, MLC, had rebelled against him to join the NCP at the time of municipal council polls. Pandit Anna, however, lost the ZP election as an NCP nominee.Munde said, \"I don't want to comment on the performance of my relatives. It was simply a BJP versus NCP fight in Beed, where the BJP did well despite the five NCP MLAs, two ministers and the deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar himself throwing their weight behind their candidates\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11983961", "title": "SSLC hall tickets may go online", "text": "BANGALORE: Wondering if your hall ticket will reach on time while you prepare for the SSLC examination? With over 9 lakh students appearing for the crucial examinations every year, the fear of not receiving the hall ticket on time or losing it, is the first thing on every child's mind. But fret not. The good news is that the Karnataka Secondary Education Examination Board (KSEEB) is trying to make the process hassle-free by adopting the concept of online hall tickets.Primary and secondary education minister Vishweshwar Hegde Kageri told TOI on Tuesday: \"If everything works fine, online hall tickets for SSLC students will become a reality, at least from the next academic year. We are working on the initiative. We have submitted a proposal to the government and if it's approved, SSLC hall tickets will be available online from the next academic year itself. This is to ensure students are not faulted for non-receipt of tickets.\"\"For this year, we will issue hall tickets from February 29 and the last date of sending them from our end will be March 4. We understand that the process of sending a hard copy is cumbersome and it's difficult for students as well. This prompted us to bring in the concept of online hall tickets, but the process is in its initial stages. We cannot guarantee when it will be enforced,\" said D Venkateshaiah, director, KSEEB.Taking a stride further, the board has increased the number of examination centres this year. \"We have 3,000 centres across the state this time. No centre will have over 300 students appearing for the test,\" explained Venkateshaiah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11984856", "title": "Tree counters lost in administrative woods", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In the first round of the maiden tree census that began in the city on February 5, more than 1,700 enumerators, mostly children of municipal schools, were able to count only 50,000 trees. The hiccups were more administrative in nature. The major hurdle was the location. The enumerators had been assigned specific areas for the census but most of them were unable to locate the exact address.The census is being conducted after the inclusion of new areas within the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation ( AMC ) limits. The city has been divided into 153 blocks in 64 wards. But, in the absence of a proper map, the enumerators could not locate the addresses and returned without counting a single tree.After the initial hiccups, a map with the names of the specific societies and the landmark was given to each of them. The second round of counting was held on February 19.In many cases, the children could not identify the proper species of the tree. To solve this issue, experts from botany department of the Gujarat University has been asked to accompany students for the count.Trees which are about five feet and more in height and have girth not less than 10 cm are being counted. As per 2005 census, the number of such trees was 3,48,761 and they were of 140-odd species. The 2005 census was conducted in only 43 wards of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11984835", "title": "Baggage-less travel: Check in 8 hrs ahead", "text": "NEW DELHI: International fliers can now board Delhi's showcase Airport Metro Express 'baggage-less' from Thursday when the much talked about check-in facility for flights abroad at its stations -- New Delhi and Shivaji stadium -- will kick off.Passengers have to check-in a minimum of two-and-a-half hours prior to their flight time, the spokeperson said. \"Fliers can check-in and collect their boarding passes a maximum of eight hours prior to their flight time.\" Check-in facility for domestic fliers has been in operation for the past few months on the Airport Metro and the launching of check-in for international fliers has been long overdue.The 23km high-speed corridor that allows passengers to reach IGI from Connaught Place in around 20 minutes currently has a ridership of 20,000 commuters.The spokesperson said talks were on with other airlines that have international service from the IGI Airport, to come and set up check-in counters at the Reliance Metro Airport Express stations. Anil P Gupta, president, R-Infra said the international check-in service at New Delhi and Shivaji Stadium stations will help passengers flying abroad to avoid long queues at the airport.\"International fliers can collect their boarding passes at the Airport Express Metro Station itself and go for security check at the airport, totally hassle free,\" he said. The six-hour check-in period would be beneficial to passengers coming from Uttar Pradesh , Haryana, Punjab and Rajasthan as they can check-in their luggage at the stations and then go for shopping.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11985037", "title": "Shifting from charity to rights for the differently-abled", "text": "PANAJI: Fidgeting playfully with his wheelchair as he speaks, a young and vibrant professional, Jaspal Dhani, light-heartedly puts forth a question that would get anyone thinking. \"Why are there no differently-abled actors in Bollywood or why do we not see differently-abled persons playing a central role in the many soap operas watched by millions in India?\" Dhani asks.Sitting at the venue of the international conference on inclusive education of the differently-abled in India called the 'North South Dialogue IV-Implementing Tools of Change for Inclusion' at Miramar, Dhani recalls being taken to holy men clad in saffron robes and to temples to \"cure\" him of his disability.For Dhani, setting up educational institutions for physically and mentally challenged persons is fulfilling only the most basic requirement. \"One can go to a school where there are facilities available for inclusion. But what happens after that? What does one do when they want to go out and meet friends and want to go to restaurants where there are no toilets for the differently-abled?\"Also in a wheelchair, a relatively older and calmer Richard Reiser, sitting next to Dhani, adds, \"Facilities for barrier-free access are needed by old people as well, not just the differently-abled, yet these provisions are not made when new infrastructure is built. This happens because there are no differently-abled persons who are part of the various planning committees because if one does not need the facilities, they will not know that they need to be provided.\"Speaking from the dais earlier in the day about parenting a differently-abled child, Shobha Sachdev was emotional. By afternoon, sitting across the table from Dhani and Reiser, Sachdev was impatient with the prevailing systems in India which are far from true acceptance of the differently-abled. \"It is not like there are no differently-abled persons. They cannot come out because we do not provide the environment they need. In this situation, when a few differently-abled persons do come out, they are stared at.\"The five-day conference in Goa has been organized by the 40-year-old NGO ADAPT (Able Disabled All People Together) and has brought together differently-abled individuals, activists, professionals, grassroots workers, government and corporate world representatives from across 22 countries.\"According to data from a report jointly compiled by the World Bank and Ministry of Social Justice, over 80% of differently-abled children-which are 70-80 million kids in India-are out of governmental programs. The differently-abled in India have faced a lot of systematic barriers-where the government has been doing institutionalized discrimination against disability with differently-abled people being out of everything they program,\" Mithu Alur, the founder chairperson of ADAPT and Padmashri awardee, said, addressing the conference in Goa. Like all disability rights groups around the world, ADAPT as an organization has also shifted from the 'charity model' to the 'rights model' for the differently-abled.Two of ADAPT's major success stories are Malini Chib and Ruma Kirtikar, both of who suffer from cerebral palsy. Alur's daughter Malini-who as a child was termed a \"vegetable\" by doctors-has now won a national award for her book 'One Little Finger'. She is now the chairperson of ADAPT's rights group. Ruma Kirtikar, on the other hand, now makes for an extremely organized librarian for ADAPT. Back at the table, Nanette Goodman, mother of an adult son with autism spectrum disorder, recommends a step-by-step approach for true assimilation of the differently-abled in society. \"We need to start by providing ramps in buildings first. Once the differently-abled persons can enter the buildings, then we can bring in the change in attitude.\" tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11977992", "title": "Ranveer Singh, the charmer!", "text": "Ranveer Singh has ensured to please his fans no matter where they land up.We are told, the actor dances to tunes of 'Band Baaja Baaraat' for his cheering crowd, which gathers outside his hotel in Purulia District, Bengal where he is shooting Lootera.Our source revealed, \"Despite the profound exhaustion that had set in given his vigorous schedule, he would still made it a point to entertain the huge crowd that would gather outside his hotel to see him on a daily basis.Ranveer even ends up on the set even before some of the unit members have arrived. His enthusiasm is extremely motivational for everyone.Says Vikas Bahl, \" A lot of time has been wasted earlier due to the weather conditions and other hassles. So in order to meet our deadlines and the release date, entire unit was requested to speed up things. Ranveer and Sonaskhi being extremely professional, always manage to reach the sets with hair and make up even before the unit was ready. This made the vibe on the sets very positive.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11984309", "title": "DSP murder: 4 cops shifted to Ludhiana", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With the Election Commission allowing transfer of four old Ludhiana hands in the police force back to the mega city of Punjab, the department is hopeful this would give a major boost to the ongoing investigation in the DSP Baljit Gill's case.The double murder, in which Gill and a local woman Monika Kapila, were found brutally murdered in a farmhouse on the outskirts of the city early this month, had shaken the police force badly since it claimed the life of one of their brightest cop. With no major breakthrough coming up during the investigation, reportedly, the Ludhiana police now want to rope in some of the old hands who have had long stints in Ludhiana and were posted out of the district in view of the model code of conduct coming into force.The cops, who would join back in Ludhiana, include a DSP, an inspector and two cops. The EC's permission was sought for their transfer since the model code was still in force till March 9. \"The Punjab police wanted their transfer back to Ludhiana for investigating the case, and we have given permission since elections are now over,\" said CEO Kusumjit Sidhu.However, senior police brass played down the impression that the request for transfers was sought in view of the desperation in the force to get a breakthrough. \"The police can't share many details of investigations, so it's not correct to say that we haven't had any breakthroughs. I am certain that they (Ludhiana police) are on the right track and we would be able to crack the case very shortly,\" said Hardeep Dhillon, ADGP (Crime).Stating that he was not aware of the circumstances under which these cops were being transferred back to Ludhiana, Dhillon said, \"Nonetheless, they would be an added asset.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11984310", "title": "HSC board exams: Multiple exam centres stress students", "text": "MUMBAI: The HSC board examination, which commenced on Tuesday, was not as stress-free as officials had promised. Several students in Kalyan found to their dismay that they have been assigned not one, but as many as four centres for six papers for the duration of the Standard XII board exam. So, in addition to dealing with exam-related stress , students had to spend additional time identifying each new centre.Secretary of the Mumbai division board R Bhise said that this was an anomaly and that his office would conduct an enquiry. \"I will send a field official tomorrow to those centres. If students are inconvenienced, we will definitely take measures to ensure that they have a smooth exam process,\" he said. As per the norm, a student is assigned only one centre for the duration of the exam.All the students that TOI contacted were from the Arts stream and sat for the English paper on Tuesday. They were angry that officials had no plausible reason why they were assigned more than one centre.A student from Birla College in Kalyan has to appear for her six papers in four different centres. \"We thought of complaining to the main centre, but were told that centre allocation is decided by the board. So nothing can be changed. We were all stressed out when we saw the list with multiple centres. The hall ticket has just one centre number,\" said the student. The student had her first paper in Oak High School, tomorrow she has to go to Abhinav Vidyamandir, on the third day to National Urdu High School and give the rest of her papers in KC Gandhi High School.Another student-also from Birla College in Kalyan-who did not wish to be named, said: \"When we visited our main centre in Kalyan two days before the exam, the list of seat numbers with the allocation of centres for different papers was put up. My first paper was at RSGK High School, the second paper is at Abhinav Vidyamandir and for the rest I have to go to K C Gandhi High School. Instead of revising and preparing for the finals, I had to go centre-hopping two days before the first paper.\"To add to her panic, when she visited the centre where she had to appear for her first paper, she found that the school was closed for two days. \"I had to reach the centre early on Tuesday just to ensure that my name was on the list,\" she added.Ishwar Pawar, the education officer from Kalyan region, claimed that because of the volume of students appearing for the English paper, the centres were not enough, and there were some last-minute changes \"However, the arrangement was meant only for the English paper,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "11984391", "title": "Elite school students urge to promote Punjabi", "text": "JALANDHAR: Hundreds of students of elite schools, where they face virtual ban on speaking in their mother tongue, Punjabi, raised slogans and carried placards to promote Punjabi here on the occasion of International Mother Language Day on Tuesday.Still the bigger development which seemed like reversing history was that around half-a-dozen colleges and schools controlled by Arya Samaj - which was in the forefront of campaign against Punjabi as their mother tongue during census of 1951, also participated in this procession, organized by the Punjab Jagriti Manch, telling people to feel proud about their mother tongue, Punjabi.The prominent English medium schools, which participated in the procession included Swami Sant Dass Public School, Cambridge International School, ApeeJay School which don't allow their students to converse in Punjabi in their schools.\"At schools we are told to speak in English or Hindi and we are discouraged from speaking in Punjabi,\" said a student of Cambridge school.Arya Samaj institutions, students of which were raising loud slogans for Punjabi and were carrying placards asking people to speak in Punjabi ,included HMV College, KMV College, Doaba College, DAV Institute of Engineering and Technology, BD Arya College, Mehar Chand Polytechnic.During the census of 1951 Arya Samaj had spearheaded campaign asking Hindus of Punjab to register their mother tongue as Hindi disowning Punjabi.The political atmosphere and factors at that time were different and different communities had their own insecurities and this divide on language issue created communal rift.Noted Punjabi singer Hans Raj Hans, who addressed a function at the end of the procession at Desh Bhagat Yaadgaar Hall, urged the teachers and managements of these schools not to admonish the students from speaking in Punjabi.His appeal received a thunderous applaud from thousands of students present there. Punjab Jagriti Manch general secretary Satnam Singh Manak, while reading out resolutions at the end of the function said there should be no restrictions on speaking in Punjabi in schools or colleges.Another popular Punjabi singer Manmohan Waris apart from presenting his song on Punjabi language also emphasized that language should remain above communal considerations. \"What we are seeing today is heartening as all sections of the society have participated,\" he said.The state which witnessed communal divide on language issue some 61 years ago found Trinity College , Swami Ramdev's Patanjali Yog Peeth, and Muslim colony residents also participated apart from several members of Valimiki community.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11983317", "title": "Single theatre owners in a dilemma in city", "text": "HYDERABAD: Single screen theatre owners in the city are in a dilemma - whether to run theatre with a pittance of profit or close them. For, more than 60 theatres have been closed in recent times, including popular ones like Natraj and Ajanta in Secunderabad and Deepak at Narayanguda. Anand on Sardar Patel Road too has stopped screening films.\"We don't want to close down but in order to survive we must remodel the theatres, provide better amenities and give audience the multiplex feel at least if not convert them into mulitiplexes,\" says a single theatre owner. But for this, a huge investment is required. \"We have to pump in a lot of money,\" the owner says. Good examples of this are Sangeet, Sudershan 70 mm, and Odeon. A multiplex not only means large number of audience but one will have the flexibility to charge more for a ticket. \"Those who do not have enough moolah need to provide multiplex like facilities to audience,\" he said.The remodeled Tivoli at Secunderabad has shown that giving a multiplex feel does work in favour of the theatre owners. This is the first part of the two-phase plan that the theatre owner has. \"Our experiment proved to be successful. We are planning to add one more to the existing two theatre so that we can charge more. As per multiplex rules, there should be at least three theatres,\" said Harminder Singh Lamba, proprietor of the theatres.Multiplexes can charge up to Rs 150 per ticket but a single screen theatre, even if it provides the best of amenities cannot charge more than Rs 60. \"Single screen owners want to remodel their theatres but cannot increase their admission rates. The state government's policy is discriminatory,\" said Bala Govind Raju, secretary of Twin Cities Cinema Exhibitors Association. Raju, a partner in the popular Devi theatre at RTC Crossroads pointed out that in Karnataka, Maharashtra and Tamil Nadu, there is an option for flexible pricing. If a theatre has better facilities, despite not being a multiplex, it can charge higher admission rate.\"It is for the filmgoer to decide whether he wants to pay higher price or not. Why should the state government be an impediment for providing better amenities and drawing audiences to the theatres?\" Raju asked. In Bangalore, for instance, the Devi Complex and Urvasi, which are single screen theatres are said to be doing extremely well as they can fix their own ticket price. If this were to happen, more than 80 per cent of the single screen theatres would remodel their theaters, aver cine industry sources.Lamba in Secunderabad, slated to reopen on February 24 as a remodeled 912-seat theatre, will have better seating facilities. The facility will provide food courts, a play area, shopping and several other amenities. However, the problem is that it cannot charge more admission rates than what is permitted for a single-screen theatre, despite being as good as a multiplex.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11983977", "title": "Rape cases against women on the rise in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: The city police are increasingly charging women with rape in cases where they are suspected of either being an accomplice or abettor to the actual act. A common instance is one in which a woman faces rape charges because she trafficked a minor victim for prostitution purposes.Data accessed through a Right to Information (RTI) query reveals that women were charged with rape in Mumbai in five cases in 2009. The number grew to 10 cases in 2010 and 12 in 2011. The data was obtained from 85 of the city's 93 police stations.\"Women were not the principal accused in cases where they were charged with rape. They were accomplices,\" said joint commissioner of police Himanshu Roy. \"In trafficking cases, people who are accessories to the crime are charged with rape. For instance, women who push minors into the flesh trade can be booked for rape. In such cases, the minor's consent is immaterial.\"While a man can be charged under only Section 376 of the Indian Penal Code for rape, a woman has to be charged under Section 376 and additional sections, like Section 108 (abetment) or 34 (common intention). Criminal lawyer M A Khan explained, \"Section 375 of the Indian Penal Code clearly states that rape is an offence committed by a 'man' against a woman's will and without her consent. So, ordinarily, a woman can't be charged with rape only under this provision. If she has to be booked, then additional charges, such as abetment, will also have to be applied.\"Besides trafficking, lawyers cited other instances in which women faced rape charges. \"There was one case in which the woman was unable to conceive. So she helped her husband to rape another girl,\" said criminal advocate Kshitij Mehta. \"There are also people suffering from psychological abnormalities, such as those who like to watch rape. They would be booked as abettors, too.\"Social worker and academician Farida Lambay said, \"While most cases pertain to trafficking, there are some hidden cases of child prostitution (in which the victim wasn't trafficked). Rape charges being applied against women are not unheard of. The larger picture is that there are still many more instances of women being raped. In some instances of marital discord, men use such clauses against women too.\"Vijay Raghavan, associate professor at the Centre for Criminology and Justice at the Tata Institute of Social Sciences, said increased impoverishment in rural areas is driving women to believe promises of jobs and a better life in the city. Like Lambay, he too acknowledged that most rape cases against women were those involving trafficking and being an accomplice or abettor. \"But I must state that trafficking has also changed over time, it is no longer concentrated around brothels. It has taken different forms, making it very difficult to carry out a genuine rescue operation,\" he added.RTI activist Chetan Kothari, who accessed the data, said the cases reflect a deeper societal problem, that of women abetting crimes against other women. \"Also, these cases are just the tip of the iceberg, because not many women register their grievances,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11984301", "title": "Rural police arrest seven for dacoity, temple theft", "text": "PUNE: The rural police arrested seven suspected dacoits on Tuesday which has helped them crack four cases of dacoities, three burglaries and a temple theft.The police have recovered gold ornaments worth Rs 1 lakh from Popat Kale (20) of Shirur, Sagar Ware (19), Bhau Kale (40), Kiran Ware (20), Santosh Kedar (20), all from Ambegaon in Pune district, Amol Bhutambare (21) and Vitthal Bhutambare (22), both of Sangamner taluka in Ahmednagar district.Addressing a news conference, superintendent of police Shahaji Solunke said that on February 18 the police received a tip-off that a gang was preparing for a dacoity in Shirur taluka. \"A police team led by inspector Ashok Kshirsagar laid a trap and nabbed seven people,\" Solunke said.The police found that the gang members had killed two elderly women on January 28 and January 29 in Junnar. On January 28, the gang had killed Jaywanta Bhalerao (80) of Nimgaon Sava and looted gold ornaments worth Rs 1.50 lakh. The next day, they killed Mukta Gawli (98) of Rajuri and took away her ornaments worth Rs 80,000. On February 12, they attacked 90-year-old Shevanta Pachpute at Bori in Junnar taluka and took away her gold ornaments.Inspector of the local crime branch of the Pune rural police Nitinkumar Gokave said the gang mostly targeted lonely elderly women. \"They would conduct a recce of houses on the pretext of selling honey. On spotting an elderly woman alone in a house, they would attack her at night,\" Gokave said.Police superintendent Solunke said that after the murder of Bhalerao on January 28, the police had checked almost all vehicles in the area, but to no avail. During sustained interrogation the suspects revealed that they never used the main roads. \"The suspects would travel on motorcycles on pathways going through jungles,\" Solunke said.The suspects also admitted that they had stolen gold ornaments from Bhairavnath temple in Manchar taluka and committed three burglaries in the area. \"We suspect that the gang may have been involved in more offences,\" Solunke said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11985730", "title": "CM: Schemes for girls should be national", "text": "PATNA: CM Nitish Kumar here on Tuesday called for making provision of school uniforms and bicycles to girl students a national scheme. These schemes in the state had not only increased the numbers of class IX girl students from 1.7 lakh in 2006 to 6.45 lakh by 2012 but also worked towards significant women empowerment.He was inaugurating a two-day regional conference on \"Achieving Convergence for Empowerment of Women\" being organized jointly by the National Mission for Empowerment of Women (NMEW), a wing of the Union ministry of women and child development, and State Society for Rehabilitation of Ultra Poor (SSRUP), a wing of the state department of social welfare.Kumar stated that he got the idea to implement a state scheme for distribution of bicycles while inaugurating a programme of Patna district administration to give bicycles to scheduled caste girls. Now, it could become a national scheme. Similarly, the provision of 50% reservation for women in three-tier panchayati raj system and urban local bodies introduced in Bihar could be applied on the national level to make women empowerment a reality, he said.The conference was attended, among others, by NMEW mission director Niranjan Sanyal, NMEW executive director Rashmi Singh, representatives of educational institutions, civil society and NGOs from five states - Madhya Pradesh , Uttar Pradesh, Uttarakhand , Jharkhand and Bihar - besides social welfare minister Parveen Amanullah.Kumar said the block model of Bihar Rural Livelihood Project - Jeevika - for forming a village organization by self-help groups of women would be extended to all blocks of the state. He appreciated the role of such organizations in making women economically empowered. They could form women entrepreneurs' group to run public distribution shops to make extra income and also take measures for their security.Vijayanti Devi of Ganga Jeevika, an organization of Bodh Gaya block, said that it was running a PDS shop, created a health fund, took care of all the needs of women members, financially helped the husbands of some women members to get MA degree and end ensured construction of quality road in the block by being vigilant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11986251", "title": "Sacred pond in Patia to be renovated", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC) will renovate the sacred Nilakantheswar pond at Patia here. It will spend Rs 34 lakh to revive the pond and beautify its ambience.The funds will be utilized under Additional Central Assistance ( ASA ) scheme of the Centre for renovation of water bodies that have a historical and religious significance here. \"The initial puja is over. Now the renovation will start,\" BMC mayor A N Jena said. \"The pond will be de-silted and a retention wall constructed around the pond. Plantation and illumination of the pond area will follow suit,\" Jena said.The pond, spread over nearly four acres, has dried up for lack of desiltation. \"It is good that the renovation process finally took off. It is a historic pond where a lot of religious activities take place,\" a local resident said. \"It was lying almost defunct since long. Owing to funds crunch, the villagers too expressed inability over its maintenance,\" he added.Patia corporaor (ward no.2) Sanjay Sethi said: \"Tender has already been floated for the work order. We hope the renovation work will be completed before the summer peaks.\" The Patia pond renovation project is part of the Rs 5 crore ACA funds to be used for the makeover of 18 defunct water bodies in the city. Mayor Jena said renovation of nearly 10 water bodies has been completed.Important tanks like Talabani pond in Pokhariput, Brahmeswar pond and Chilli pokhari in ward no. 54, Santha Tulasi Sarobar in ward no. 4, Badei tank in ward no. 5, among others were identified for renovation.Maintenance of the water bodies continues to be a cause of concern. Organizations, working on preservation of heritage in the state, urged people not to pollute historic ponds by discharging wastewater and dumping garbage in it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11988299", "title": "Controversial novel on Tagore makes it to the silver screen", "text": "Sunil Gangopadhyay's controversial novel Ranu O Bhanu based on Rabindranath Tagore's life will now be made into a film. Producer Manish Goswami of Siddhant Cinevision has already bought the rights of the novel. And if rumours are to be believed, Dr Chandra Prakash Dwivedi may hold the directorial reins.Though Manish Goswami did not respond to our calls, a source close to the filmmaker revealed, \"Ranu O Bhanu is one of the most controversial novels of recent times. Manish has bought the rights from its author Sunil Gangopadhyay. The story explores Tagore's romantic relationship with his sister-in-law. Finding it rather interesting, Manish decided to make a film based on it. He is currently working on the script.\"About the project, the source added, \"Manish wants to keep everything rather hush-hush at the moment. He wants to lock the cast first. He intends to cast Amitabh Bachchan in Tagore's role. He, then, will announce the film in a big way.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11984836", "title": "DFS helps UP cops zero in on prime suspects", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Directorate of Forensic Sciences (DFS), Gandhinagar has submitted its report last week in the matter, providing vital clues in the theft case of a 16th century handwritten copy of Tulsidas' Ram Charit Manas in Varanasi. The Uttar Pradesh (UP) police had earlier sought help from DFS to nab the thieves.The rare manuscript, dating back to 16th century, is considered to be written by Tulsidas himself in Awadhi language. According to DFS officials, the theft came to light on December 22 last year when a saffron cloth covering the sacred manuscript was found to contain ordinary papers at Goswami Tulsidas Temple, situated on the premises of Sankat Mochan temple. The thieves had broken into the sanctum sanctorum after breaking the side wall of the temple located on the Tulsi ghat. The thieves also stole a couple of other valuables, giving an impression of a break-in.However, from the beginning, the police investigators suspected an insider's hand due to various factors. \"No thief would care to wrap the papers again in the cloth and put it at its original place as if nothing has happened. Entry to the place is restricted and the lock on the temple door was not broken. Such factors raised suspicion that some insider, lured by the millions he could earn by selling the precious manuscript, must have stolen it,\" said a UP police investigator who came to DFS.Dr J M Vyas, director general of DFS, told TOI that the team had come early in January for conducting narco analysis on the suspects. \"We have submitted our report to the investigating team,\" he said, refusing to divulge the details.Sources at DFS told TOI that seven persons including three priests, two sevaks residing at the temple itself and two local residents were taken for narco analysis.The suspects were asked questions ranging from their interest in the temple to their whereabouts when the incident took place. \"Two of the suspects are more likely to be involved in the theft. Further investigation will be conducted by the UP police,\" said a DFS official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11984809", "title": "Most Presidency teachers opt to face interview", "text": "KOLKATA: Eighty-one of the 138 existing teachers have chosen the arduous route of facing the selection interview for the new Presidency University.They have all stated their choice in the option forms distributed by the state government. Those who haven't filled in the option forms will either have to do so on Wednesday or wait for a transfer to other state government colleges.Some of the teachers who didn't indicate their choice are in their fifties and do not want to take the trouble of facing the selection panel while some of them do not have the required number of publications or even a PhD degree that is a must for recruitment to the post of associate professor or professor. With the government yet to advertise adequate associate professors' posts, these veterans have to compete with young pass-outs for the post of assistant professors, a senior Presidency teacher said.Those who have only a few years of service left are also not inclined to apply when the pay band is more or less the same. \"For instance, a teacher is entitled to encash his earned leave that has piled up during his service tenure. The university job, on the other hand, will do away with the earned leave or the cash benefit that runs into a few lakhs. Second, government college teachers are usually the first to get the benefits of DA revision that may not be the case in an autonomous university,\" the teacher explained.A few are also not willing to compete because the competitors happen to be their students. \"It is quite uncomfortable to be judged on a par with my student at the interview. This fear has made some opt out,\" said a teacher. Some of them are also apprehensive of the selection procedure, going by the practice in Bengal's academic institutions for three decades.They may have their own logic, but the fact of the matter is that the majority of Presidency teachers are confident enough to take the challenge and come out successful, given their academic edge over others and work experience.\"Those who want to stay on have a knack for research apart from teaching. More funds will flow in a few years when the UGC, the state government and other sources decide to sanction the money. It will give teachers enough space and resources to do research work. Many also feel that teaching meritorious students is an achievement. There is no doubt that Presidency University is still the favourite when it comes to quality in several aspects,\" said a senior Presidency teacher.Presidency vice-chancellor Malabika Sarkar said a few teachers have not filled up the form yet. \"Some opted out because they are left with only a few months or a year in service.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11985434", "title": "Kingfisher services unaffected in Hubli", "text": "HUBLI: People flying Kingfisher Airlines have had a tough time due to sudden revision and cancellation of flight schedule. Many people were stranded at airports in different cities due to last minute cancellation of flights. However, people flying Kingfisher Airlines from Hubli just got lucky as compared to others as Kingfisher Airlines has not cancelled its services here and flights are on schedule at the Hubli airport.The service of flight bound for Bangalore from Hubli was cancelled well in advance due to operational reasons on February 22, but a flight to Mumbai from Hubli is on time on Wednesday.Kingfisher Airlines is operating two flights from Hubli airport daily -- Hubli to Bangalore and Hubli to Mumbai. Each flight with 70 seating capacity is being operated from here while air traffic is 70 to 80 per cent.Speaking to TOI, K M Basavaraj, director, Hubli airport said, \"As it was decided earlier, Kingfisher morning flight to Bangalore stands cancelled on Wednesday and passengers are informed well in advance. But, flight service to Mumbai will be operated as usual.\"Vivian Fernandes, manager, Kingfisher Airlines, Hubli said that Kingfisher air service from Belgaum to Mumbai was called off in November last year and there is no service from Belgaum now. There is good response to both flights operating from Hubli to Mumbai and Bangalore. There is always 90 per cent seat occupancy in the Mumbai flight while 70 to 80 per cent occupancy in Bangalore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11986099", "title": "Changing cityscape with paint and flowers", "text": "CHENNAI: Paint and data. It's an unusual combination but New York City transportation commissioner Janette Sadik-Khan says it's the beginning to transform a city into a people-friendly one.\"You can start by just painting lines to create bike lanes and pedestrian areas,\" says Sadik-Khan, who in her four years in charge has introduced 250 miles of cycle lanes and turned part of Times Square into a car-free zone. \"Since we closed Times Square to vehicles, businesses have reported a 71% increase in revenue because foot traffic is up 11%. That's why you need documentation and data - to prove that your changes have tangible results,\" she says.Sadik-Khan and New York City planning commission chair Amanda M Burden are in Chennai for two days, meeting state government officials to discuss ways to tackle the challenges a growing city like Chennai faces. They will travel to New Delhi to meet representatives from various states and make presentations on the changes they introduced in New York to improve public transport and land use to make the city more livable.It seems an unlikely comparison but Burden says New York and Chennai are similar. \"They're both vibrant, energetic cities that are growing,\" she says. New York City's population, currently 8.4 million (Chennai's is about nine million), is set to increase by one million by 2030.\"The problems we face are similar to Chennai's - tackling the twin challenges of growth and congestion,\" says Burden. She was responsible for 're-zoning' 150 neighbourhoods so that more development took place near metro rail stations, such as allowing buildings near stations to add more floors.Ten years ago, though, New York was in trouble, they say. \"People were making films titled 'Escape From New York', not the way we wanted to go,\" jokes Sadik-Khan. New York's plans have worked because different government agencies have been working in concert for the past 10 years. \"You can't do transportation planning without land-use planning too,\" says Burden.In Chennai, such coordination is still on paper. Corporation of Chennai has proposed a high-level coordination committee to speed up development projects. \"The committee will have 20 members. Now, we have one-on-one meetings for all matters,\" says corporation commissioner P W C Davidar.One of the projects worst hit by this lack of coordination is the Porur flyover. After delays in land acquisition, work came to a standstill for several months as Metrowater delayed shifting underground pipelines.Sadik-Khan says Chennai needs a comprehensive plan for the next 10 years that takes into account open spaces, buildings, transportation and environment. Burden's suggestion is to invest in tables, chairs and flowers. \"You don't see many of those on Chennai's streets,\" she says. \"The moment you make space for people to sit down, they do. New York was hungry for open spaces and I'm sure Chennai is too.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11986353", "title": "First trade fair draws flak for poor show", "text": "RANCHI: Although the first Jharkhand International Trade Fair (JITF) boasts of 375 stalls of big ticket companies like Tata Steel , Steel Authority of India Limited, Jindal Steel and Power Limited, Samsung, Panasonic, Oil and Natural Gas Corporation and Voltas , there's nothing international about it. There's not a single stall from an overseas company. Samsung and Panasonic have asked its local dealers to put up stalls. The other stalls are there because they have to be there, highlighting the company profile.\"Everyone, including the top management of companies, know there's no business here. But since we have a stake in the state, we could not stay away. It would have brought us a bad name. If we had the choice we would have definitely stayed away from this type of trade fair which is not even truly national,\" said an official of a company on condition of anonymity, adding, \"we could have saved at least Rs 15-20 lakh by staying away.\"Officials of the state industry department are also upset with the organizers, the India International Trade Event Organization for such a poor show and misleading people by calling it an international event.\"Most of the officers from various departments deputed at the fair are very unhappy with the facilities. There are no toilets, dustbins and visitors are littering the place,\" said an official of the industry department which has distanced itself from the event.Bamboo artiste from Bihar , Binod Kumar Mallik, was so upset that he said, \"I have visited many fairs in the past but this is the first such gathering where there is no toilet.\"Director of industry, Vandana Dadel, said the department is not directly involved in the activities. \"Everything was done by IITEO. We just supported them wherever they needed our support,\" said Dadel. Despite criticism from almost everyone, the director of IITEO, Amrita Roy, refused to concede that there was any shortcoming. \"We have one toilet and will construct more if required. We have deputed a large number of people to keep the place clean,\" said Roy.On the non-participation of foreign companies, a senior official of IITEO blamed the state government. \"We got clearance for the fair on January 24. How can we bring international companies at such a short notice?\" he asked. The fair will be on till February 26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11985979", "title": "Italian mummies preserved in mercury for 200 years found", "text": "LONDON: Archaeologists claim to have unearthed at least five Italian mummies preserved in mercury for almost 200 years.A team at the Institute for Mummies and the Iceman in Bolzano in Italy says the mummies were injected with arsenic and mercury - or dipped in chemical baths - to preserve them for medical demonstrations, the Daily Mail reported.Although mummification is associated with ancient Egypt, it was carried out through the centuries in many countries for the benefit of researchers and medical students.Italian anatomist Giovan Battista Rini (1795-1856 ) \"petrified\" the corpses and body parts by bathing them in a cocktail of mercury and other heavy metals, according to the archaeologists who analyzed the mummies.They claim that the collection is in \"an extremely good state of preservation\" . It consists of five heads with necks, two torsos and one heart. Two of the people who had their bodies frozen in time were outlaws while the others are thought to have been donated by local hospitals.In the 19th century arsenic , lime, silicon dioxide and sulphur were commonly used to preserve bodies. The exact method and substances used by Rini are unknown, but the team believes he used arsenic and mercury among other chemicals.Although the exact time of when mummification is not known, it was in the first half of the 19th century as Rini lived from 1795 to 1856. The surfaces of the mummified remains were particularly thick because of the chemicals used, the researchers wrote in Clinical Anatomy journal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11984243", "title": "'Monsoon mission to move into next phase soon'", "text": "PUNE: The Ministry of Earth Sciences will soon invite proposals from international organisations to be part of the ambitious Monsoon Mission project. The project aims to better understand the various processes that lead to the monsoon, as well as come up with better prediction models.\"We have the consent of 12 domestic organisations as part of the Phase I activity of the project, launched early this year, Shailesh Nayak, secretary to the ministry of earth sciences told reporters on Tuesday. \"Under Phase-II we will reach out to international organisations in the next couple of months,\" he added.The mission involves academic and scientific research organisations working on different forecast models for monsoon rainfall on different timescales. This will help in long-term planning, water resource management, disaster management, important governmental decisions and will help farmers decide their farming activity. Nayak, however, clarified that the entire project would take time to show results, considering the complex studies of various climate-related aspects and the time required for having a proper set up in place. \"Most important for us is to have high computing power and we are now trying to acquire the same. We have people who are being trained for the mission,\" he pointed out.\"Experiments will be carried out on a range of aspects relating to atmosphere, formation of clouds, the oceans and even the pollution,\" said Nayak. Asked about the recent prediction by a Japenese agency suggesting a deficient monsoon, Nayak said that people work on different models. \"Our models take data till March and we come up with our prediction in April,\" he said.\"The forecast by other countries will be taken into consideration at an upcoming WMO regional meet for the South Asia region, to be held in Pune in April,\" he said. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11984416", "title": "Tradition and modernity subtly synchronised in Pune", "text": "PUNE: Though part of this city has become a veritable concrete jungle, its heritage cannot be shrugged off. Pune's cultural heritage is in its past architecture mingled with history.The 8th century Pataleshwar caves of the Rashtrakuta period, the forts surrounding the city, the colonial bungalows, a legacy of the British Raj, Aga Khan palace, Shaniwarwada, Lal Mahal and Peshwai wadas are all snuggled safely in a city that is becoming a concrete jungle.Little wonder then that Pune pushed out Mumbai to occupy the second best rank in the Times Of India-IMRB Quality of Life survey, with an enviable rating of 3.4 in cultural heritage. Ahmedabad and Hyderabad boast of a similar score, with Delhi scoring 3.6 and reigning supreme.Urban conservationist Kiran Kalamdani feels that Pune is smaller in size when compared to most other cities and people here have the time to spend. He added that people places such as the Fergusson College Road or Main Street or Tulshibaug (which do not have a very distinctive or impressive architecture) have a familiarity and an unassuming scale that quickly accept the newcomer and put him at ease.\"This is something that does not happen to you in Mumbai, Kolkata or Delhi. The various home-based institutions that we see in Pune's lanes, wadas, even bungalows and now, apartments, are a part of the everyday culture that might range from bhajani mandals to discussion groups, reading clubs or even film clubs,\" he said.A complex interweaving of the landmarks, home based institutions, as well as those with great pedigrees like--the Bhandarkar Oriental Research Institute, Bharat Itihas Samshodhak Mandal, the Pune Nagar Vachan Mandir or even the Shasakiya Granthalay at Vishrambagwada--are cornerstones around which Pune's public realm revolves to make it a place where one never gets bored and offers something to do or listen to, said Kalamdani.Supriya Goturkar Mahabaleshwarkar, co-ordinator, Indian National Trust For Art and Cultural Heritage (INTACH), Pune, said, \"The city is rightly called the Oxford of the East, with umpteen intellectual institutions established here during the British era and post independence, even while new ones keep adding every year.\"Punekars have a penchant for intellectual debate, supported by numerous heritage libraries specializing in various subjects, lecture series like Vasant vyakhanmala (spring lectures), open forums and kattas on different themes, where people gather for the pure joy of sharing knowledge,\" she said.Mahabaleshwarkar said that old theatres like Balgandharva rangamandir and Bharatnatya Mandir have stimulated theatre, mainstream and parallel, with a strong youth representation even today through inter-collegiate competitions like Purushottam and Firodia Karandak.\"Various cultures have blended perfectly here-be it the cosmopolitan culture in Camp or the traditional Maharashtrian culture in its Peths. They have prospered here and kept their identity alive while blending with the rest.Also, an inimitable aspect of Pune is the abundance of its cultural spaces for showcasing and appreciating talent in music, ranging from music festivals such as Sawai Gandharva, to the recent ones like Baajaa Gaajaa,\" she said. Also, among the upcoming malls with fancy buys from all over the world, Pune's very own craftsmen, the tambats (coppersmiths) and the buruds (bamboo craftsmen), have managed to keep their craft alive. Pune is probably one the few places with live age-old traditions of Ganeshotsav celebrations, Alandi-Pandharpur wari, and many more cultural festivities that retain their intrinsic values and messages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11988474", "title": "A rocking night!", "text": "The partygoers of Chennai are one 'spirited' lot.They are ready to hit the hotspots be it weekend or weekday. Their willingness to party never dies down. At this particular downtown club, we spotted a whole host of youngsters eager to let their hair down and enjoy. And that they did, with the DJ spinng all the latest and popular club anthems. The ladies, who were dressed in their evening best, ensured that they set the dancefloor on fire, with both their dropdead-gorgeous looks and their killer moves. And the boys in the city took the cue and joined in to ensure that they made this evening memorable to say the least.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11984590", "title": "Power loom wants same status as handloom", "text": "VARANASI: Claiming that they make a sizable contribution to the economy of Varanasi, the power loom sector is demanding package similar to the Central government's package of Rs 6,234 crore for the handloom sector. Those associated with the sector say there is need for assistance and recognition for a sector that has grown by leaps and bounds and is helping provide employment to many, including a number of former handloom weavers.\"Why are power loom weavers treated like untouchables?\" questioned GK Kedia, convener of Yarn Development Committee, Banarasi Vastra Udyog, in his letter to the Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi. Putting some facts in his letter, Kediya said today 75% production of textile in Varanasi was coming from power looms. Where the industry would stand without power looms, he wondered. He said it was a cottage industry and belonged to priority sector like handloom.According to Kediya, there are about 75,000 power looms in Varanasi. If a minimum of 22 metre cloth is woven in one day on one power loom, the per day production comes to over 15 lakh metre. Could handloom manage such a huge production, he questioned.There is no official data about the number of power looms in the district. But, even the government officials admit that the power loom sector is spreading rapidly. \"In 1996-97, there were 2,000 power looms in the district. Today this sector is spreading rapidly,\" said KP Verma, assistant director (handloom).\"Since no fresh census of power looms has been conducted, it is difficult to point out the exact number of power loom units,\" said Verma, adding as per rough estimates, there would be about 25,000 such units in the district.But, Rajni Kant, president of Human Welfare Association (HWA), who had been working for the promotion of handloom and was instrumental in getting the Geographical Indication (GI) for Banarasi sari and brocade, claimed there were 75,000 to one lakh power looms in the district.However, according to weaver's census (2009-10), there are 82,773 adult handloom weavers in Varanasi district. According to Verma, there are 37,331 households operating handlooms in Varanasi district.Whatever be the number of weavers in handloom and power loom sectors, the point is that the power loom sector feels that it is being ignored. \"It is the handloom weaver who shifted to power loom during the dull period of handlooms. The weavers did not come from outside Varanasi, but the power loom provided jobs to them in their times of need,\" said Kediya.According to him, with the advent of designer saris, print industry of Mumbai started printing and embroidery on saris of Varanasi. Parallel printing industry developed in Kolkata and also Ahmadabad and Jaipur which print and embroider saris manufactured on power loom in Varanasi. The handloom saris cannot cater to the demand of printing and embroidery as they are costly can't cope with the required production and are not suitable for printing and embroidery. The export of textiles is also done after value-addition on power loom fabrics.\"Silk saris woven on handloom are the identity of Varanasi and it must be preserved. Actually, handloom and power loom Industry caters to altogether different classes of consumers and are not competitive. But, they are complementary if we look from overall textile industry structure of Varanasi. They must co-exist and flourish together,\" said Kediya. He hoped for a financial package for power looms similar to the handloom sector as power loom was the need of the time and it deserved all the encouragement and similar financial package as announced for handloom.It might be mentioned here that the Union minister for commerce and industry and textiles Anand Sharma had announced the package for handloom weavers on November 19 in Varanasi. The package included a loan waiver of Rs 3,884 crore and loan and other facility of Rs 2,350 crore. The loan waver would benefit three lakh individual weavers and 15,000 cooperative societies across the country.A total of 13 lakh weavers of the country including two lakh weavers of UP would be benefited with this package. Besides, another package of Rs 2,350 crore includes weaver's credit card, 3% interest subsidy, margin money assistance (Rs 4,200-5400), credit guarantee, 10% subsidy on yarn at the Mill Gate price rate through National Handloom Development Corporation (NHDC), and transportation subsidy (2.5%-10%). During his poll campaign Rahul Gandhi tried his best to to impress handloom weavers.He also attended a 'Bunkar Karza Mafi Shukriya Rally' at Mau. Before beginning his poll campaign and announcement of the package he had also gone to a weaver's house in Mubarakpur area of Azamgarh district.The handloom versus power loom is a matter of serious debate. While the handloom sector seeks protection trough proper implementation of Handlooms (Reservation of Articles for Production) Act, 1985, the power loom sector wants equal treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11984996", "title": "Vandals on the loose, set ablaze 3 bikes", "text": "CHANDIGARH: They are back again to give sleepless nights to residents. After a little respite vandals were at it again in Sector 32 when they set on fire three motorcycles parked near house number 3408 on Monday late night.People in the vicinity were rudely woken up by the sounds of bursting tyres of the bikes that were set ablaze. The motorcycles belonged to three friends. A resident in the area, Sushil Kumar, said, \"A similar incident took place some time ago when vandals escaped after smashing windowpanes of two cars.\"On December 12, 2011, a dozen bikers damaged 15 vehicles parked in a row outside houses in Sector 45, and cops had said that the motorcyclists were from the nearby Burail village. But the accused were never traced.In charge of Burail police post Davinder Singh said, \"The vehicles were damaged due to a rivalry between two groups of youngsters. Nobody had named the vandals.\" In another such incident in January, windowpanes of a car and an SUV were smashed in Sector 30. Despite a formal complaint lodged at industrial area police station, nothing was done.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11988505", "title": "Samsung unveils Android 2.3-powered Galaxy Ace 2 and mini 2", "text": "Korean giant Samsung Electronics has refreshed its popular Galaxy series lineup with the addition of two mid-range Android phones, Galaxy Ace 2 and Galaxy mini 2. The duo are successors to the company's earlier-launched Galaxy Ace and Galaxy mini smartphones.Running on Android 2.3 Gingerbread operating system, the phones are expected to be launched globally sometime after March this year.Featuring a 3.8-inch touchscreen PLS TFT display with support for WVGA (480x800) resolution, Galaxy Ace 2 sports a VGA camera in the front for video calls and a 5 megapixel camera with flash and autofocus capabilities at the back. The camera in the back is capable of recording 720p HD videos. Measuring 118 x 62 x 10.5mm, the phone weighs 122 gram.Powered by 800MHz dual core processor, Galaxy Ace 2 packs 4GB of internal storage which can be expanded up to 32GB via microSD card slot. In addition to the media player, the Galaxy Ace 2 has an FM radio and a 3.5mm audio socket.Samsung Galaxy mini 2 comes with a 3.27-inch HVGA 320 x 480p TFT touchscreen display and has a 3 megapixel camera with fixed focus.Running on single-core 800MHz processor, mini 2 packs 1,300mAh battery and 4GB of storage. Both the phones will feature Samsung's suite of apps like Samsung Kies air, Social Hub, Music Hub and ChatON.For connectivity, the phones offer support to Bluetooth v3.0, USB 2.0, Wi-Fi b/g/n and Wi-Fi Direct.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11985733", "title": "Eastern ring road to get a facelift in Indore", "text": "INDORE: The Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) will start the beautification of eastern ring road from the first week of March. The work will be carried out on public private partnership and will cost Rs 1.5 crore.The mayor Krishnamurari Moghe, municipal commissioner, Yogendra Sharma, SSP A Sai Manohar and DSP traffic Pradeep Singh Chouhan along with senior civic officials inspected the road from Gulabbagh Colony to AB Road.Moghe said under the beautification plan, the IMC will develop a cycle track, a service road and green belts on the road. No trucks will be allowed to station at the green belt. In addition to these, saplings will also be planted on the road dividers and a central lighting system will be installed.Formerly, only a portion of road from AB Road to Radisson Square was included in the beautification plan. Now it has been extended to Gulabbagh Colony. This has escalated the cost of the project from Rs 1 crore to Rs 1.5 crore. The work is expected to get over in the next few months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11986101", "title": "Women voters way ahead of their male counterparts in Allahabad", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Fairer sex in Allahabad district were a step ahead of their male counterparts. This was aptly proved by the analysis of polls revealing the fact that 56.25 % women voters had cast their franchise in compared to men (54.18 %).Here, women voters in eight out of 12 assembly seats including Phaphamau, Soraon, Phulpur, Pratappur, Handia, Meja, Karchana and Koraon had enuthisitically participated in voting. Experts claim that women voters in three urban sector assembly seats including city north, city south city west and Bara in rural belt had less participated where male voters were actively participated.As compared, voting percentage by women in eight assembly seats was recorded Phaphamau (60.04%), Soraon (61.08%), Phulpur (62.02%), Pratappur (62.67%), Handia (63.24%), Meja (59.94%), Karchana (58.68%), and Koraon (62.48%). Similarly, voting percentage by male voters was recorded including Phaphamau (56.05%), Soraon (57.13%), Phulpur (59.30%), Pratappur (53.19%), Handia (51.77%), Meja ( 53.17%), Karchana ( 58.58%), and Koraon (60.57%).In urban sector, male voters were a step ahead of their women counterparts in voting percengate by male voters was recorded Allahabad West ( 53.81%), Allahabad North (42.41%) and Allahabad South (47.61%). Here, voting percentage by women voters was recorded low including ( Allahabad west 49.54%), Allahabad North ( 39.03 %) and Allahabad south ( 41.89%).In Bara assembly seat, male voters ( 59.78%) had too actively participated in voting in compared to women voters (57.99%). District Election Officer, Alok Kumar too admitted that women voters had actively participated in the region during polls. The district had a strength of 37.70 lakhs voters including 16.76 lakh women voters and they had eagerly participated in voting.Since there were a good strength of women voters in the region, all political parties had made their attempts to woo them. This year, a total of 17 women candidates had contested assembly elections on the tickets of major political parties.Experts said that all the 12 assembly seats of Allahabad comprising Phaphamau, Phulpur, Soraon, Pratappur, Handia, Meja, Karchana, Allahabad West, Allahabad south, Allahabad North, Bara and Koraon assembly constituencies, eight of them had similar strength of voters (over 1.3 lakhs in each seat) as compared to their male counterparts. If the records of the district election office are to be believed, Allahabad North Assembly segment has the highest number of women voters while the lowest number is in Meja.Mona Singh, a B.Tech student says, \"women are quite aware about their voting rights and this was the prime reason that they had actively participated\". She added that political parties should offer more representation to women as they can do more well in the field of politics.Similar views were expressed by another student, Manyata, who said that there should be equal distribution of tickets and women leaders of all political parties should raise this issue before their leaders. Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11985691", "title": "519 appear for CMAT from Vidarbha in 2 days", "text": "NAGPUR: The first Common Management Admission Test (CMAT) introduced by AICTE for admission to management courses commenced from Monday across 61 centres in India. A total of 519 students appeared for the examination in the first two days at Tulsiram Gaikwad-Patil College of Engineering and Technology, Nagpur, the only centre in Vidarbha.A total of 3,000 candidates from the region have registered for the exam to be conducted online. AICTE has allotted five centres for the exam in Maharashtra - Mumbai, Pune, Kolhapur, Ahmednagar and Nagpur .However, city aspirants had to face a technical problem on the first day as the questions solved in the last 50 minutes were not saved. \"There was some sort of connectivity problem because of which we had to solve the last part of the paper again and were given extra time of an hour. Apart from them, the arrangements at the centre were satisfactory,\" said Neha Supner, who appeared for the test. Commenting on the level of the paper, she said that the reasoning and general knowledge section was quite easy.Prashant Kshirsagar, assistant superintendent of the exam centre, informed that around 267 management aspirants appeared on the first day whereas 252 candidates appeared on the second day. CMAT would be conducted online during nine days from February 20 to 28 in two shifts. Kshirsagar further informed that a special team of AICTE, comprising VNIT lecturers, was also present at the centre during the exam to take care of technical problems.The CMAT score awarded would be used for admission in the post graduate management courses in over 4,000 colleges across country. This test is optional for management colleges this year, but from next year it would be mandatory for all of them to admit students on CMAT score. Over four lakh seats in AICTE approved institutions and university departments would be up for grabs through CMAT. IIMs and various deemed universities in the country have been exempted from this national entrance test and conduction of only CAT is allowed.Also, from next year the aspirants will be able to appear for the CMAT twice a year. The exam would be conducted with a gap of six months and the candidates will have a liberty to take both attempts and their higher score in either of them would be taken into the consideration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11985649", "title": "Mayor offers 'Ganga Pooja'", "text": "MANGALORE: Recent development in the assembly - that of porngate -- cast its shadow on the tradition of offering bagina to Nethravathi river at Mangalore City Corporation's vented dam at Thumbay near here on Tuesday. Mayor Praveen and his deputy Geetha Nayak, along with other corporators and officials, performed 'Ganga Pooja', a task usually performed by Dakshina Kannada district minister. The pooja is offered to seek blessings for copious water storage at the dam.With chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda having officially said he would be in charge of the district following Krishna Palemar quitting the cabinet in the wake of porngate, the task of offering pooja fell on Praveen, given the CM's preoccupation with preparing the state budget. Mayors in the past have assisted the respective district ministers in this task and have played second fiddle in the annual ritual with attention riveted on the ministers.Geetha Nayak attached a philosophical chord to the rituals by stating that this tradition is in line with the tendency of Indians to see the almighty in all forms, and worship the elements seeking prosperity for all.Underscoring the need to conserve water -- given the fact that underground water table dips with each passing year -- she advocated the need to make water conservation mandatory and start lessons on water conservation for schoolchildren.Leader of the opposition Lancelot Pinto, recalling the water scarcity that gripped the city in the early part of the last decade, said the situation has improved since then. \"The city can tide over the worst summer with least disruption in water supply to all 60 wards as well as Ullal TMC and Mulki TP, if officials of water supply department and those manning the pump house at Thumbay are alert in discharging their duties and plug leakages,\" he said.The Mayor said MCC is committed to providing water to Ullal and Mulki in addition to the residents coming under corporation limits and the water stored at the dam should last till the onset of monsoon. Commissioner Harish Kumar said the civic body is aiming to meet the expectations of the people with regard to health, water supply and education. They would strive to ensure that dam water is equitably distributed to all stakeholders through the summer, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11986347", "title": "Trivedi in town, promises to reroute long distance trains", "text": "COIMBATORE: Union railway minister Dinesh Trivedi on Tuesday indicated that the ensuing railway budget would contain provisions to reroute 13 long distance trains that presently skip Coimbatore Junction, taking the Irigur-Podanur route.Talking to media persons here before boarding a train to Kanjikode near Palakkad to lay the foundation stone for a new coach factory there, Trivedi said a favourable decision in this regard would come soon.A team under union minister of state for Railways K H Muniappa is working on the issue and it would be solved soon as per the wishes of Coimbatore residents, Trivedi said. The Union minister also assured that the Coimbatore junction would get improved facilities. \"All over India, railway stations are getting spruced up with modern facilities and Coimbatore region also will get its due,\" he said.Talking about the problems plaguing railways, Trivedi said the delay in implementation of projects must be curbed. \"Even in the case of Kanjikode coach factory, there was a delay of four years even before the laying of the foundation stone. I will focus more on minimizing the delay in implementation,'' he said. Pointing out that over 15,000 people get killed every year in various accidents involving trains, Trivedi said his priority now is to ensure maximum safety in trains and stations. An expert committee recommendation would be implemented very soon, he said.The Coimbatore Railway Struggle Committee met the minister at the station and submitted a memorandum highlighting various railway needs of the city including the rerouting of trains. The committee also wanted development of Peelamedu, North Coimbatore, Irugur, Singanallur and Podanur stations. Other requests included additional compartments in various passenger trains and adequate funds for the gauge conversion between Podanur and Dindigul. Night trains to Bangalore, Chennai, Thiruvananthapuram, Rameswaram and Nagercoil were sought by the committee. The tri-weekly Tirupathi Express should operate daily.Southern Railway Employees Union also submitted a memorandum to the minister demanding extension of Coimbatore-Erode train to Salem.The union also demanded more coaches in the Palakkad-Trichy train that passes through Coimbatore. V Easwaran, secretary of the district unit of MDMK, also met the minister and requested his cooperation for early completion of the gauge conversion in Podanur-Dindigul route. Insufficient funds in the last three railway budgets had slowed down the gauge conversion and so the people of Pollachi region are denied of train facilities, he pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11984887", "title": "Youth welfare big on Gomes' manifesto", "text": "MARGAO: Hitting out his rivals in Benaulim for indulging in 'Goonda Raj', independent candidate Hubert Gomes has promised to clean up Benaulim's image while releasing what he claims to be a well researched 'People's manifesto for a new beginning'.While addressing mediapersons on Tuesday, Gomes said that he would transform Benaulim into a place where business and hoteliers face no threats, where the long forgotten agriculture-related demands would be met and implementation and spreading awareness of government schemes.Stating that he condemned the distribution of liquor to the youth by his rivals , Gomes said that he proposed to have mobile counselling and career guidance cells and that he had already set up a community sports and recreational centre in Benaulim and encouraged youth to take care of their mind and body.Amongst the other highlights of his manifesto were promises to see that there was 365 days of tourism in Benaulim, better law and order, environment protection and housing and garbage , sewerage and srap-yard management.Assembly elections news 2012Goa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "jhansi/banda/chitrakoot", "code": "11986303", "title": "Bundelkhand in dilemma over split proposal", "text": "JHANSI/BANDA/CHITRAKOOT: \"Bundelkhand nahin, vikas chahiye\". The slogan scribbled on a pillar near Dhasan river on UP-Madhya Pradesh border in Jhansi conveys the aspiration of people of this region where development is yet to be seen.On November 15 last, chief minister Mayawati gave the proposal to split UP into four parts (Bundelkhand, Paschim Pradesh, Avadh Pradesh and Purvanchal) on the pretext that smaller states can be managed better as compared to bigger ones. The CM had said that UP was backward mainly because of its huge size. The resolution to divide the state was passed within 20 minutes in the state assembly.The people of this region are not sure what would be better for them - separation or better management, while still remaining with the parent state. For some, the most important thing is development, instead of division.Some, however, say a separate state will address their woes and ensure that fruits of development reach the grassroots. The awareness on the issue is largely absent in the villages where around 70% of the region's population lives. Villagers, in fact, are confused how a separate state would benefit them. \"UP or Bundelkhand, how does it matter to us? I doubt that our conditions would remain largely the same,\" said Pankaj Tomar, a resident of Chaurasi village in Jalaun. For Kamta Prasad, a resident of Ramnagar village, development may be confined to the urban parts only. \"Villages will remain deprived of the development,\" he said.Similar views were aired in districts like Chitrakoot. Residents said the city could have been developed as a tourist destination. \"But that never happened. What is the guarantee that it will happen when the city becomes part of a new state,\" said Abhilash Kashyap, who has been working on the various social issues in the region for the past many years. \"Our conditions have remained at the lowest level for past many years. I don't know if things will change drastically,\" said Ram Niwaj of Deokali village in Chitrakoot.Jhansi is the most developed among seven districts of Bundelkhand that come under UP. But people here too are sceptical about the changes that will come if the district becomes part of a separate state. \"It is the question of management of resources and their monitoring. In the absence of two, the region will continue to have a similar fate even if becomes a separate state,\" said Vinod Kumar, a Jhansi-based social activist. \"There are voices that demand a separate Bundelkhand state. These people certainly have some vested interests,\" he said.A study conducted by Lucknow's Giri Institute of Development Studies shows the region registered growth during the early nineties. According to institute director Ajit Kumar Singh, poverty incidence was very high in Bundelkhand in 1993-94, when 68.9% of rural population and 74.4% of urban population was below poverty line. Poverty levels were significantly above the state average in this region. However, the region experienced a drastic decline in poverty levels between 1993-94 and 2004-05. Thus poverty ratio came down to 39.8% in 2004-05 in the region from 68.9% in 1993-94. The rate of decline in poverty was also much sharper in this region as compared to other regions of the state.The region has good scope for developing cement, stone crushing and finishing and construction material related industries for which required raw material is available. Industries based on construction material like tiles, ready-made building material, etc. should be promoted, the study shows. The region is believed to have other rich minerals also like dolomite, gold, gems, etc. Exploration of mineral wealth of the region should be taken up in a systematic manner, feel experts.On the tourism front also, the study shows the region could have been developed. Jhansi has played a significant role in the freedom struggle and Rani Laxmi Bai is synonymous with the First War of Independence. The region is in close vicinity of Agra on one hand and Khajuraho on the other. Thus, the area can be developed as a tourist destination by offering suitable tourist packages to cover the historical sites in and around Jhansi. The region also attracts devotees to Chitrakoot which has a very high religious significance for Hindus.Construction of an expressway linking Agra, Jhansi and Khajuraho can give a big boost to tourism and the regional economy, the study said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "ramgarh", "code": "11985883", "title": "Priests to beef up temple security", "text": "RAMGARH: Priests of Rajrappa temple of goddess Chhinnamastika have come up with a security plan at night.Following the burglary on temple premises about two years ago, the administration deployed a few homeguard jawans with lathis which had made the temple authorities unhappy.Ashim Panda, joint secretary, Rajrappa Temple Nyas Samiti said on Tuesday, \"A team has been constituted comprising priests, barbers and local people, who will guard the temple at night to prevent any theft as we do not want the history to be repeated.\" The government did not provide adequate security in the temple despite assurances for more. Panda said the samiti was not only cooperating with the homeguard jawans deployed in the temple for security at night but also ensured that no such incident was repeated. \"Samiti members have taken the initiatives, which will continue till deployment of armed forces by the government.\"Some local residents said since the temple was located in Maoist-hit areas of Ramgarh and Bokaro, deployment of armed forces would be safe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11983919", "title": "Adarsh probe: Maharashtra govt seeks interim report", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra government has filed an application before the Adarsh commission seeking an interim report on the scam inquiry. The commission of Justice (retired) J A Patil and member P Subrahmanyam will hear the application on February 24.The state, represented by senior advocate A Y Sakhare along with advocates R Vasudev and Uday Nighot, sought the report on two of the 13 issues before the commission--who owned the land that was allotted to Adarsh and whether the plot was reserved for housing Kargil war widows.The application says that it may take time for a final report on the 13 issues the commission is probing. The state has pointed out that the notification appointing the commission has a provision for an interim report.The commission will decide on February 24 when to call former chief ministers Vilasrao Deshmukh , Sushilkumar Shinde , Ashok Chavan and other high-profile politicians named in the scam.The commission's other terms of reference include, whether reduction of width of the Capt Prakash Pethe road and change of reservation to residential was in accordance with law, was the deletion of reservation of plot reserved for BEST and conversion to residential in accordance with law, did the state violate MRTP provisions to allow Adarsh to build a 31-storey tower, who approved non-eligible persons to become society members, did Adarsh obtain CRZ and MoEF clearance and the persons who were involved in the scrutiny of applications. --Shibu Thomas", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11983718", "title": "Mayor tells health wing to clean up garbage bins", "text": "HYDERABAD: Mayor Majid Hussain has directed the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) health and sanitation wing to clear the garbage piled up in bins for the past two days.The mayor visited Kavadiguda, Domalguda, Khairatabad, Malakpet and Imlibun areas, including garbage pick-up points, on Monday night between 10 pm and 1 am. He noticed that several garbage bins were not cleared due to the ongoing protest by sanitation workers against GHMC's pact with Ramky.Addressing a press conference on Tuesday, Majid Hussain said he made surprise visits in the city after he got several complaints from people that bins were overflowing with garbage even near temples though Monday was Mahasivaratri.\"Only 60% of the bins were cleared. The health wing had engaged another 125 vehicles to lift the garbage from the bins by Wednesday morning. I have asked the health wing to prepare a contingency plan to face any such emergency situation,\" the mayor added.Expressing unhappiness over poor sanitation works, especially lifting of garbage from bins, he said more vehicles and machinery have to be either hired or purchased to meet the requirements. \"For the past few years, not a single new vehicle has been added to the fleet of the corporation and permission was not given to hire new vehicles as the GHMC entered into an agreement with Ramky on collection, transportation and disposal of solid waste in the city,\" Majid Hussain said.\"The corporation has to find a solution to this problem as the general public is facing problems with the stink from the bins,\" he added.The mayor said workers at the transfer stations were working under pathetic conditions as there were no basic amenities like toilets. \"Sanitation workers are the backbone of the corporation and their welfare should be taken care of,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11984333", "title": "Outgoing BMC House clears Rs 112 crore business in a day", "text": "MUMBAI: With just a few days to go for the new batch of corporators to enter the BMC House, incumbent corporators and committee members seem to be in a great hurry to clear pending proposals. The standing committee, on Saturday, passed 12 proposals worth Rs 112 crore.Three more standing committee meetings are scheduled before March 9 when the new general body will be sworn in. Until the new bunch of corporators gets into action, the current members will continue to occupy seats on various committees.Standing committee chairman Rahul Shewale stated that proposals that had been pending due to the code of conduct coming into force ahead of the civic body elections would now be cleared.On Saturday, the committee cleared 12 proposals including for purchase of medicines and equipments for hospitals and clinics, repairs to storm water drains and water pipelines and election expenses. \"We had cleared all the major proposals before the code of conduct set in. The few that are remaining will be cleared in the coming days. Most of them are regarding tenders that have been cleared. The major ones concern roads and garbage,\" said Shewale.Meanwhile, other meetings will continue before the new corporators are sworn in. While the law committee meeting took place on Tuesday, the improvements committee will meet in the coming days.Meanwhile, the civic body has initiated steps to get the list of new corporators published in the gazette. Once the list is published (likely by February-end), the corporators will be deemed to be elected representatives. After that, the registration of the general body will take place at the divisional Konkan commissioner's office. Once the group is registered, the list will be submitted to the municipal secretary.\"After that, the nominations for the mayor will be submitted and the election will take place on March 9. The following day, dates will be announced for the formation of various statutory committees,\" said Shewale.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11986096", "title": "Tension in Bahadurganj after miscreants damage under-construction wall of mosque", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Panic gripped Bahadurganj and adjoining areas under Kotwali police station on Tuesday following Monday night incident where a group of miscreants had allegedly damaged the boundary wall of an under-construction mosque. In fact, timely arrival of police and administrative officials solved the crisis and a heavy police consignment was deployed to maintain the law and order.A group of shopkeepers pulled down the shutters at Bahadurganj area on Tuesday. Reports said that the boundary wall of an underconstruction mosque was damaged by a group of miscreants on late Monday evening.When people of a particular community came to know about the incident, they reached the spot and created noisy scenes.In the meantime, members of another community also reached the spot which later led to tension in the area. However, elderly people from both the community came on front and advised the locals to sort out the matter by mutual understanding. Upon receiving information, police officials and administrative officials too rushed the spot and pacified the agitating locals.The police have reportedly detained one person allegedly involved in the incident. DSP, Kydganj, Asit Srivastava told TOI that things are normal and police forces have been deployed to defuse the tension.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11988203", "title": "UP gears up for fifth phase of polls", "text": "LUCKNOW: Polling for the fifth phase of UP Assembly election covering 49 seats spread over 13 districts would be held tomorrow that would decide the fate of several stalwarts, including firebrand BJP leader Uma Bharati.More than 1.56 crore voters would seal the fate of 829 candidates in Firozabad, Kanshiram Nagar, Etah, Mainpuri, Etawah, Auraiya, Ramabainagar, Kanpur, Jalaun, Jhansi, Lalitpur, Hamirpur and Mahoba districts.The fifth phase would cover assembly seats in backward Bundelkhand region, bastions of SP and former chief minister Kalyan Singh.Polling would be held at 16781 booths at 11745 polling stations where 18459 electronic voting machines would be used.In this phase, Leader of Opposition in the state assembly Shivpal Singh is seeking re-election from Jaswantnagar seat in Etawah district in this phase.Fate of firebrand leader Uma Bharati, who is making her debut in UP electoral politics, would be put to test from Charkhari seat in Mahoba district.Charisma and political strength of former BJP stalwart and UP chief minister Kalyan Singh would also be tested in this phase when elections would be held in his stronghold of Etah.While former minister and state president of BJP's women wing Premlata Katiyar is in the fray from Kalyanpur seat in Kanpur, a minister in BSP government Jaiveer Singh is contesting from Karhal seat.Among kin of political leaders, daughter of BSP state president and cabinet minister Swami Prasad Maurya, Sanghmitra Gautam is contesting from Aliganj seat in Etah district.Similarly, Shikha Mishra, wife of former health minister Anant Kumar Mishra alias Antu Mishra, who resigned following the NRHM scam, is in the fray from Maharajpur seat in Kanpur district.A relative of SP supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav, Urmila Yadav would be contesting from Karhal seat in Mainpuri as a Congress nominee, after being denied ticket by the party.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11984141", "title": "Handicrafts fair hit among international brands", "text": "The Indian Handicrafts and Gifts Fair concluded on Tuesday witnessing over 4,000 buyers in the four-day exposition. Representatives of global brands like Walmart and Carrefour visited the fair, which generated business inquiries worth Rs 855 crore, the Export Promotion Council for Handicrafts said.About 2,300 exhibitors participated in the fair and inquiries generated were mostly related to decorative, Christmas gifts , woodware, paper and fragrance items. Besides the US and Europe, a large number of overseas buyers came from countries like Japan, Australia and South Africa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11985506", "title": "Governor stresses on good governance, industrial growth", "text": "BHOPAL: Asserting that good governance is his government's top agenda, Madhya Pradesh Governor Ram Naresh Yadav on Tuesday laid out the policy perspectives of the Shivraj Singh Chouhan government for the current year, announcing to extend facilities to industries to be set up in all districts and emphasising on various development initiatives and welfare measures it proposed to take for state's overall progress.In his customary address to the Legislative Assembly on the opening day of the 44-day budget session, he threw light on various initiatives, being taken by the government, to bring transparency in the system, beat corruption and to make its officers and employees more accountable to ensure timely delivery of public services. The governor read the first and last paragraphs of his 23-page address due to health reasons.Pointing out that an \"unprecedented atmosphere\" of industrial investment has been created in Madhya Pradesh, he said for the first time Information Technology (IT) companies of international repute have pledged to start their operations in the state.\"A global investor's meet is proposed to be held at Indore later this year. Nearly Rs 250 crore is being spent on development of nine new industrial areas while a Rs 300 crore plan has been chalked out for the development of five existing industrial areas\", he said adding that the state is in the process of setting up a separate new department for micro, small and medium industries. \"Industries to be set up with a capital investment of Rs five crore in all the districts will now be entitled for \"C grade\" facilities\", he added.Yadav said his government was promoting mining industries in order to judiciously exploit the state's mineral wealth. He said efforts were being made to use modern technology for diamond mining in Panna and Chharatpur, Gold and Copper in Sidhi district. There are indications about gold deposits in Katni district and platinum-palladium reserves in tribal dominated Betul district.Stating that the MP Public Services Guarantee Act-which aims at ensuring timely delivery of government services to the common masses-has been appreciated nation-wide, Yadav said many other states were now following it. \"State's official portal \"MP Online \"is extending 130 services and now a state services delivery gateway is being established\", he added.The governor said the MP Special Courts Act has come into force from February 15 this year, after the relevant bill got Presidential assent. He said this legislation could go a long way in fighting corruption as it provides for hearing in corruption cases in a time-bound manner and also to confiscate property earned by illegal means and to use it for public good.Other highlightsMP achieves 10 per cent growth rateConstruction and maintenance of roads top priority; work on 28,000 kilometers long roads in progressPrimary credit cooperative societies to get land on a lease of one rupee for establishing storage infrastructure.Rs 12,000 crore being spent on power generation and strengthening of transmission and distribution network. Feeder separation work in progress. Private sector being encouraged for setting up power plants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11988342", "title": "Heinrich Rudolf Hertz's 155th birth anniversary: Google pays tribute with a doodle", "text": "Wondering what is that electromagnetic wave that greets you on opening the Google home page? It is Google's doodle marking 155th birth anniversary of German physicist Heinrich Rudolf Hertz.Hertz through his experiments proved that electricity can be transmitted via electromagnetic waves. It was this discovery that later paved the way toward development of wireless telegraph and radio. In fact, the unit of frequency of a radio wave is called hertz in honour of Heinrich Rudolf Hertz.Hertz's findings expanded on theory of light put forth by British physicist James Clerk Maxwell in 1884. Hertz measured Maxwell's waves and showed how the velocity of radio waves is equal to the velocity of light. He also calculated the electric field intensity and polarity.Through his experiments, Hertz expanded the field of electromagnetic transmission. He proved how radio waves can travel through different types of media, which later helped in the development of radar technology.Hertz was born in Hamburg , then a sovereign state of the German Confederation, into a prosperous Hanseatic family. He studied science and engineering in the German cities of Dresden , Munich and Berlin . In 1880, Hertz completed his PhD from the University of Berlin.Google doodles are the decorative changes that are made to the Google logo to celebrate holidays, anniversaries, and the lives of famous artists and scientists. The first Google doodle was created by Larry Page and Sergy Brin in the year 1998 to mark the celebrations of the Burning Man Festival. Google currently has over 1000 doodles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11983861", "title": "Swimming contest stopped after 26/11 attack to resume", "text": "MUMBAI: The annual open sea swimming competition from Sunk Rock to the Gateway of India, which was stopped after the 26/11 terror attack, will be held after four years on February 25.Over 500 competitors in 10 categories, including four special events for the physically challenged, will participate in the Square Off Mumbai Swimathon. The competition is supported by the Maharashtra government, Mumbai Port Trust, Mumbai Police, Indian Navy and Coast Guard and the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation, under the auspices of the Maharashtra State Amateur Aquatic Association (MSAAA).\"We are pleased to host the event in association with Square Off, a sports management consulting and training organization, which has the expertise to conduct a race of this kind. We hope the state government will continue support and encouragement to host such events, which can add to India's medal tally in the Olympics to come,\" MSAAA secretary Kishor Vaidya said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11985503", "title": "MP govt to develop Hahaikera dam as a tourist spot", "text": "BHOPAL: The state government is planning to develop Hathaikhera dam in the city as a tourist destination by including facilities like boating, huts and water sports. State urban administration and development (UAD) minister Babulal Gaur instructed the officials of various departments at a meeting here on Tuesday to prepare an action plan to develop Hathaikhera dam site as an attractive tourist place.Gaur said that the catchment area of Hathaikhera dam, which is spread over 770 acre, is 39 square kilometre. It is the second largest water body in the state capital after the Upper Lake. He said that the city residents would get yet another tourist spot with the setting up of facilities at the dam site.Besides constructing a new boat club, the state tourism development corporation will also set up a cafeteria and boating facilities, tourist huts, water sports and the like at Hathaikhera.The Capital Project Administration (CPA) will undertake plantation alongside the dam apart from developing a bird sanctuary here keeping migratory birds in view. The Bhopal Municipal Corporation will treat the water of the nullahs before falling into the dam and install streetlights in and around the dam site.The water resources department will install stones for marking the dam's Full Tank Level (FTL) area and remove hyacinth from it. The fisheries department will facilitate fish breeding and the public health engineering department will assist in water treatment works apart from construction of an oxidation pond.The meeting was attended by Madhya Pradesh State Tourism Development Corporation managing director Pankaj Rag, BMC commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastava, officers of CPA, public works department, fisheries and other departments and people's representatives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11984800", "title": "Interstate gang busted after encounter, 6 held", "text": "NEW DELHI: Six inter-state criminals, involved in at least four different murders, have been arrested by the Bindapur Police after a brief encounter. Several country-made weapons- one of them being an Indian prototype of the AK-47- have been recovered from the accused.The accused, identified as Naveen (19), Lalit (21), Neeraj (19), Sudeep (19) and two minors, are all residents of Jhajjar, Haryana.\"With their arrest, six cases have been solved. The weapons recovered from the gang include an assault rifle, one country-made weapon and two country-made pistols along with 13 live cartridges. A stolen Maruti Swift car, jewellery and mobile phones have also been recovered.\"There were two major dacoities at Bindapur. Past records of hundreds of criminals involved in robbery cases all over Delhi and Haryana were scanned by police. We finally zeroed in on the 'Mainpal' gang which has been active since 2005. On February 20, a special team acted on a tip-off and arrested the six accused,\" said DCP (southwest) Anil Kumar Ojha.Some of the infamous cases solved with the arrests of the accused include the murder of a retired cop at Yamuna Nagar, Haryana, the murder of a sarpanch at Badli, Haryana, and several automobile robberies in Gurgaon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11984632", "title": "'2nd state reorganisation commission is need of hour'", "text": "VARANASI: \"Second state reorganisation commission is the need of the hour in Indian polity and all the demands for separate state hood and sub state hood are a political demand with electoral underpinnings,\" opined Prof G Hargopal from University of Hyderabad and an expert on Telangana. He was addressing a two-day international seminar on 'Re-Envisioning States Reorganisation in India', organised by department of political science, faculty of social sciences, Banaras Hindu University ( BHU ), on Tuesday at the arts faculty auditorium.Prof Hargopal added: \"Speeding up the process of development and pro-people governance are the basic imperatives for the control of the secessionist kind of movements.\" On the inauguration session on Tuesday, eminent international and national scholars participated in it. In the in the seminar which is scheduled in eight technical sessions and over 200 research papers are queued up for discussion.Prof M P Singh, Centre for Multilevel Federalism, Institute of Social Sciences, New Delhi, said state reorganisation in India was a historical process with idiosyncratic characteristics. \"Racial and cultural identity assertion, uneven development is often fraught with strong grass-root movement for separate state,\" he said.According to Prof A K Baruah, North-Eastern Hill University (NEHU), Shillong and director of the Institute of Social Change opined that democracy in India had now been converted into ethnocracy and delineated about various state movements in the North East region of India.According to head of the department and seminar director Prof Ram Pravesh Pathak, around 200 delegates from across the country are attending various sessions of the seminar where special attention is being paid upon proposed division of Uttar Pradesh and various movements for separate states like Telangana, Gorkhaland, Vidarbh, Seemanchal and many others.According to Pathak, on the sideline of seminar, department is also organising its eighth annual alumni meet. Prominent speakers like Dr Asha Sarangi, Dr Sanjay Bharadwaj from Jawaharlal Nehru University (JNU), Dr R K Pandey, Dr Satish Mishra , Dr A Kaushik from Banasthali including Prof Harikesh Singh and senior faculties from different Universities and colleges of the country marked their attendance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11985027", "title": "Electoral voter slips can be used as voter ID", "text": "PANAJI: In a move that will bring relief to those who have lost or misplaced their Election Photo Identity Card (EPIC), the state election commission (SEC) said that electoral voter slips given by the SEC can be used as alternative proof of identification to cast votes.Briefing the press, joint chief electoral officer (CEO) Narayan Navti said \"this slip would act as EPIC proof\".Explaining the rationale behind the move, Navti said since the state had achieved 100% EPIC coverage, the election commission said that EPIC should be used as proof of identification. But as people may have misplaced or lost their EPICs, the aim of allowing voter slips as IDs was to enable them to exercise their vote instead of wasting it. This will also help boost the voter turnout.The voter slip will contain all the details of the voter such as serial number, name, photo, as well as part number, polling booth and timing for voting. The joint CEO said the the electoral roll cleansing exercise carried out by the commission was successful and a very good exercise.Booth-level officers will begin distributing voting slips to voters from February 23-29 upon the directives of the EC. Recipients or a family member will have to sign on receipt of the slips. While distributing the slips, BLOs will ascertain if the voter has shifted residence or has gone out of town and will write remarks and submit the same to the returning officer (RO) of the constituency.\"We will ensure that every voter gets this slip before the polling date,\" said Navti, adding that those who do not receive the slip can obtain the same by contacting their BLO or RO. The state has 10,25,490 general voters. A counterfoil of the slip will be kept at the polling booth facilitation centre. Navti also said \"no electoral symbol can be carried into the polling booth\".Assembly elections news 2012Goa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "alappuzha/kottayam", "code": "11985377", "title": "Talented drummers cut short in prime", "text": "ALAPPUZHA/KOTTAYAM: In death as in life: Neighbours and childhood friends, Sagesh (16) and Binu (20) were inseparable, and so they remained when the end came. The two young men were part of a 'chenda melam' troupe from Muhamma in Alappuzha whose mini-bus plunged into a 400-ft gorge on the Erattupetta-Wagamon road on Tuesday morning. The troupe was returning after a performance on Monday night at a temple in Peerumedu in connection with Shivarathri. Four people died in the accident. Several of the seriously injured are being treated in various hospitals in Kottayam district.Binu and Sagesh alias Appu, came from poor families in Poojaveli, a sleepy village on the banks of Vembanad and had dreamed of becoming professional percussionists to get away from their dreary lives. Last Sunday had been a special day for Sagesh. His mother Sajini had come home and the family celebrated the occasion. Sagesh lived with his grandmother after Sajini left for her own home in Aluva following her husband's suicide three years ago. \"Sagesh was extremely happy on Sunday because his mother had come home to see her children after a long gap. On Sagesh's request Sajini had cooked biryani on Sunday. Binu also had visited Appu's house to meet his friend's mother. Sagesh served biryani to his grandmother, mother and brothers and Binu. He even invited us to have biryani with them,\" said Anitha, Appu's neighbour.A barber by hereditary vocation, Sagesh was the village favourite. He and Binu had enrolled together with PKR group in Poojaveli to learn chenda melam and soon they become adept at it. \"Binu needed Appu with him always. Now together both have left us...,\" said Babu, Binu's father.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11984514", "title": "Jaats of Bharatpur and Dholpur demand OBC status", "text": "JAIPUR: The jat community in Dholpur and Alwar, who are deprived of the status of Other Backward Classes (OBC) in the state, will be joining the jats of Haryana in their ongoing stir demanding the same status.Many people from Bharatpur and Dholpur districts are going to Hisaar in Haryana where the jat community has parked itself on railway tracks. The reason being that jats in the entire state except for Dholpur and Bharatpur are getting reservation as OBCs.The jats in these two districts have also threatened of interrupting rail operations at Ajarka station between Jaipur and Delhi on February 27.Rajasthan Jat Aarakshan Aandolan general secretary Maha Singh Chaudhary addressing a press conference on Tuesday said the state government has been misguiding the jats of Dholpur and Bharatpur for a long time. \"We have waited for long and it is high time we intensify our movement to get an OBC status enjoyed by our community members in other districts,\" Chaudhary added.Meanwhile, three trains on their way to Haryana and Punjab from Rajasthan remained cancelled, while six other trains remained partially cancelled, sources said. \"The cancelled trains included Amritsar-Jaipur express, Rewari-Bhiwani and Bhiwani-Rewari fast passenger,\" an NWR official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11985711", "title": "Cabinet decision on mayor post's reservation today", "text": "NAGPUR: The state cabinet is set to meet on Wednesday in Mumbai to take a final call on the mayor post's reservation issue.The reservation was actually finalized in November 2009 with Nagpur being categorized as general. However, there has been a rethink since then especially because the reservation was decided when the 33% for women rule was in place. At the civic body elections which were held last week, women had a 50% reservation.According to sources in Mantralaya, the cabinet will decide on the reservation issue in 10 municipal corporations in the state. This, however, doesn't include Mumbai.If the cabinet takes decision for revision, it will be interesting to see whether the reservation for Nagpur will also change or not. Sources also added that the lottery system will determine which corporation will be reserved for a women's mayor.According to local officials, the mayor's post in Nagpur may not be changed as per the rotation system. The current post of mayor was reserved for women. \"The mayor's post will not be again reserved for women,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11986224", "title": "CM writes to PM on NCTC", "text": "RANCHI: Chief minister Arjun Munda on Tuesday wrote a letter to Prime Minster Manmohan Singh and urged him to reconsider the decision on National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC).An official in chief minister's secretariat said that the letter was written Munda because the office memorandum of Union ministry of home affairs has given sweeping power to the NCTC. \"The memorandum was issued by the union ministry without consultation from the states. At the same time NCTC is tagged with intelligence bureau which is not good for the country,\" said the officer quoting the letter.He said that the chief minister has urged the Prime Minister to repeal the order and start the process of dialogue with the states including Jharkhand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11985026", "title": "Kochi\u2019s canal cleanup drive to be delayed", "text": "KOCHI: The city's canal cleaning drive initiated by the district administration and irrigation department has come to a standstill due to scarcity of funds. The cleaning of five canals under Kochi Corporation was handed over to the irrigation department in July 2011 after a review meeting.As part of this drive, the irrigation department had agreed to clean Thevara-Perandoor canal, Edappally canal, Changadampokku canal, Karanakodam canal and the Ernakulam market canal. An official in the irrigation department said it is yet to get technical and administrative sanction.Hari Narayanan, executive engineer, district irrigation division, said the department is planning to desilt canals and strengthen its boundary walls. \"The work which is yet to be carried out requires huge money and the authorities have not taken any measures to find the required funds. Cleaning the canals will roughly cost Rs 16 crore,\" he said. The executive engineer added that the department had submitted the proposal to National Bank of Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard). \"They have now allotted Rs 6.68 crore for cleaning Edappally canal. Nabard said the limit for this year's fund allotment is over and it will consider releasing the balance in the next fiscal,\" he said.A senior official in the irrigation department said most canals are encroached, and hence can't be cleaned. \"Many canals have been levelled and have illegal construction. These details are available with the revenue department. Unless they find a solution, we cannot move ahead,\" said the official.While the authorities are considering this as a solution to the city's water clogging problems during the monsoons, the corporation has washed its hands off saying they don't have sufficient funds.\"We have already handed over the project to the irrigation department. The corporation does not have sufficient money for the project and we expect that the funds will be released in the next budget,\" said T K Ashraf, chairman, health standing committee.The canal cleaning drive, a project initiated by the district administration and irrigation department has come to a stand still ate due to scarcity of funds. The project to clean five major canals coming under Kochi Corporation was handed over to the irrigation department in July 2011 after a review meeting of the irrigation department.As a part of the cleaning drive, the irrigation department had agreed to clean the Thevara - Perandoor Canal, Edappally Canal, Changadampokku Canal, Karanakodam Canal and the Ernakulam market canal. Officials in the irrigation department said that the project was yet to get technical and administrative sanction.Hari Narayanan, executive engineer, irrigation division Ernakulam said that the department was planning to desilt the canals and strengthen the boundary walls. \"The work that has to be carried out requires huge amount of money and the authorities have not taken any measures to find funds for carrying out the cleaning drive,\" he said. \"We have prepared a rough estimate to clean the five canals and it comes to around Rs 16 crore,\" he said.The executive engineer said that the department had submitted the proposal to National Bank of Agriculture and Rural Development (NABARD) and they kept it aside asking us to revise the proposal. \"After submitting the revised proposal, they have now allotted Rs. 6.68 crore for cleaning the Edappally canal. When contacted, NABARD said that the limit for the year's fund allotment was already over and will consider releasing the balance amount in next financial year\" he said.A senior official in the irrigation department said that most of these canals are encroached in all possible manner and they alone cannot carry out the cleaning drive. \"Many of the canals are levelled by private parties and have made illegal constructions and the details regarding this are available with the revenue department. Unless the revenue department finds a solution to this, we cannot move ahead,\" said the official.While the authorities are considering this as a solution to the water clogging in the city during monsoon, the corporation has washed its hands off saying they don't have sufficient funds. \"We have already handed over the project to the irrigation department. The corporation don't have sufficient funds for the project and we expect that the funds for the project will be released in the next budget,\" said TK Ashraf, health standing committee chairman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11987505", "title": "Joining hands for better health care", "text": "LUDHIANA: To facilitate the medical industry with better professionals, SPS Apollo Hospitals, Ludhiana, and Lovely Professional University signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) for jointly developing educational programmes on Tuesday. To start with, SPS Apollo and LPU will launch a BSc course for nurses and paramedical professionals.J Sivakumaran, senior vice-president of SPS Apollo Hospitals said this tie-up is a testimony to SPS Apollo's commitment towards training and skill improvement and developing innovative solutions to address the manpower crunch, one of the major challenges in Indian health care. Monika Gulati, dean, faculty of applied sciences, LPU, said, \"We feel this partnership will prove to be a successful training programme for nurses and paramedical professionals. It would improve the overall quality of medical care for the citizens of Punjab.''Dr G L Awasthi, director, medical services, SPS Apollo Hospital, said the programme would aim at training nurses and paramedical professionals on clinical functions to enhance their skills and thus, assist doctors in their day-to-day functioning. It would generate a talent pool for manning various critical care units and assisting patient care, Dr Awasthi added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11984021", "title": "Praful Patel refutes change of aircraft charge, asks Ajit Singh to order probe", "text": "NEW DELHI: Stung by an RTI reply suggesting that a larger aircraft was deployed to accommodate his family, Union minister Praful Patel's urged civil aviation minister Ajit Singh for a probe into the change of aircraft by Air India.In a letter to Singh, Patel referred to reports relating to an RTI query where it was alleged that some members of his family travelled from Bangalore to Male and back on an Air India flight in 2010 which had been changed to a larger aircraft so as to enable them to travel business class.\"I am personally embarrassed and pained about the impression that is sought to be created that the passengers travelled either on free tickets or were upgraded to business class, whereas they were actually fully paid business class passengers, or that it was done at my behest, or that Air India or any private airlines has never done change of aircraft type ever before if they have more bookings or for commercial reasons,\" he said in his letter.Patel requested Singh to \"immediately order an inquiry and ascertain all the facts or probe the matter in any way you deem appropriate\".He added, \"I would be very obliged if you take this up at the earliest so as to clear the doubts and wrong impression which have emanated out of the RTI query and sensationalised media reports.\"According to documents made available under RTI, file notings disclosed by the national carrier indicated that Air India had deployed a larger aircraft to apparently accommodate Patel's family on their Bangalore-Maldives trip in April 2010. The carrier revealed the passenger manifest for the first time, indicating that seven members of Patel's family were on the aircraft and that AI switched to a larger aircraft to accommodate them. The disclosure came after a CIC directive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11983590", "title": "BEL to maintain traffic signals in city", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corpoation (GHMC) has entrusted the work of supplying traffic signal hardware, networking, installation, commissioning and maintenance &amp; operation of Hyderabad Traffic Integrated Management System (H-TRIMS) to Bharat Electronics Limited (BEL), Hyderabad. More traffic signals will be installed at junctions for streamlining traffic in the city. The project will be for five years. The project involves installation and modernisation of 220 traffic signals in the GHMC area with a provision for adding more signals during the period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11985782", "title": "Rs 6 lakh looted from liquor baron's office", "text": "PATNA: In a daring, broad daylight attempt, five armed criminals looted about Rs 6 lakh from the collection office of liquor baron Badri Prasad Jaiswal of UP who owns at least 26 liquor shops in and around the state capital. The office is located in Atul Apartment under the Buddha Colony police station area.One of the cashiers, Umesh Kumar Jaiswal, told TOI there were nine employees in the office when the incident took place around 2pm on Tuesday. A youth approached the driver of the office, standing at the gate, inquiring about one Bhaiyaji. When the driver told him that Bhaiyaji was in the office, the youth held the driver's hand and entered the office.The youth approached the cash room and slapped two salesmen. While everyone looked askance, four young men carrying pistols barged into the cash room where another cashier, Vikas Pathak, was sitting. They asked Pathak to give them the keys of the cash box.Umesh said two of the criminals were masked while one was wearing helmet. When Pathak said the keys were with another cashier who had gone to the bank, the criminals assaulted him and forcibly took the keys from a box. They collected the cash, locked all the employees in the bathroom and escaped.SP (city) Kim, along with DSP (law &amp; order) L M Sharma and local police, visited the spot and began investigations into the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11983663", "title": "IAS officers reshuffled", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state government on Tuesday posted senior IAS officer Chaya Ratan as special chief secretary, home department, and in her place posted Nilam Sawhney as principal secretary of women and children, disabled and senior citizen department. D Sambasiva Rao was transferred from secondary education and posted as principal secretary of finance in place of Ranjeev Acharya who has gone on leave.Rajeshwar Tiwari, metropolitan commissioner of HMDA was transferred and posted as principal secretary of secondary education while Mohd Ali Rafath, presently secretary of minorities' welfare department was posted as secretary in industries and commerce department.Praveen Prakash, presently managing director, AP Dairy Development Cooperative Federation Ltd was given the job of commissioner, public health and family welfare, to fill the post lying vacant after Y Srilakshmi was arrested.Dana Kishore, who had a feud with pollution control board chairman Janaki Kondepi was transferred out and posted as minority welfare secretary. In place of Dana Kishore, East Godavari district collector M Ravichandra was posted as PCB member secretary.J Shyamala Rao, presently managing director of APHM &amp; HIDC and an out-of-AP-cadre officer was posted as metropolitan commissioner, HMDA in place of Rajeshwar Tiwari. Anita Rajendra, director of disabled welfare was Prakasam district collector. Kantilal Dande posted as commissioner of handlooms and textiles.Neetu Kumari Prasad, presently joint collector of Nalgonda district was transferred and elevated as collector of East Godavari district . IRTS officer TRK Rao was transferred from disaster management department and posted as managing director of Sports Authority of Andhra Pradesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11984455", "title": "MSRTC to run Sheetal buses on Nashik-Pune route by March-end", "text": "NASHIK: The Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation will introduce Sheetal, the air-conditioned buses, between Nashik and Pune by March-end. The buses had a successful trial run and more would be added to the fleet before starting full-scale operations, MSRTC divisional controller, Nashik, K B Deshmukh said.\"Currently, these services are operating between Pune and Mumbai and we will launch it between Nashik and Pune,\" he said, adding it will have a 2x2 seating.The new service is in addition to the ordinary, Parivartan, Asiad and Shivneri buses that run on the route.The MSRTC move has got the workers' union nod. \"We have always been of the view that bus service should be introduced between the Asiad and the Shivneri class. We want a middle segment to be introduced and Sheetal is a brilliant idea,\" Pramod Bhalekar, one of the leaders of the workers' union, said.\"Travelling by train takes more than seven hours and the number of trains is very limited and timings are very odd. With rise in temperature, people would like to travel in air-conditioned buses. But Shivneri is very costly,\" said Savita Thakrem, who travels to Pune often.The state road transport is also eyeing students who come to Nashik from Pune for weekend as prospective customers.An office-bearer of the union, on condition of anonymity, alleged that the Shivneri services have been outsourced and as per the agreement, whether MSRTC runs it or not, it still has to pay.\"This is the basic reason that the Sheetal service has been delayed. When other bus services are reduced for want of load factor, why is Shivneri with load factor of less than 60 per cent still being run? Besides, one hour pre- and post-Shivneri timings, Asiad buses are not allowed to ply, forcing the passengers to opt for Shivneri. Sheetal will actually attract the passengers,\" he alleged.However, Deshmukh refuted the allegations and said the corporation was on track to launch Sheetal services from March-end.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11983913", "title": "Water, water everywhere but not in Shadabnagar", "text": "BANGALORE: Shadabnagar, off Nandidurg Road, is populated with cheek-by-jowl tenements. But resident Mohammed Fakhruddin considered himself lucky as he had a metered water connection. That was some six months ago, before water began flowing out of his tap in driblets.Things worsened in the recent past and Fakhruddin said he is not exaggerating when he claimed he is literally dying of thirst. Another resident Azmath said his woes are no different. \"Sometimes, I get water twice a week but only for a few minutes. For that I have to spend sleepless nights and wait till early morning for those few drops that flow out of the tap only by the crack of dawn,\" Azmath said.The plight of Fakhruddin and Azmath is shared by all those who have metered connections from the Bangalore Water Supply and Sewerage Board (BWSSB). Ironically, the root cause of their problem is proliferating illegal water connections and the board has failed to lift a finger despite knowing what the problem is.\"After receiving complaints from residents, I visited the area. We found almost 80% of the connections are illegal. There is no pressure by the time water reaches the rightful consumers as illegal connection-holders, too, draw water from the same lines,\" admitted T Venkatraju, chief engineer, BWSSB.\"Jurisdictional BWSSB engineers have told me in clear terms that no way will the situation improve unless illegal connections are weeded out,\" Fakhruddin said.\"We are trying. But the road is too narrow to dig and find the (illegal) connections. The neighbourhood is thickly populated, making it all the more difficult to weed them out,\" Venkatraju maintained.BWSSB jurisdictional staffers told TOI that illegal connection holders are mostly from economically weaker sections. They said the water board has the provision of giving free meters to such people and they are trying to regularize the connections.Venkatraju said the local MLA and corporators keep demanding from the rooftops that all illegal connections be removed but no one has come forward to help the engineers to identify them.\"Our engineers have been attacked by mobs and there's no one to help them. However, we are supplying water once a week to the locality, which, of course, is insufficient,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11983966", "title": "PM seeks to placate CMs hostile to NCTC", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Tuesday sought to placate state governments over their strenuous opposition to the National Counter-Terrorism Centre (NCTC) by writing to seven chief ministers and assuring that home minister P Chidambaram will consult them over the agency's functioning.With state governments unrelenting over what they see as intrusive provisions to arm the NCTC with police powers - and UPA partner Trinamool Congress even asking a parliamentary panel to recommend putting the Centre on hold - the PM stepped into the frame to try and douse the row.\"I have...noted your concerns about the manner in which the NCTC will function and am asking the home minister to address them suitably, in consultation with you and other chief ministers,\" Singh wrote to CMs of Tripura, Tamil Nadu, Odisha, West Bengal, Bihar and Madhya Pradesh.Singh's promise to consult the CMs over the NCTC's powers to make arrests anywhere in the country came, although he said its primary purpose was to coordinate nationwide counter-terrorism efforts just as the Intelligence Bureau has been doing. \"It is for this reason that NCTC has been located within the IB,\" he said.The rationale for the NCTC not being an independent body is intended to answer criticism that it enjoyed powers of arrest and seizure, which the IB does not have. The government does not want to affect the \"provisions and allocation of powers between the states and the Union,\" the PM has told the CMs.Sources said the NCTC will operate under the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act (UAPA) that was amended after the 26/11 attacks just as some other designated bodies like the National Investigation Agency, while IB works under this law as well with the help of state governments. Powers of arrest and seizure can also be delegated.The home minister is also exploring an option to call a meeting of Director Generals of Police and chief secretaries of all states and Union Territories to clarify 'objectionable' issues concerning the anti-terror body before March 1 when the agency becomes functional.The political firefight over the NCTC's powers of arrest shows no signs of ebbing with BJP again hitting out at the UPA-II for riding roughshod over the states. As it looks to corner the government over several issues, BJP figures the \"federal\" plank allows it to work with a wide range of political outfits as the issues are relatively neutral.The fusillade the government and Chidambaram are facing has seen powerful CMs like Mamata Banerjee, Biju Patnail and J Jayalalithaa act in a coordinated manner with others like Nitish Kumar also joining in. BJP CMs like Narendra Modi, Shivraj Chauhan and Sadanand Gowda promptly made common cause with other CMs.Home ministry sources said the Centre would try to clear doubts of states who have mainly been opposed to the NCTC for drawing its powers of 'arrest, search and seizure' under Section 43(A) of the UAPA.\"It will be explained that NCTC will have a key decision making standing council with chiefs of anti-terror wings of all states. Representatives of states will, therefore, be in the loop while taking any decision whether to arrest anyone or conduct search and seizures,\" said a source.Opposition to the NCTC came up at a meeting of the parliamentary standing committee on home affairs -headed by BJP leader M Venkaiah Naidu - that met to discuss an amendment in the UAPA introduced in the winter session of Parliament last year.Though no member opposed the amendment - meant for bringing circulation and printing of fake currency notes under the ambit of terror law - Trinamool Congress MPs criticized the home ministry's decision to notify NCTC without consulting states.Following his father's reservations, Jammu and Kashmir CM Omar Abdullah said, \"There has been no discussion between state government and the central government on the issue of NCTC. I do not think it would be appropriate as CM for me to publicly comment about it, before I privately share the feelings of the state government with the Union government on this crucial issue.\"At the meeting of the Parliamentary panel, members of non-Congress parties grilled Union home secretary R K Singh on setting up of the NCTC. They posed questions to the home secretary asking him how the Centre can decide unilaterally on setting up the counter-terrorism body without consulting states.Sources said the Opposition members told the Committee chairman and BJP leader M Venkaiah Naidu that he should recommend to the home ministry that the proposal be put on hold. Members of BJP, BJD, AIADMK and Left parties were of the opinion that the NCTC \"impinges\" on the powers of states and would affect the federal structure. The members also told Singh that the CMs should have been consulted before the decision to set up the body was taken.CMs of a dozen states have already voiced their opposition to the creation of the NCTC arguing that the rights of the states would be compromised if it comes into force.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11984439", "title": "Site survey of gas insulated sub-station to begin in city soon", "text": "GURGAON: The work of the on-site survey for installation of the proposed Gas Insulated sub-station (GIS) in the city will soon begin. The state government is working out a detailed roadmap for using the new GIS at three locations in the city. The decision to opt for GIS has been taken by the government for improving the power infrastructure in Gurgaon.The site survey will work out the details of the place, location and other technical aspects for the new type of sub stations which will be installed in Sectors 20, 57 and 33. Each GIS will cost around Rs 75 crore, far too less than the normal sub station. \"The main reason for opting for GIS is that it's compact and takes comparatively less place. The survey will help in finalizing the exact location in each sector,\" said a senior government official.The installation of sub-stations is part of the state government's plan to bolster the city's power infrastructure. Each station is of 220 KV capacity which will cater to Udyog Vihar Phase II, Sectors 25, 23, 21, 22, 17, 57, 56, 45, 50, 46, 47 and 48.In a GIS, the major structures are sealed with gas as insulating medium. A conventional sub-station has air as insulating medium and requires a huge space to be set up. A GIS, on the other hand, takes less than half space, is cost effective and has no negative impact on the overall power distribution system.The government has planned to add six more sub-stations including the new sub-stations. \"The original plan is to build 12 new power sub-stations including upgrading the six existing ones in the city. The work on upgrading the older sub-stations is under progress,\" said another official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-22"}
