{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15115575", "title": "Showers likely today, tomorrow", "text": "LUDHIANA: After playing hide and seek for days, showers of respite drenched the city on Monday morning. Weather experts predict moderate to light showers over the next two days.Kulwinder Kaur Gill, assistant agrometeorologist at PAU, said, \"The city received about 32mm of rainfall. It is the highest rainfall in a day recorded this month. July had received 22mm. Usually, around 232mm rainfall is received in June and July. But this year, the two months received 58mm downpour, which is about 20% of the normal rainfall.\" She added: \"There are chances of moderate to light rainfall in the next two days. On Monday, humidity was around 71% in the morning and evening.\"The two to three hours of showers cheered residents. Kiranjeet Kaur of Model Town said, \"The last five days were hot and humid... we were praying for showers. When on Monday morning I woke up, I saw dark clouds and it rained around 9.30am.\"Vipin Sharma, a businessman of BRS Nagar, said, \"Showers were good, but these took the humidity up.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "porvorimporvorim", "code": "15113808", "title": "Water transport can ease traffic congestion: Khaunte", "text": "PORVORIMPorvorim: Porvorim MLA Rohan Khaunte on Monday demanded that the government start water transport and a mass transport system on priority and also stop the \"harassment\" of tourists travelling on two-wheelers by the law enforcing authorities.Participating in the discussion on demands for river navigation, transport and PWD, Khaunte suggested that water transport would be the best available option to reduce pressure on roads and tackle traffic congestion. He also said that the functioning of river navigation is pathetic and needed drastic improvement and questioned why the Mandovi river is allowed to be congested with barges, casino vessels and cruise boats. It can be turned into a revenue generating department by involving private players. He demanded the introduction of ro-ro boats.Pointing out that there is no safety for passengers, he said one example is the ferry boats on the Panaji-Betim route. He demanded that there should be exclusive ferry boats for commuters and vehicles during peak hours. Stating that on the one hand, the government promotes tourism in a big way, but when tourists come to Goa, the law enforcing authorities start harassing them when they ride two-wheelers. \"What message will they go back with?\" he sought to know and called upon the government to stop providing \"targets\" to law enforcing agencies.Coming to his constituency, Khaunte called upon the government to to give proper attention to development in the new Porvorim contituency saying the entire area has been neglected for decades. He demanded a sewerage project and better traffic system, particularly near the O'Coqueiro junction.Pointing out to the poor water supply in the constituency, he requested the government to improve the system and utilize water from the treatment plant proposed at Guirim. He also urged the government to make a provison for foothpaths for commuters along the main roads and also to put up signages.St Andre MLA Vishnu Wagh said that more time should have been given to the MLAs as three important demands-PWD, transport and river navigation-were listed for the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15114170", "title": "Margao civic body still clueless on bio-medical waste", "text": "MARGAO: Even as the Margao municipal Council (MMC) is in the process of setting up the municipal solid waste management plant at Sonsoddo - the trial runs are expected to begin in August - the civic body is clueless over how to go about putting in place a system to ensure scientific disposal of bio-medical waste in the city.Sources said that though a few hospitals in the city claim to have bio-medical waste treatment facilities, several nursing homes, clinics, laboratories, etc do have any such system as a result of which the bio-medical waste invariably finds its way to the Sonsoddo waste dump, mixed with the municipal solid waste.As per the records of the MMC, there are around 30 hospitals/nursing homes, 250 clinics and dispensaries being operated in the jurisdiction of the MMC which generate 300 to 400 kg of biomedical waste per day.Most of this waste is found dumped in the municipal bins, which creates difficulties when it comes to its final disposal.The issue has assumed significance especially since the garbage treatment plant is taking shape and one of the conditions stipulated in the proposed concession agreement with the concessionaire of the plant, is that biomedical waste generated or disposed within the limits of MMC will not be accepted at the solid waste management plant at the Sonsoddo site.It may be recalled that the MMC had reserved some 200 sq m of land at Sonsoddo for the purpose of setting up a common centralized biomedical waste disposal facility, however, the MMC is yet to take any further steps in that regard.MMC chairperson Arthur D'Silva, when contacted by TOI, said that the municipality was seized of the issue and steps will soon be carried out for the safe disposal of biomedical waste.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15113912", "title": "Directorate of education adds 36 more buses for students", "text": "PANAJI: The directorate of education (DoE) has decided to focus on the safety of students by covering as many schools as possible under the scheme for free buses to schools. Thirty-six more buses are now awaiting allotment to government-aided schools.\"We have a sanction for another 36 vehicles. We need government-aided schools not covered under the scheme to come forward and apply for the buses for this academic year,\" director for education D P Dwivedi said.Last week, orders were issued for allotment of 50 buses to government and government-aided schools that had not been provided free buses for transportation of students, under the earlier state schemes. The DoE also ensured that all special schools were covered on priority basis by sanctioning 11 vehicles to nine schools not covered earlier.The state wants to ensure that maximum number of schools are covered so that students do not have to rely on the unpredictable public transport and also their safety is ensured in the vehicles to be used exclusively for students.The state has merged earlier schemes such as Suvarna Rath, Gomant Bal Rath and Indira Bal Rath under different departments to allot buses to all government and aided schools by doing away with restrictions on eligibility such as high percentage of students from weaker or backward sections or special children required to be studying in the schools.Safe transportation of students to schools has come into focus after the South Goa collector ordered a crackdown on private vehicles transporting students to schools, amidst resistance from the vehicle owners. Private vehicles were seen packing students beyond permissible limits in taxis and compromising safety.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15118428", "title": "Demi Moore 'devastated' over Ashton- Mila relationship", "text": "Demi Moore is said to be \"devastated\" by her estranged husband's Ashton Kutcher relationship with Mila Kunis.Kutcher was pictured recently getting cosy with his former 'That '70s Show' co-star, although both have not yet confirmed a romance.According to Radar Online, Moore was already finding it difficult getting over the breakdown of their six-year marriage and now this new relationship has made it worse.\"Demi is devastated that Ashton has moved on so quickly and is dating Mila. She is beyond heartbroken,\" Stuff.co.nz quoted a friend as telling the site.\"Even though Ashton cheated on her all the time, it was with random girls, it wasn't a relationship like it is with Mila and that is what is killing Demi now. Seeing photos of him kissing another woman is too much for her to handle, it's like having her nose rubbed in it time and time again.\"Each time Demi hears about Ashton and Mila it breaks her heart. She really loved him despite the flaws in their marriage and to see him dating someone new, who is so much younger than she is, is like a knife in her heart ,\" the friend added.Moore is also now said to be estranged from her three daughters, who are practicing \"tough love\" in the hope she gets better.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15113770", "title": "No offence against Vilasrao Deshmukh in Mumbai in money-lending case: Cops to court", "text": "MUMBAI: The Marine Drive police told a local court on Monday that a complaint filed against Union minister Vilasrao Deshmukh , who is accused of misusing his power to shield people involved in a money-lending racket, was not maintainable for want of jurisdiction.In a four-page report, the police said, \"The facts of the case clearly reveal that the cause of action has arisen in Buldhana District and not in Mumbai.\" The magistrate court posted the matter for hearing on September 24, when complainant Abdul Malik Choudhary's counsel Ashish Giri will present his arguments on the report.On March 19, the court ordered the police to conduct a detailed inquiry against Deshmukh over allegations that he had misused his position as the CM to protect from prosecution the kin of an MLA involved in a money-lending racket in Vidarbha. The apex court had, on November 3, 2011, criticized Deshmukh for abusing his constitutional position in this instance.Choudhary had filed a private compliant in the court seeking a probe and filing of FIR against Deshmukh, Congress MLA Dilipkumar Sananda and his father Gokulchand Sananda. But the police, in their report, said the same have been registered in Buldhana by the aggrieved person, Vijaysingh Chavan, and are sub-judice. \"No offences under any of the sections took place in Mumbai and so, no cause of action has arisen in Mumbai to entertain the complaint,\" the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "15115324", "title": "Punjab Small Industries and Export Corporation gives 30 days to units to rectify violations", "text": "JALANDHAR: As the issue of glaring violations of zoning and building bylaws by industrial units came under scanner following the collapse of a factory of Shital Fibers in Industrial Focal Point, Jalandhar on April 15 night, in which 23 workers were killed, hundreds of industrial units in the state are now set to bear the brunt as Punjab Small Industries and Export Corporation has given 30 days' notice to errant units to make amends or face resumption of their plots.A statewide survey conducted by PSIEC after the mishap had revealed that most industrial units in focal points, developed by it across the state, have committed violations -- many of them serious, non-compoundable violations.Before the mishap, PSIEC did little to check these violations.PSIEC has now issued a public notice acknowledging that several units have committed violations of rules laid down by it, despite the rules being clearly mentioned in the lease deeds. In some cases, owners have resorted to misutilization of plots for commercial purposes, it said.The corporation has also asked industrialists to demolish the offending portions within 30 days, failing which punitive action would be taken against them.PSIEC had failed to take action against such units even as the lease deed, through which the industrialists were allotted plots at throwaway prices, mandated that in case of zoning or byelaw violations, the plots could be resumed.However, though a public notice has been issued, sections within PSIEC are skeptical about action as it would impact many rich and influential industrialists, who enjoy cozy relations with political establishment.It is learned that violations were committed in leather complex and sports and surgical complex also. However, serious violations here were few as compared to Industrial Focal Point where the worst offender still remains Shital Vij, whose factory had collapsed. Apart from covering 100% space, his units have been constructed above the maximum height stipulated by PSIEC, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15114679", "title": "Uproar after members of two communities detained", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A senior officer of the city police is in the eye of a controversy. Members of two communities are up in arms after the officer issued a circular.The trouble began after the joint commissioner of police of sector II, S G Bhati, recently issued a circular which triggered the arrest of several members of the Rabari and Bharwad community.Based on this circular 40 members of these communities were detained by Naroda police in the last couple of days.This irked community members who met Naroda police on Tuesday and decided to meet the city police commissioner and submit a memorandum on July 25.President of Maldhari Ekta Samiti, Nagji Desai, said: \"I have seen the circular. It names Bharwad and Rabari communities. The circular instructs city police officials to detain those members of these two communities who have been booked for any kind of criminal offence between 2005 and 2012.\"\"This circular is quite objectionable since individuals can be accused in crimes or even history-sheeters but a whole community cannot be branded in this fashion.\"According to Desai, the circular says that people belonging to Rabari and Bharwad community who have offenses against them between 2005 and 2012 should be detained.A delegation of the samiti met the inspector of Naroda police station in this regard on Monday. The inspector showed them the notice issued by Bhati.On Tuesday, the arrested were granted bail. Bhati told TOI: \"The circular has been issued but it has been misinterpreted. It's not against any specific community.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15115340", "title": "Rebates rake in Rs 112 cr property tax in Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation areas", "text": "PUNE: Concessions to citizens by the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation to encourage early payment of property taxes have resulted in a three-fold increase in the collection in the first three months of the present financial year.Assistant commissioner and chief of property tax department Shahji Pawar said, \"In 2010-11, the property tax collected till June 30 was Rs 25 crore. In 2011-12, the collection increased to Rs 35.5 crore. In the current year, from April to June, the tax collection has jumped to Rs 112 crore. This shows there is increased awareness among citizens about concessions.\"PCMC gives three types of concessions - a 10% concession if citizens pay the amount before June 30, a 5% concession to owners of non-residential, industrial or mixed properties who pay property tax before June 30; a 50 % concession for ex-servicemen or freedom fighters if they pay tax before June 30 and a 10% concession for properties owned by women.The total property tax dues are Rs 250 crore. This includes Rs 54 crore from the Pimpri Chinchwad New Township Development Authority (PCNTDA) for its open land and buildings. The state government has waived this tax. The civic body has still not approved the waiver so the amount is shown as outstanding dues. \"An amount of Rs 73 crore is locked in dispute in the court. We will try to recover the remaining Rs 120 crore from the citizens and organizations,\" he said.Efforts are on to recover dues of more than Rs 5 lakh from each of the 529 defaulters. \"We have sent them reminder notices failing which a seizure notice will be sent to recover the outstanding dues,\" Pawar added.He said that the citizens should pay their taxes before September 30 after which the department will start charging a penalty of 2% on the amount per month.The property tax department had collected Rs 190 crore as tax in 2011-12, surpassing its budgetary target of Rs 180 crore. The target for 2012-13 is Rs 205.50 crore. As many as 3.25 lakh properties in the city have been registered with the department till March 31, 2012.No assessment of illegal structuresThe property tax department of Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) has stopped assessing unauthorized constructions in the city from April 1, 2012. Such constructions will not get water, power supply and underground drainage connections.Assistant commissioner and chief of property tax department Shahji Pawar said, \"This move will discourage people from undertaking unauthorized constructions and preventing others from buying them.\"Many owners of unauthorized constructions use property tax bills issued after the assessment for obtaining power and drainage connections and unauthorized constructions are sold to gullible people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15115723", "title": "Eight new subjects added in Combined Research Entrance Test", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Combined Research Entrance Test (CRET), conducted by Allahabad University, will have eight new subjects from this year.The dates for CRET are yet to be announced but the Academic Council has approved the decision.AU has, however, scrapped agriculture zoology from the list of subjects for CRET.Candidates have to qualify CRET to take admission in AU's DPhil programme.This year, CRET will have 47 subjects instead of 40.AU Admission Cell director Prof BN Singh said he had received the minutes of the last meeting of the Academic Council in this regard.A missive has been sent to the head and in charge of the departments of these eight subjects seeking details of the CRET syllabus for the question papers.The new subjects included in CRET are sociology, home science, atmospheric and ocean studies, globalisation and development studies, material science, cognitive science besides one subject each of the Rajiv Gandhi Chair and Govind Ballabh Pant Social Science Institute.AU has scrapped agriculture zoology following lack of any takers.Prof BN Singh said information regarding department-wise vacancies in each subject have been sought from the Registrar but he has not replied yet.CRET is likely to be held after the syllabus of all new eight subjects is received by the admission cell.CRET applications were to be invited from May 1 and the entrance test was to be conducted in June.But owing to non-receipt of department-wise vacancies, it could not be held as scheduled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15113620", "title": "\u2018SMSs in Jigna Vora phone deleted\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The prosecution in the J Dey murder told a special MCOCA court on Monday that the forensic lab could not retrieve some SMSs allegedly deleted by accused scribe Jigna Vora from her cellphones. The Kalina forensic lab submitted that it lacked the equipment to retrieve the deleted data. A police officer said this could prove to be a setback. The police had sent Vora's six mobile handsets for forensic tests. According the police, the phones contained crucial information. Meanwhile, Vora's bail plea has been adjourned to July 27.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15117613", "title": "Villagers protest illegal sand mining in Kheralu", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Residents of Dedasan and Chailpur villages in Kheralu taluka have taken to the streets, protesting the indiscriminate sand mining along the Sabarmati river. The river's width has increased by almost 50 feet due to the illegal mining activity in the last few months.The residents have found that the mining activities were illegal and that the village panchayat too was not informed of the mining contract by the state government. Though the villagers had registered police complaints, the illegal activities continued unabated. The issue has now snowballed into one where villagers themselves have taken the responsibility of monitoring the illegal activity,owing to government inaction.The villagers now have started stopping trucks on the highway and checking for specific vehicles that are transporting sand. Dedasan village sarpanch Mulsinh Parmar claims, \"There has been no positive response from the law enforcing agencies and has forced us to set up check posts over the road,\" says Parmar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15114874", "title": "DTCP director guilty of favouring city builder", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab and Haryana high court on Monday held T C Gupta, director of the department of town and country planning (DTCP), guilty of contempt of court for issuing a licence to a Gurgaon-based builder in defiance of court orders.The HC has asked Gupta to appear in person on July 30, when the court will take a decision on action against the officer.A division bench of the high court comprising chief justice (acting) Jasbir Singh and justice R K Jain passed these orders while hearing a petition pertaining to the development of two new sectors in Gurgaon (63A and 67A) under the Gurgaon-Manesar Urban Complex 2025 Master Plan.The matter had reached the HC last year through a writ petition filed by Bimal Kumar Dutta, a Faridabad resident, against \"illegal and arbitrary\" creation of new sectors - 63A and 67A. As per the petition, the draft development plan of Gurgaon-Manesar Urban Complex had a proposal for only four sectors, and these two sectors were added by the DTCP allegedly to benefit some builders.Acting on the petition, the high court on August 18, 2011 had ordered a status quo in the area. Thereafter, the petitioner moved a fresh contempt petition in February this year before the HC alleging that despite the August 18 orders, the DTCP issued a license (number 119 of 2011) for construction in Sector 63A to M/S Anant Raj Industries Limited, Gurgaon.The petitioner had sought directions to initiate contempt of court proceedings against the director, DTCP Haryana, for \"deliberately\" issuing license for construction in this area, defying the earlier HC order. When the matter came up for hearing on Monday, the division bench held T C Gupta guilty of contempt of court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15115702", "title": "City\u2019s Florence Nightingale was full of courage", "text": "KANPUR: \"She was the city's Florence Nightingale, full of strength and at the age of 97, living for the cause of others. \"We will all miss her dearly,\" these sentiments were expressed by the employees and the patients of her clinic and maternity home, where Captain Lakshmi Sahgal had rendered her services till Wednesday, a day before she suffered a cardiac arrest.Even on Thursday, when she had suffered a heart attack, she was preparing to leave for the clinic. She used to cater to the needs of underprivileged, mostly women.\"Like any other gynaecologist, she used note the case history, study reports and examine patients thoroughly,\" said Meera, an employee at the clinic.She was punctual and very sensitive towards her patients. \"Once she asked a senior journalist of reputed newspaper, who had come for her interview, to wait outside at the reception as she was busy examining her patients. Offering services to the mankind was her topmost priority. We had learnt a lot from her. Her positive approach towards life had inspired many,\" said another employee.She had always served her patients with utmost sincerity. She used to remember everyone by name and narrate each incident with date and time.\"She had enormous strength and was full of courage. She always wanted to help weaker sex and sensitised them to become self-dependent. This way only they can lead themselves towards betterment and achieve empowerment,\" said Mewa Lal, a resident of the locality.During the 1984 anti-Sikh riots, she single-handedly faced unruly mob. She had shooed away anti-social elements. She even gave shelter to many Sikh families during mayhem that had engulfed the city, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15114022", "title": "New law to rein in hospitals flouting bed quota norm?", "text": "MUMBAI: In light of persistent complaints that private charitable hospitals were not complying with the guidelines for reserving 20% beds for poor and weaker sections of the society, the state government on Monday said that it was weighing the option of enacting a new legislation for mandatory implementation of the provision.With an aim to provide free or concessional health services to poor patients, the Mumbai Public Trust Act, 1950, requires charitable hospitals, which have been allotted lands at nominal rates, to reserve 10% beds for the economically backward classes and another 10% for socially weaker sections.During a discussion in the legislative assembly, legislators from both the ruling and opposition benches contended that several high-profile charitable hospitals were not obeying this condition in letter and spirit. Legislators argued that besides allotment of land at nominal rates, the government also extended FSI perks and concessions in water, power, custom, octroi duties, sales and income taxes, among others. Action was demanded against errant hospitals.Conceding that implementation of the provision left a lot to be desired, Suresh Shetty, minister, public health, said that the government was considering the option of enacting a new legislation in this regard. \"When confronted, some hospitals have argued that they keep 2% of their total revenue, as directed, reserved for treating the poor. However, the advocate general's office, in June, has opined that the 2% revenue provision could not prevent the hospitals from observing the provision for reservation of beds,\" public health minister Suresh Shetty said.Besides enacting the new legislation, Shetty said that the option of online monitoring through the Rajeev Gandhi Jeevandayi Arogya (RGJY) Society, which comes under the public health department, was being considered. The implementation is currently overseen by the law and judiciary department and the office of the charity commissioner. Shetty also said that option of revoking all concessions offered to errant hospitals was also being pursued. \"Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan said a decision in this regard will be taken in ten days,\" Shetty informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "15113681", "title": "Acquisition of land for Machilipatnam port soon: Minister", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: Mines and geology minister Galla Aruna Kumari has said that the process of land acquisition for the prestigious Machilipatnam port will be completed within a month. She said that the district administration was ready to handover the required land to the port contractor soon after issuance of the modified GO.While the state government issued a GO to acquire 4,800 acres for the proposed port nearly three months ago, district collector S A M Rizwi sought several clarifications on the issue to avoid ambiguity in the extent of land to be handed over to the port construction contractor. Disclosing this here at a news conference on Monday, Aruna Kumari said that the port works would begin shortly after handing over of the land and there was no truth that the state government was deliberately delaying the land acquisition.Applauding the decision taken by chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy to release water to the Krishna delta despite poor reserves at Nagarjunasagar, the minister said that the district review committee (DRC) passed a resolution to amend the GO issued by the Telugu Desam Party (TDP) in 1996. She said that the GO issued by Naidu mandated the state government to maintain a level of 510 ft in the dam notwithstanding the needs of the Krishna delta. She said that the GO had become a major hurdle in releasing water to the delta as high court stayed the supply. \"The advocate general is studying the matter and there is no need for the farmers to worry about the outcome as the government is fully committed to protect the delta farmers,\" said Aruna Kumari.Earlier, a ruckus was witnessed at the DRC meeting when the TDP legislators blamed the state government for not representing the case in the high court in a proper way. TDP legislator Devineni Umamaheswara Rao criticized the Congress government for mishandling the issue leaving the farmers in the lurch. However, Congress legislators -- Jogi Ramesh and Paladugu Venkata Rao -- took on the TDP by turning the tables on them. Heated arguments ensued between the ruling Congress and opposition TDP members at the meeting when district minister Parthasaradhi criticized the TDP stand on the issue.Saradhi said that it was the Congress government which took a bold decision to protect the farmers of delta despite the 'foolish' GO issued by Chandrababu Naidu. The minister called for the amendment of the GO. He said that Pulichintala project would be completed by next year and action taken against the errant contractor and the officials. In charge minister Aruna directed the district collector to take steps to provide sand free of cost for the construction of Indiramma houses. She said that about 29,000 houses were to be completed this year and nearly 3 lakh cubic metres of sand was required.While clearance was given for two reaches in the district, sanction for another nine cases was in pending. She said that sand available in the upstream of the Prakasam barrage would be allocated for the government works.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "15114192", "title": "\u2018Kin got Rs 100cr through bogus companies\u2019", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: Kirit Somaiya , national secretary of BJP, on Monday alleged that certain family members of Maharashtra PWD minister Chhagan Bhujbal received more than Rs 100 crore in kickbacks through \"bogus companies\".Somaiya personally took mediapersons to a Sector 23, Nerul address of two such \"bogus\" companies\u2014Minu Tax Processors Pvt Ltd and Mangal Sago Pvt Ltd. However, it turned out to be a residential flat, he said.Somaiya further alleged that he has procured information from the ministry of corporate affairs that the Bhujbal group company Parvesh Construction Pvt Ltd sold its shares worth Rs 100 crore to several companies \u2014 most of which don't exist.\"Parvesh Construction owned by Bhujbal's family has incurred losses for years, according to the audited accounts of the company. Yet, dozens of investors have bought its shares worth crores,\" alleged Somaiya.\"This money is actually the kickbacks that Bhujbal received in the Maharashtra Sadan project being built in Delhi,'' said Somaiya.He added that he would submit a formal complaint about the alleged money laundering through such companies to the chief comptroller and auditor general of India (CAG) in Delhi on Tuesday.Another complaint has already been lodged against Bhujbal with the state anti-corruption bureau in Mumbai earlier this month.Other than the two Nerul companies, the third \"bogus\" company named by the BJP national secretary was one Hingora Fiinvest Pvt Ltd at Dahisar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15114651", "title": "Under-15 kids smoke, chew gutka", "text": "BANGALORE: About 50% children below the age of 10 in rural Karnataka have experimented with smokeless tobacco (like gutka and khaini) or smoking tobacco, imitating parents, grandparents and other elders in the family, says a recent study by Tata Institute of Fundamental Research and Tata Memorial Hospital, Mumbai.As per the 2010 Global Adult Tobacco Survey, 40% males and 16% females above the age of 15 years use tobacco in Karnataka, and 37% of them are exposed to passive smoking at public places. As per the Global Youth Tobacco Survey, 8% boys and 2% girls in the 13-15 age group are tobacco users, while 47% are exposed to passive smoking outside their homes.Yet, a year after the Centre asked all states to ban sale of smokeless tobacco products like gutka and khaini, the Karnataka government is yet to get going. On August 1, 2011, the Food Safety and Standards Authority of India, of the ministry of health and family welfare, had issued a notification stating that tobacco and nicotine should not be used as ingredients in any food products. It also said that all smokeless tobacco products such as gutka and khaini be banned.BAN UNDER CONSIDERATION\"The commissioner of food safety recently sent a proposal to the health and family welfare department, recommending a ban on gutka and smokeless tobacco products in Karnataka, which is under consideration,\" said Dr EV Ramanna Reddy, secretary, health and family welfare department.So far, only five states, including Kerala and Maharashtra, have banned the sale of gutka. On July 12, 2012, Maharashtra took a step forward and also banned the sale of paan masala.Karnataka is in a vulnerable position as far as the ban on gutka and smokeless tobacco products is concerned. Neither has it taken any remedial steps in this direction.\"There is no governance in Karnataka to take care of this issue. Sale of chewing tobacco and its accessibility to young children is harming our society. Oral cancer is spreading fast in India. As a specialist, I see at least one oral cancer patient a day in the age group of 30-32 years. This shows that tobacco products are easily accessible to the youth,\" said Dr US Vishal Rao, leading oncologist and director, Cancer Prevention Project, at the Institute of Public Health.Times ViewIt's been a year since the ministry of health banned tobacco products like gutka and khaini, but there is little evidence of it in Karnataka. The state government has not taken any steps to end the menace, though the effect of tobacco on public health is known. While five states, including Maharashtra, have ensured stringent measures, Karnataka is yet to wake up. Tobacco products are freely available and children are falling prey to the addiction. Eventually, it is up to the people to spread awareness on tobacco's killer effects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15114320", "title": "Cop's wife kills self in front of daughter", "text": "KOLKATA: The wife of a special branch officer of Kolkata Police committed suicide in front of her daughter on Monday.Dipali Dutta, 49, jumped off the fifth-floor roof of the Tollygunge police quarters early in the morning. Preliminary probe revealed that Dutta was depressed and was undergoing psychiatric treatment.Around 4.15am, Dutta's 22-year-old daughter woke up to find her mother missing next to her. She started a hunt and found the main gate of the apartment ajar. After a search, she went up to the roof and found her mother standing on the cornice, holding on to the iron bar of the parapet.The panicky daughter asked Dutta to move away from the parapet at once. But as she walked forward, Dutta loosened her grip and fell. She was unconscious when she was rushed to SSKM Hospital, but there she was declared dead.Dutta's husband is an assistant sub-inspector who works as a divisional officer with the special branch of Kolkata Police.Preliminary probe revealed that Dutta underwent a surgery a year back and had been in depression ever since.Security guard's gun goes off: Kolkata: The gun of a security guard posted at a Ganesh Chandra Avenue branch of Sydicate Bank went off accidentally on Monday morning and fired two rounds of bullets.Police said Tarun Das, 32, was loading the gun when it accidentally went off, leaving the area tense. Police said the security guard handled his gun carelessly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15114713", "title": "Tobacco related cancers on the rise", "text": "Every year, Kidwai Memorial Institute of Oncology in Bangalore gets about 1,200 new cases of Tobacco Related Cancer.Easy access to tobacco and its products and a lack of awareness about their effects appear to have contributed to this growth graph in Karnataka. A hospital registration based study by the government-run Kidwai Memorial Institute of Oncology (Kimo), which is updated every year, says about 20.2% male cancer patients and 7.1% female cancer patients treated at Kimo are found to be suffering from TRCs.\"We cannot blame the government for not banning the sale of tobacco products in the state. We need to accept the fact that products like gutka and khaini are accepted in society. Unless there is mass awareness on the ill-effects of tobacco and its related products, nothing will change. If we stop using it, we don't need the government to ban the sale of tobacco products,\" Dr M Vijayakumar, director, Kimo, told TOI.Both smoking and passive smoking can lead to lung cancer, said Dr Vijayakumar. \"The government must start educating children in primary schools about the drawbacks of using tobacco and its products. If the younger generations are aware about the issue, there will be fewer TRC cases in future.\"Said leading oncologist UV Vishal Rao: \"The government must make it compulsory to print a statutory message about the side effects of consuming tobacco and its products on the packet, in the regional language. This will help the rural population understand. This message is printed in tiny fonts in English, which is not understood by rural people and they continue using tobacco products due to many myths like it helps reduce dental pain.\"COMMON CANCERSMale: Lungs, oral cavity, pharynx, oesophagus, stomachFemale: Cervix, breast, ovary, oral cavity, oesophagusMORTALITY RATETCR accounts for 40% cancer deaths in males in IndiaTobacco usage among population aged 15 years and more: 47% in males; 14% in females(Source: Kidwai Memorial study)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15117617", "title": "Dev is a a full-on paglu: Koel", "text": "TOI talks to pranksters Dev and Koel on the mischief and masti they shared doing 'Paglu 2'Dev On Koel Usually, I'm the one to play pranks, but Koel took up that role on the sets of Sujit Mondol's \" Paglu 2\" . She's an extremely balanced girl and less of a paglu in real life. But once she starts laughing, only God knows when she will stop. Koel used to keep track of what I am eating, wearing and with whom I am talking on the phone. For the songand-dance sequences, we used to stay in France and shoot in Switzerland . We changed eight hotels in 10 days!The food there had a lot of cheese and we would both stuff ourselves. Koel would make sure that I also ate all the cheesy stuff so that she wouldn't be the only one to feel guilty. And just before a shot she would say, \"Dev, your tummy is showing.\" It didn't stop there as we used to pull Baba Yadav's (choreographer) leg. Koel would say, \"Dev, this is a done-to-death step, isn't it? Baba, this will not do, show us some new moves.\" And I used to lau gh seeing Baba's face. Baba would shout at us, \"Tum dono mujhe kaam karne do ge ke nahi?\"Koel On Dev Whenever I work with Dev, I take a multi-vitamin tablet so that I can handle his pranks. In real life too, Dev is a a full-on paglu . He has this extraordinary capacity to crack all sorts of jokes with an innocent face. And by God's grace I am always his target!I grew up with my cousins, so I have learnt not to react when someone plays a prank on you. But with Dev, it's very difficult since he will continue to pull your leg whether you react or you don't. One day Dev walked up to a technician and said, \"Koel was telling me that you snore while sleeping. Is that so?\" I was zapped as I didn't even know the man. By the time I could say something, Dev was nowhere to be seen. That apart, whenever I had to give a reaction shot where Dev's back was to the camera, he used to make all sorts of funny faces. And I invariably would start laughing instead of crying!As told to Ruman Ganguly", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15113941", "title": "Supreme Court to hear govt on Muslim quota", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday admitted the Union government's appeal challenging a judgment of Andhra Pradesh high court, which quashed the Centre's decision to carve 4.5% quota for Muslim groups within the 27% OBC reservation in jobs and admission to central educational institutions.A bench of Justices K S Radhakrishnan and Dipak Misra admitted the Centre's appeal and ordered it to be tagged with a pending appeal of Andhra Pradesh government challenging another decision of the HC on carving out of 4% quota for Muslims in jobs.During the summer vacation, the Union had pleaded for an interim stay on the HC decision so as to implement the Muslim sub-quota in IIT admissions, but the vacation bench had refused to grant the interim relief saying the decision on Muslim sub-quota prima facie appeared to be against the mandate of the Constitution.In Andhra Pradesh, the quota for Muslims had a history starting from the YSR Reddy government's 2004 decision to carve out 5% quota in favour of the minority community. After the decision was quashed by the HC in September, 2004, the government had passed an Ordinance in 2005 to implement the reservations for Muslims. But, the HC against quashed it in November 2005.Subsequently, the state backward commission recommended 4% quota for Muslims in jobs and admissions after identifying 15 groups within the minority community as socially and educationally backward. But, the HC yet again quashed it in February, 2010. This was challenged by the state government in the apex court, which stood referred to a constitution bench for adjudication and the matter is still pending.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "rewari", "code": "15115001", "title": "Farmers seek judicial probe into Rewari violence", "text": "REWARI: A farmer leader on Monday demanded a judicial probe into the clashes between police and farmers, protesting land acquisition in Haryana's Rewari district, that left at least 20 people injured a day earlier.\"Farmers alone cannot be blamed for any of these incidents as the police had first charged at them without provocation. A judicial inquiry into the incidents would bring out the truth,'' said Bhumi Adhigrahan Virodhi Sangharsh Samiti president Ram Kishan Mehalwal. He asked the government to withdraw criminal cases against the farmers, while reiterating his demand that the entire industrial project proposed over 3,600 acres across 16 villages be scrappedThe representatives of the organization would meet Haryana chief minister over the issue on July 25.The farmers had suspended their agitation on Sunday night and lifted the blockade on Delhi-Jaipur highway after the government has announced to defer the land acquisition.Rewari deputy commissioner C G Ranjikanthan said the situation had normalized with the restoration of the traffic along the highway. \"We are facilitating a dialogue between the farmers and the government and hope that the issue would be sorted out soon to the satisfaction of the farmers.''Farmers say a sense of insecurity, shrinking agriculture holdings and low rates offered for land in Haryana led to the Rewari violence.\"Farmers would be rendered landless after handing over the land at low prices while the government would then allot the industrial plots at a premium to the industrialists. The government seems to be acting like a middle man. The government should first protect the farmers' interest while undertaking industrialization,\" said Mehalwal.Farmers said the state government is offering around Rs 45 lakh per acre to them, while the existing market rate is over Rs 4 crore in the NCR region.A farmer, who was part of the mob that stoned cops and set vehicles on fire, said the huge difference between in the rates angered them.\"The farmers are feeling cheated at the hands of the government. Anyone would feel cheated if given Rs 45 lakh instead of over Rs 4 crore for an acre,\" said real estate expert Dinesh Saini.A multi-modal logistics hub is proposed to come up in Rewari as part of the ambitious Delhi-Mumbai Industrial Corridor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15115753", "title": "Tillers despair over delayed irrigation projects", "text": "There is an age-old air of resignation in Ram Sewak's voice. \"Even a few days' rain now can help me save something,\" he says. He is hoping against hope. His six bighas (about an acre) of unirrigated land in a village near Misrikh in UP's Sitapur district is lying parched.The corn and groundnut seeds he had sown are dying.The land he tills has probably been under cultivation for 5,000 years \u2014 and it is still as dependent on the fickle rain gods as in ancient times. In India, 56% of foodgrains are produced from 47 million hectares (Mha) of irrigated land; the other 44% come from 95 Mha \u2014 or twice as much \u2014 of rainfed land.The solution seems straightforward\u2014 provide irrigation and liberate farmers from this misery. But even in a country where two-thirds of the population depends on agriculture, policymakers seem to have forgotten about this crucial requirement.In April this year, replying to a question in the Lok Sabha on pending irrigation projects in the country, water resources minister P K Bansal said that since 2002, 96 irrigation projects have been included by the central government in its flagship Accelerated Irrigation Benefits Programme (AIBP), which is part of the much tom-tommed Bharat Nirman programme of the UPA.Most of these projects, spread across 15 states, have been delayed by three to six years. The Centre has already spent a whopping Rs 45,552 crore on them. Maharashtra has 26 such projects, 18 of which are behind schedule. Andhra Pradesh has 18, of which 17 are delayed. Madhya Pradesh has 12, of which nine are delayed. In Orissa, four out of five projects are behind schedule. Ram Sewak's UP has six projects worth Rs 2556 crore and three of them have been delayed. None of them can save him this year \u2014 they are all incomplete.Bansal's reply contains another staggering statistic \u2014costover-runs.Delays mean more cost to the taxpayer. The 96 projects are estimated to cost Rs 61,319 crore, 35% more than when they were started.In fact, these projects have become milch cows for many. Interminable delays create a potential for making money. The Centre has given over Rs 54,335crore to states between 1996-97 and 2011-12 for AIBP works, but projects continue to languish.Maintenance of existing canals and feeders is another big problem. On paper there may be a canal going through fields, but is there any water running through it or is it leaking out upstream? Pramod Kumar, a farmer of Baoli village in Baghpat district says that the canal beyond their village has been dry for several years now.\"We rely on DG sets, not on canals,\" he says, referring to the ubiquitous pumping sets that draw out groundwater for irrigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15114807", "title": "HC to government: You are jumping the gun", "text": "BANGALORE: Disapproving of the delay in appointing a Lokayukta, the Karnataka High Court said on Monday: \"What is sub judice is the primacy issue? What's wrong in going ahead with consultation? There are no reasons whatsoever why the process (should) not be started. The pendency of the SLP is irrelevant. The basic modicum of geniality is that you suggest a name. The government's assumption is that any name suggested by the chief justice is not acceptable or will be shot down? You are jumping the gun.\"Advocate general S Vijaya Shankar told the court the state government has filed an SLP seeking a clarification from the apex court in the matter as the division bench had also dealt with Section 3(2)(a) of the Karnataka Lokayukta Act governing the appointment of a Lokayukta while deciding the Upa Lokayukta issue.However, chief justice Vikramajit Sen told him that even in the Chandrashekariah case, nobody came back to him after he recommended a name.The court had last week warned that it would not hesitate to inform the governor that there is a constitutional breakdown if the government continues to be \"recalcitrant\" on the issue.What petitioner saidThe petitioner has claimed the state government is deliberately delaying the appointment of a Lokayukta. \"It is sad to that the government is not able to find one right person to fill up the post of Lokayukta. (It) shows neither the government has any interest nor is it concerned over the growing corruption in the system.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15114213", "title": "Soon, you can lodge meter complaint directly with RTO", "text": "MUMBAI: The application that lets Android phone users tally autorickshaw and taxi fares will soon allow a commuter to send a complaint against an errant driver directly to the Regional Transport Office (RTO).Shedding light on their plans, software developer Chetan Temkar said: \"Our intention is to build public pressure. We want every commuter who detects a tampered auto or taxi meter on the road to lodge a complaint on the spot. The process will be simple (see box) and only involve keying in the auto/taxi number and hitting a button on the phone. The complaint will be forwarded by us to the transport commissioner's office as well as to Wadala/Andheri/Tardeo RTOs' websites.\"Meanwhile, around 2,200 citizens have downloaded the fare app (Auto Taxi Meter &amp; Card) created by the company, Smart Shehar, since TOI first published an article about the free service in its Monday edition.Activists such as transport expert Ashok Datar, who has vouched for the software, also plan to help Temkar by liaisoning with RTO officials. \"We will keep a copy of every complaint and then put the data together. We may also follow up with RTO officials on the action taken on the complaints,\" Temkar said.\"The RTO can provide a dedicated email address or mobile number where the complaints can be forwarded. The data can be tabulated and the officials can get a clear picture on the drivers against whom there are two or more complaints in a month,\" said Datar.Welcoming the move, commuters said proper execution of the plans would help rein in errant taxi and auto drivers across the city. \"Armed with the app, I will keep a close watch on meters now,\" said a Borivli resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15114878", "title": "Live wire kills three trying to steal power", "text": "GURGAON: In an attempt to illegally tap a high tension electric line in Mohammadpur, three people, including a six-year-old boy were electrocuted on Sunday night.The incident took place when a tenant, Paramhans tried to hook his domestic connection on to a live high tension wire carrying 11000KV. He had mistaken the 400KV line to be of 11000kV.The entire house had live current flowing. As a result, three others were electrocuted on spot. However, Paramhans managed to escape with minor burns. The ones, who died in the incident, were identified as 30-year-old Malka, her six-year-old son Vaseem and another tenant, Firoz. Malka and Firoz were working with a private firm in Gurgaon.A case has been lodged with the Kherki Dhaula police and Paramhans has been arrested for causing death, due to negligence. The bodies of the deceased have been handed over to the family after post-mortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15114561", "title": "Hariprasad from Bihar fails lingo test, runs riot in Kodanad", "text": "KOCHI: This is one naughty tusker that is testing the patience of its mahouts and the forest department. Originally, a resident of Bihar, Hariprasad has been more than a handful for its owners, running away at every chance, creating a riot in the process.While it's not known whether he is pining for the land of Niteesh Kumar, experts have attributed his insouciance in learning Malayalam for his riotous behaviour.On Sunday, Hariprasad, who has changed hands four times since he arrived here in 2008, swam across river Periyar near the Kodanad elephant training centre where it was taken for a bath.What unfolded was a tense over 24-hour drama with forest officials, police and locals searching for the elusive pachyderm through the night without luck, only to find the tusker stranded in the middle of the river on Monday morning after his chain got struck in between the rocks.The show finally came to an end when officials successfully removed the chain and the elephant on Monday evening.This was not an isolated case and the tusker is known for running away from his earlier owners as well. In 2009, he went wild and ran over 20 km in Kollam. It later turned violent while working in a saw mill, and ran amok near Thrissur railway station in 2010.\"The elephant has a track record of running amok. After arriving here, the animal which was brought from Bihar is having communication issue as well. Such elephants should be trained in the training centre. Moreover, the tusker is known to have turned violent in the month of Karkitaka,\" said Dr Abraham Tharakan, veterinarian.For Venkitachalam, the president of Elephant Lovers' Forum , it is purely a linguistic issue. \"He came from Bihar and doesn't know any language other than Bihari. At first, his owner was a person in Kollam. Finding it difficult to manage the elephant, the owner sold it,'' he said.The elephant's ownership had also turned into a controversy after its Thrissur-based owner failed to produce proper documents before the Kerala High Court in 2011. The court pronounced an interim verdict giving the custody to forest officials.According to officials of the forest department, the elephant was obedient and communication was not a problem.\"After the elephant came to the rescue centre at Kodanad, it has not shown any communication problems. That's why it was taken for a bath,\" said N Nagarajan, divisional forest officer, Malayattoor division.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "15115560", "title": "4 students hurt as ceiling plaster comes off", "text": "BOKARO: Four students, including three girls of Upgraded Government Middle School, Khakhanda were injured when a chunk of plaster came off the roof and collapsed on them while they were attending class in the school building here at Gomia Block on Monday.The students have been identified as Babita Kumari, Puspa Kumar, Shakuntala Kumari and Dharamjeet Kumar. They were rushed to local primary health centre. Dharmjeet and Babita sustained injuries on head while two others were hurt on leg. However, all four of them are out of danger. District superintendent of education Purender Vikram Sahi said a team had been sent to the school to assess the situation. The building is in dilapidated state. The incident occurred at 2pm when a large piece of plaster fell on the students, injuring four.School principal Niranjan Mahto said he had informed about the deteriorating condition of the school building to the department about three years ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15115717", "title": "IRCTC registers record booking of e-tickets", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The IRCTC (Indian Railways Catering and Tourism Corporation) has achieved a record booking of 4.96 lakh e-tickets in a day. The e-ticketing website, of the Indian Railways, www.irctc.co.in has registered the booking of 4.95 lakh e-tickets which is more than 9 lakh passengers on July 13. The website recorded an average of 4.47 lakh e-tickets per day since the new timing of tatkal tickets came into force on July 7 as against 3.60 lakh it used to record earlier.Talking to TOI, joint general manager, Public Relations of Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Pradeep Kundu said: \"We have achieved the record booking of 4.96 lakh e-tickets through our web portal on July 13. This feat has been achieved after we have taken various measures to help genuine customers to get the tickets and to prevent unauthorized persons from booking the tickets.\"Recently, Indian Railways and IRCTC have taken a slew of measures to help genuine customers to get the tickets and to prevent unauthorized persons from booking the tickets.The opening timing of booking Advance Reservation Period (ARP) and tatkal tickets have been segregated to 8 AM and 10 AM respectively. Agents have been barred from booking ARP/Tatkal tickets during initial two hours after the opening of booking of the above tickets, both from the PRS Counters and on the net.To help improve user experience and availability of website during the initial peak hours, IRCTC has augmented the infrastructure capacity including hardware, software and internet bandwidth.In addition, several important measures have also been taken to prevent misuse of individual user-IDs by the agents, which make the above growth in the booking possible. Single user registration on one e-mail ID and one mobile number has been implemented. Restriction of booking of only two tickets per IP address in the initial two hours (1000 hrs - 1200 hrs) of opening of the booking of Tatkal tickets has been implemented.More than 5 lakhs multiple personal user-ids and 44,000 multiple IDs created by agents have been deactivated. The IT anti-fraud and vigilance teams of IRCTC have also been analyzing bookings on a daily basis and suspicious bookings are cancelled or investigated further.With the implementation of the above measures the earlier abnormal pressure on the website has been reduced to a great extent, IRCTC is making its customers' experience more satisfying and is constantly working towards improving its facilities towards this end.The chairman of Railway Board Vinay Mittal on his recent visit to Allahabad has also spoken about the slew of measures that has been taken for the booking of Tatkal tickets and the positive feedback received from the passengers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15115549", "title": "Taxi driver\u2019s kidnapping foiled; 6 arrested", "text": "LUDHIANA: The police claimed to have foiled a kidnapping with the arrest of six persons.Siddharth Sethi, 22, a taxi driver, was standing at Raikhy Cinema Chowk on Sunday morning when Manpreet Singh, Kanwar Pratap Singh, Vishal, Puneet, Kamaljeet Singh and Paramjeet Singh, all residents of Amritsar, thrashed him and bundled him into his taxi. As they were escaping in the taxi, a passerby informed the police.Investigating officer Ratanjeet Singh said all check posts were alerted and accused arrested from Ladhowal. They were going towards Amritsar. \"It was found during preliminary probe that Siddharth's father had a business tie-up with Paramjeet, but later their relations turned bitter. Then, Siddharth's family shifted to Kurukshetra from Amritsar. A case has been registered on the complaint of the victim's mother, Seema,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "15115771", "title": "Trains delayed as locomotive breaks down", "text": "TRICHY: A Mangalore-bound express train suffered a locomotive failure in the early hours of Monday, due to which train services on that route were halted. The loco fault put hundreds of passengers into great hardship for more than two hours.According to Tiruchirappalli railway division, train number 16107 Chennai Egmore - Mangalore Express train stopped between Ariyalur and Sillakudi at 4am on Monday as the locomotive encountered a problem. Despite acting quickly, the loco pilot could not succeed in his attempt to rectify the problem. On information, technicians from the Ariyalur station rushed to the spot and undertook the repair work. It took a nearly an hour to rectify the problem. By the time the train resumed its journey and reached Tiruchirapalli Junction there was a two-hour delay.As a consequence, few other express trains, originating from Chennai Egmore were halted for a few hours due to the disruption. Train No. 16177 Rockfort Express from Chennai Egmore - Kumbakonam arrived two hours late at Tiruchirappalli Junction instead of arriving at 5.30am. Another express train, No. 16714 Chennai Egmore - Rameswaram Express also arrived 75 minutes late at the Tiruchirappalli Junction station. Similarly, the arrival of train number 16724 at Tiruchirappalli Junction was delayed by 100 minutes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15115230", "title": "Builders not to use potable water for construction", "text": "PUNE: Waking up to the need to save the precious drinking water in the city facing a scarcity-like situation, members of the Confederation of Real Estate Developers Associations of India (Credai), Pune Metro, have taken a collective decision not to use drinking water at construction sites.Satish Magar, president, Credai, Pune Metro, has issued a circular to its members informing them about the water crisis resulting from insufficient rainfall. The circular has also notified the members about various techniques of saving water.In response to the circular, the members from Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad have immediately discontinued the use of tap water at construction sites.Credai, Pune Metro, has also extended its support to the steps undertaken by the Pune Municipal Corporation regarding conservation of water.The Credai will be undertaking a save water campaign to create public awareness, a statement issued by the confederation said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15115226", "title": "Body donation gaining momentum in Pune", "text": "PUNE: Body donation, the act of giving away one's body after death for research and medical education, is picking up in the city. In the past three years (2010, 2011 and 2012 till July), 523 people have pledged to donate their body, shows an analysis of the body donation records at the BJ Medical College and Sassoon general hospital attached to it.\"The trend is picking up. Between 2007 and 2009, we used to receive 80 to 100 applications every year, but the number has increased to over 200 from 2010 onwards,\" said B H Baheti, professor and head, department of anatomy, BJ Medical College and Sassoon hospital.\"The increased awareness of pledged donations has resulted in our anatomy department receiving more cadavers for medical education for under-graduate and post-graduate students,\" Baheti said.In 2012, the hospital has already received 104 applications showing willingness of the applicants to donate their bodies, he added.The BJ Medical College needs 50 cadavers for educational purpose every year. \"Of these, around 25 to 30 bodies are received through pledged donations. The remaining is sourced from unclaimed bodies,\" Baheti said.Comparing to unclaimed bodies, in which vital organs may have got destroyed, fresh bodies received through donation help students learn anatomy better, he added\"The bodies are mainly required for MBBS students who are taught the human anatomy in detail. A group of eight students are given one whole body. Bodies are also needed for post-graduate students and for super-specialty workshops,\" Baheti said. \"Anatomy is the study of the structure of systems and organs in the body. It is a very important course for medical students and forms the groundwork for clinical courses. By bequeathing body for the benefit of science and advancement of medicine, people are greatly helping medical students,\" said experts from Indian Medical Association, Pune branch.S T Pardeshi, PMC's medical officer of health, said: \"Awareness and proper counselling of the family can bring about a phenomenal attitudinal change towards body donation. Donating bodies for research calls for a high degree of social consciousness.''\"Students are told that this is a commodity that no money can buy. We are very respectful and grateful to those who donate their bodies.Our students can become good doctors only if there are enough cadavers to study. No amount of computer simulation can teach as much as a real body,\" Baheti said.Body donationsYear Number of applications2007 882008 1082009 1022010 2162011 2032012 104(Till July)Main norms about body donation* Some conditions would prevent hospitals from accepting the body. These include: morbid obesity , extensive burns, mutilation or organ removal (except eyes), open sores or wounds, history of infectious diseases (hepatitis, HIV/AIDS , fulminating tuberculosis , etc) or if the body is in advanced state of decomposition* In addition, hospitals will not be able to accept the donation, if a body is either autopsied or if the person weighs more than 300 lbs at the time of death* Determination of the acceptability of a body can only be made at the time of death, since the cause of death may not permit the body to be usable for medical teaching and research* The anatomy department should receive the body within three hours of death. Failure to do so may result in non-acceptance of the donation* There should not be any medico-legal case concerning the body* Once the body is donated, it cannot be taken back for any reasons* One can donate eyes separately and still donate the rest of the body* There is no upper age limit for whole body donation. The department accepts bodies of all ages, provided they do not have the afore-mentioned conditionsProcedure regarding to death certificateWhen the anatomy department accepts the donation, it also needs a copy of the death certificate with necessary information duly filled in by an attending doctor in stipulated pro forma. Besides, the department also needs the municipal corporation's body donation pass. One of the PMC centre is located on the premises of Sassoon hospital. The department accepts body on working days between 10 am and 5 pm. In case of death on holidays or before 10 am or after 5 pm, the relatives can keep the body at the mortuary of the forensic medicine department at BJ Medical College. Details are available on 020-26128000 (ext:297/307)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15114656", "title": "\u2018No BRT\u2019 report elitist: Govt", "text": "NEW DELHI: Faced with the prospect of the experimental BRT corridor being scrapped, Delhi government on Monday targeted both CRRI and its report which had said that mixed lane usage or the \"no BRT\" option was the best. Dubbing the report \"elitist\", it took on car users.\"The anger and arrogance of cars may not be permitted to wipe out the fragile protection for common good,\" the government stated in its affidavit submitted before Delhi High Court, calling the report \"unconstitutional\".It added that \"even if cars on the BRT corridor during peak hours are running at a slower speed, the concept of BRT has achieved the largest good of the largest number...right of people above rights of vehicles\" and blamed CRRI for ignoring the central objective of BRT - buses should travel faster.Appearing for the government, senior advocate K T S Tulsi questioned the research methodology adopted by CRRI and quoted from the affidavit that claimed CRRI was neither an expert agency for traffic management, nor does it have any expertise in designing a public transport system. Tulsi said CRRI's only concern was the problems faced by car users and not bus users who form the majority. \"Is a poor person who doesn't own a car not entitled to travel fast?\" Tulsi argued, prompting a division bench, comprising Acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw, to remark, \"you can't jump to conclusions on the basis of the report, a balance has to be drawn.\"Tulsi contended CRRI had adopted a completely irrational approach. \"For them, a poor person is not entitled to travel fast. The value of time for poor is less important for them. Bus users are non-persons to them as they have not taken the opinion of the bus users while conducting the trial run for mixed vehicles on the corridor\" the senior lawyer said, urging HC to rope in Environmental Protection and Conservation Authority (EPCA) and other agencies, including DIMTS.B B Sharan, president of NGO Nyaybhoomi, opposed the Delhi government's stand, pointing out though it says it wants to encourage shift to public transport by car users, it has failed to provide the minimum required infrastructure in the form of proper bus stops and crossing points. He described the affidavit as a \"delaying tactic\" and cited a parliamentary committee report that termed BRT a failure. He further urged the bench to initiate contempt of court proceedings against the transport department officials for not complying with its earlier order which had said the corridor should be opened for mixed vehicle use.HC has now listed the case for extended hearings on August 13 and 14.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15115175", "title": "\u2018Dewatering pumps don\u2019t work, but more planned\u2019", "text": "Though the city is far from experiencing the full force of monsoon, the BMC seems to be planning well in advance for floods. In the upcoming standing committee meeting on Wednesday, corporators will decide upon a proposal for additional dewatering pumps worth Rs 26 lakh for areas prone to waterlogging.The BMC has already spent about Rs 11 crore on 222 dewatering pumps, which are installed at various spots in the city. The opposition has slammed the ruling combine for bringing in the proposal. MNS group leader Dilip Lande said, \"Most of the installed pumps are not working. Also, contractors' personnel operating them are not well-trained . So, the new pumps will be a waste of public money.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15114476", "title": "Woman commits suicide after jumping off fourth floor of mall", "text": "JAIPUR: A 36-year old married woman committed suicide by jumping off the fourth floor of the Jhotwara based Triton mall on Monday afternoon. This is probably the first case when a suicide like this was witnessed in the pink city.Hundreds of people who came for shopping and eating at the mall were stunned when they witnessed the woman jumping off from the fourth floor and fell down on the basement of the mall..The deceased was identified as Meena Sharma who came to the mall at 1 pm and was seen roaming around the third and fifth floor of the mall. Before anyone could understand the woman stood up to the railing and fell off, police said. She is a housewife and her husband Vinod Sharma is a manager with the state bank of India's Sanganeri gate situated branch.\"Her head hit the floor and she sustained grave head injury and succumbed on the spot,\" said a senior police officer who rushed to the spot after the incident.Soon after the incident the on duty security staff of the mall intimated the Jhotwara police about it.\"The CCTV footage suggested that the woman was roaming around the mall just like a ordinary customer. CCTV also has the footage of the time when the woman actually jumped off,\" said a staff of the Triton Mall.Police have also recovered a suicide note from the purse that belonged to the woman in which the deceased has not implicated anybody behind her stern step.\"She has not implicated anyone behind the stern step as she has said that she is coming suicide by her own will and nobody should be held responsible for it after her death,\" said a police officer from Jhotwara police station.Panic stuck customers especially at the coffee shop which is on the basement of the mall where the woman fell down started running out of the mall.\"We were having coffee. Suddenly we heard a loud thud and what we saw was nothing less than a nightmare,\" said Shalini Vashishtha who came along with her family.The primary investigations suggested that the woman left her Bani Park situated home at 10.30 am. She was in conversation with husband until she jumped off.\"She was roaming around at the fifth floor of the mall for almost half-an-hour before she actually jumped off. Her suicide note says nobody is responsible for his action,\" said Yogesh Goyal, additional deputy commissioner of police (west).According to the police the woman's last call on the cellphone was to her husband Vinod. Police is considering it to be a matter of family feud but is also investigating if there was some instant abetment of suicide in the matter.Soonafter the incident the woman's body was rushed to the Kanwatia hospital in Shastri Nagar. Her post mortem could not be done till the late evening as the police was awaiting her parents before that.Box - After the woman jumped off her cellphone kept ringing. The police on the spot picked it up and the caller introduced himself as Vinod Sharma the husband of the woman. \"What happened to her,\" asked Sharma. The police asked him to immediately rush to the mall and informed him about the tragedy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15114206", "title": "Police finally register case of missing girl", "text": "MUMBAI: Khar police have registered a kidnapping case against a woman who had convinced a seven-year-old girl to go along with her. The police suspect that the woman may be the girl's biological mother.Last Thursday, the woman went to the girl, Saniya's school and picked her up.The girl's father, Naushad Sheikh, approached the police in the evening when his daughter did not return home. The police did not entertain his complaint stating that it was a family dispute. The police claimed that they were sure that the girl left along with her biological mother.Naushad had separated from his first wife and their daughter was living with him. He recently remarried.The police said that after Naushad told them about the incident they enquired about the event and concluded that it was Naushad's first wife who had picked the girl from the school.The police did not register the offence for an investigation and had not made any efforts to trace the girl, it was alleged. After Naushad's allegation the police registered the kidnapping case on Monday.The police said that they would soon trace the girl and unite the victim with her father.A senior police officer has ordered an enquiry to find out the alleged negligence of the Khar police officers at the initial stage of handling the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15115243", "title": "Indira Awas camps on July 28", "text": "PATNA: District Magistrate (DM), Patna, Sanjay Kumar Singh on Monday said as per the directive of the state government, Indira Awas camps would be organized at every block of the district on July 28.The DM said the beneficiaries would be handed over passbooks at the camps. He added those living in far-flung areas are not aware of different schemes run by different departments for their welfare and hence are unable to benefit from them.The DM directed chief medical officer, executive engineers of PHED, Patna east and west district programme officer, district panchayati raj officer, district welfare officer, assistant director, social security and district statistical officer to ensure that people get information about different schemes related to population control, sanitation programme, projects related to safe drinking water and social welfare by their proper advertisement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15114795", "title": "Decade-old cathedral in a shambles", "text": "MYSORE: The St Philomena's cathedral, one of the South Asia's largest cathedrals and the city's distinctive landmark, seems to be in a shambles due to lack of maintenance.The cathedral is a must-visit spot in the itinerary of tourists visiting Mysore.The plaster is crumbling off the wall and the roof is leaking. About four dozen tube lights, nine CCTVs, amplifiers and UPS system were destroyed due to short circuit in January this year. The electricity cables are nearly seven-decade-old and there is an urgent need to replace them. Even draining pipes are old and narrow and it is blocking free flow of rainwater, thus resulting in seepage. The structure is yet to get complete whitewash and the stained glass requires attention too. \"We are leaving no stone unturned to conserve the seven-decade-old structure, but to no vain,\" claims its parish priest Rev Fr K A William.William said since three years, they have been fighting to get funds from the government. Even the tourism and heritage departments and the local civic body have turned down their proposal, he said.Former chief ministers B S Yeddyurappa and D V Sadananda Gowda too had promised funds for its renovation, but all assurances still remain on paper.The priest claimed that they have not accepted Rs 10 lakh sanctioned previous month by the government as it is difficult for them to take up any work with the amount. They require Rs 5 crore for renovation and it may not be possible for them to raise funds from its members.Many a time, we have contacted the people at the helm of affair and successive governments, but so far there has been no positive response. The previous government has released a small amount under the minority welfare scheme, but it is not enough for scaffolding poles. We require minimum Rs 3 crore to protect it, said Most Rev Thomas A Vazhapilly, bishop of Mysore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15114742", "title": "Common Entrance Test 2012 admission round kicks off", "text": "BANGALORE: The CET 2012 option entry process, which commenced on July 12, concluded at 6am Monday with 56508 students entering their choices, according to the Karnataka Examination Authority. The allotment for the admission round began soon after that.Based on options entered by candidates in order of merit and as per the roster system, seats will be allotted to students as per the seat matrix for medical, dental, ISM&H;, engineering and architecture courses. The details on seat allotment will be available on the KEA website on July 25. From July 26 to July 30, candidates can go ahead with the next four set of choices.A candidate satisfied with the allotted seat and willing to report to the college should take a printout and report to helpline centres where their documents will be verified, take the admission order and report to the college. They must report to KEA that they have joined.Those candidates who wish to participate in the next round of options should follow the correct process as outlined on the website. If a candidate fails to exercise any of the four choices, the seat allotted will be cancelled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "15115609", "title": "Mother, daughter killed in road accident in Bahraich", "text": "BAHRAICH: A mother and her infant daughter were crushed to death by a truck on Nanpara-Bahraich road. The deceased were identified as Kusuma Devi (20) and her daughter Gudia (4months). Kusuma's brother Ramesh, who riding the bike, was injured in the accident. The accident occurred when the biker tried to overtake the truck. The police have sent the bodies for postmortem while Ramesh was admitted to CHC Nanpara. The truck driver is absconding. The police have seized the truck.Ratneshgiri (22) was going on a bike laong with his sister Kusuma and his niece Gudia (4months) and another relative Rahul. When the bike reached near bridge on Nanpara-Bahraich road, a speedy truck coming from behind hit the bike. Rahul fell far away while Kusuma and Gudiya came under the wheels of the truck and died on the spot.Drowned: A youth drowned in Puraina miner of Saryu canal. The police have recovered the body and sent it for postmortem. Bhawani (25) resident of Khadpurwa village under Payagpur police station went out of the house in the morning and reached near the bank of puraina miner and fell down in Bhawani canal, he raised alarm for the help and the villagers nearby rushed to the spot but he had drowned and died by then. On the information the station officer of Payagpur police sttaion reached the spot and with the help of the local divers recovered the dead body from the canal.Killed: An old woman was crushed to death while crossing the railway track near the eastern outer signal of Payagpur on Gona-Mailani division. According to the police Lav Kush (80) resident of Kandhikuinyan village under Payagpur police station went outside her house for the loo and came under a goods train going to Gonda When she was crossing railway track on Gonda-Mailani division.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15115669", "title": "Molestation was spontaneous: Accused", "text": "He had contacted his family members and friends from a PCO. On the basis of these calls, Assam police had alerted the Varanasi police and had been providing regular updates on Kalita. During interrogation, Kalita told the Varanasi police he was drunk at the time of the incident.Later in the evening, producing Kalita before media Varanasi SSP B D Paulson said that during interrogation, Kalita revealed that after knowing that he had been made main accused in molestation case, he fled from Guwahati and reached Bhubaneshwar. Thereafter he continued travelling to other parts of the country, including Mumbai, Thane, Ahmedabad, Howrah and Barabanki before reaching Varanasi.Paulson said that the driving licence of Kalita, who is a survey technician in a private company, had been seized. Kalita repeatedly said that the incident was not pre-planned, but was spontaneous. The SSP said that a team of Guwahati police would reach Varanasi by Tuesday afternoon to take him with them on remand.On July 9 evening, a mob led by Kalita had molested a 17-year-old girl in Guwahati. The girl was later rescued by some passers-by. The incident was caught on camera and went viral on the net. The incident triggered widespread protests in the state. Posters of the accused were put up across Guwahati.Assam police had arrested 12 accused but the main accused Kalita was on the run. Assam police had announced a reward of Rs one lakh on him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15114608", "title": "Rajasthan High Court seeks details of panel on fee hike", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan High Court has asked the state government to suggest the composition and framework of the ad-hoc committee for regulation of fee hike by private schools every year.A division bench of Chief Justice Arun Mishra and Justice N K Jain (senior) came down heavily on the state government for not following its directions since 2006 to constitute a non-government educational institutions fee regulatory commission. \"The excuse given that the bill is pending with the law department is of no recourse as we found that the government is guilty of misleading the court at several occasion in this matter. It is a matter of grave contempt of court,\" observed justice Mishra.The matter was being heard following a bunch of petitions seeking implementation of recommendations given by a committee formed by the court to suggest check on arbitrary hike of fee by private schools headed by Justice P K Tiwari (retd).The committee recommended a regulatory authority like the one in Tamil Nadu. State government counsel N N Naqvi told the court that the bill is pending for vetting before the law department and it will take time to be enacted. A stop-gap arrangement may be made by forming an ad-hoc committee headed by a retired high court judge.Taking note of the suggestion, the court asked the state government to suggest the composition of the committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "15114971", "title": "West Bengal man reunited with wife after 17 years in Amritsar", "text": "AMRITSAR: For almost 17 years, 38-year-old Protima from West Bengal's Burdwan district never missed wearing vermillion and mangalsutra as she believed that her missing husband, Subodh Ravidas, would return home even when her family presumed him dead.Her faith finally paid off as she was finally reunited with Ravidas on Monday after he was traced to an Amritsar mental asylum, where he had been admitted in 2007 following his repatriation from Pakistan after spending 12 years in prison there. His family was contacted after he regained his memory after years of treatment. But he is yet to recollect how he ended up in Pakistan all the way from West Bengal.\"See the power of faith in sindoor and mangalsutara. I have got my husband back about whom everyone used to say that he has died,\" Protima told TOI as she fought back her tears after embracing her husband. ``Nobody knew his whereabouts so everyone in the family presumed that he had died and advised me not to wear vermillion and mangalsutra.''Ravidas, a cobbler, immediately recognized his wife and took her name. \"I do not know how happy I felt when my husband recognized me even after such a long time,\" said Protima.Amritsar's Institute of Mental Health director Dr B L Goyal said he was among 19 mentally ill patients admitted to the institute for treatment on August 14, 2007. ``Ravidas had lost his sense of time and distance and did not even know his name.''He said Ravidas started remembering his past after treatment. \"Sometimes back he told us his name, village and wife's name and on that basis we took up the issue with Resident Commissioner of West Bengal in Delhi, who confirmed that he belonged to West Bengal and an FIR was registered after he had gone missing,\" said Dr Goyal.He said it was difficult to trace Ravidas's family as his name was mentioned as Amritsar-resident Shambu in their records. ``It was due to medical treatment that he recovered his lost memory which helped us trace his whereabouts in West Bengal,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15114452", "title": "LG clears Delhi Police reshuffle", "text": "NEW DELHI: A major reshuffle in Delhi Police involving four senior officers was approved by lieutenant governor Tejendra Khanna on Monday.Vimla Mehra, a 1978-batch officer, who was serving as special commissioner of police (security) will now take charge as director general prisons. The post was earlier held by Delhi's new police commissioner Neeraj Kumar. Mehra is expected to join office on Tuesday, said officials.P N Aggarwal, a 1981 IPS batch officer, will replace Mehra. He was earlier serving as the special commissioner at the special cell.Another senior IPS officer, S N Srivastava of the 1985 batch, has replaced Aggarwal and has been posted as special commissioner of police (special cell). He was earlier serving as special commissioner of police (training).Also, additional commissioner of police Ashok Chand, who was posted in crime branch, has now been shifted to special cell with the same designation. A 1998 IPS officer, Chand is heading the investigations against terrorist Abu Jundal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15115157", "title": "Will Rs 980 crore really pave the way for smoother rides?", "text": "It doesn't come as a surprise when the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) announces mega projects worth hundreds of crores. But it certainly evokes feelings of cynicism about how the money would be spent. Experts say the stakes are too high for the BMC's Rs 980-crore plans for Mumbai's roads. The project is so expensive that the civic body just cannot afford it to fail. TOI spoke to experts, who have come up with a seven-point guideline for the BMC so that the condition of roads can be improved.To begin with, the civic body immediately needs to put an end to the \"rule of contractors\" . TOI has repeatedly highlighted how a few contractors have been bagging all municipal road contracts since 1989, when road upgrades began. Last year, the nine firms chosen for major road projects quoted bids way below the BMC's schedule of rates, making it impossible to carry out projects as per desired quality standards.N V Merani, chairman, standing technical advisory committee (STAC), told TOI, \"The BMC should review the performance of those who were given the contracts last time. If they failed to perform or stick to the guidelines , they need to be downgraded.\"With each passing year, the size and cost of road projects increase. From Rs 502 crore in 2010-11 , it rose to Rs 713 crore in 2011-12 and to Rs 1,466 crore in 2012-13 . TOI has reported on the lack of adequate staffing in the BMC's roads department. STAC, too, has pointed out that a lack of enough staff affects the quality of work. \"The focus should be on capacity-building and not just on increasing project size,\" said Merani.Delay in securing traffic permissions has caused a lot of delay in completing past road projects. Last year's major and minor projects are yet to be completed. \"Before handing out the work order or proceeding with the road project, the civic body should take clearances from the traffic department . They need to have an idea about work carried out by other agencies ,\" said a former roads department chief engineer.Times ViewThis project is too expensive to failA plan , which is worth Rs 980 crore, cannot afford to fail. That's why it's imperative that the BMC does not repeat the old mistakes that break up Mumbai's roads every monsoon. Experts should be involved and their suggestions heeded before the project is implemented; and citizens and ALMs should be involved in periodic audits that are essential to monitor the progress of the project. Rs 980 crore is too much to let go down the drain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "kohima", "code": "15115077", "title": "Nagaland CM, Congress fete Pranab as President", "text": "KOHIMA: Nagaland chief minister Neiphiu Rio , leader of the opposition Neiphiu Rioand the Nagaland Pradesh Congress Committee (NPCC) have congratulated the President elect of India, Pranab Mukherjee.In a official release, the chief minister said: \"Your landside victory is an indication of the faith the people of this great nation repose in you to hold the highest office in the land.\"Further, Rio said the victory is an indication that Mukherjee was being rewarded for the sterling quality of public service he had rendered and the exemplary personal sacrifices he'd made for the nation during his long active political career.\"The office of Rashtrapati is the most befitting one for you to conclude your long and distinguished career as one of the most successful and respected political activist of our time,\" the message added. Congratulating the President elect, leader of the opposition Tokheho Yepthomi said that the massive win goes to the credit of the UPA government and to Mukherjee, who enjoys a good rapport with parliamentarians cutting across party lines.He also reiterated his appreciation of Rio and state minister for urban development and NPF president Dr Shurhozelie for leading the NPF-led DAN legislators to vote in favour of Pranab Mukherjee. Stating that the presidential win is befitting of a man of Mukherjee's stature who has contributed immensely in various capacities to the party and the government in an illustrious political career spanning over five decades, Yepthomi wished him a fine innings as the 13th President of India.NPCC president SI Jamir also felicitated Pranab Mukherjee for winning the presidential elections by a thumping majority and wished him a fruitful tenure at Rashtrapati Bhavan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "15115535", "title": "Demand for power on the rise again in Punjab", "text": "PATIALA: The rain-drenched days managed to keep power cuts at bay just for some time but the situation is back where it was. With days getting warm and humid again, demand is up and so are the erratic breaks in electricity supply.Power demand has reached 2,120 lakh units (LUs) but PSPCL can supply just 1,837LUs, thus causing a shortage of 263LUs. According to sources, 478LUs are generated in the thermal power stations,178LUs are supplied via hydel generation, 142LUs are supplied by the Bhakhra-Beas management board, 386LUs come from the Central pool, 160LUs through banking arrangements. Authorities say they have been purchasing 483LUs from various places.Though the authorities claim they are doing their best to keep up with the ever-rising demand, people and businessmen are annoyed. Shopkeeper Sukhwant Singh said: \"Six to eight hour cuts are imposed and we do not understand why must we suffer. PSPCL has failed to arrange electricity.\"Before the start of the paddy season, PSPCL officers had assessed a 10% increase in power demand, instead the rise was 20%.To ensure an uninterrupted supply in the paddy season between June 10 to October 15, PSPCL has made plans to purchase 32,000 lakh units (LUs) power from other states, at the cost of around Rs 130 crore.PSPCL CMD K D Chaudhary said, \"We have requested the northern grid to increase our power drawing limit as we are ready to pay but their reply is awaited.\"Sources said that during 2011, PSPCL had purchased power at the rate of Rs 3.92 per unit and in total spent around Rs 115 crore. But this year, the authorities would purchase power at the rate of Rs 4 per unit through the Central Body Power Trading Corporation from other states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "sydney", "code": "15117931", "title": "Anonymous hacks Australian government websites", "text": "SYDNEY: Notorious internet hacking group Anonymous has claimed that it has taken at least ten Australian government websites offline.The Australian arm of the group warned that it will continue the attacks on \".gov.au\" sites until plans to force ISPs to store user data and make it further available to security services are shelved.The hackers said the attacks were in response to changes being discussed by the Parliamentary Joint Committee on Intelligence and Security (PJCIS), News.com.au reports.The proposed security expansions would mean everything from social networking to emails would be monitored and stored for up to two years, and intelligence agencies would be given increased access to sites such as Facebook and Twitter.According to the report, the attacks started after Prime Minister Julia Gillard answered policy questions via webcam in an online Google+ Hangout session on Saturday.But the sites targeted so far are all run by the Queensland State Government, the report said.Anonymous Australia said that the attacks were brought forward to coincide with Gillard's online Q and A session and it had raised the privacy concerns with the PM earlier on a Twitter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "kokrajhar (assam)", "code": "15118173", "title": "Fresh incidents of violence in Assam, toll rises to 21", "text": "KOKRAJHAR (ASSAM): Fresh incidents of violence were on Tuesday reported in Kokrajhar and Chirang districts even as clashes between Bodo tribals and minority immigrants spread to Bongaigaon district.Police said indefinite curfew was on in Kokrajhar district while night curfew would continue in Chirang and Dhubri districts. 21 people have been killed in ethnic violence.Thousands of people have been rendered homeless with most of them taking shelter in government-run relief camps in Kokrajhar while in Chirang they have taken shelter in schools and local club buildings.Chief minister Tarun Gogoi has directed senior ministers Nilamani Sen Deka and Prithivi Majhi to rush to Kokrajhar on Tuesday while an all-party delegation is scheduled to visit the troubled areas on Wednesday.The violence was triggered by the firing on two student leaders who were critically injured - Mohibul Islam of All Bodoland Minority Students' Union (ABMSU) and Abdul Siddique Sheikh of All Assam Minority Students' Union (AAMSU) in Kokrajhar.In a retaliatory attack, four former Bodo Liberation Tigers cadres were killed on Friday night in the district and this led to further attacks and counter-attacks resulting in the deaths.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15114649", "title": "Expertspeak", "text": "* We can save at least 1 crore lives every year, if state governments implement the ban on sale of tobacco products. Governments must spread awareness about the drawbacks of tobacco consumption.Dr US Vishal Rao | oncologist and director, cancer prevention project, institute of public health* The government should impose a high tax on smokeless tobacco products so that products become costly and people stop buying it. Gutka is sold at Re 1 which even the poor can afford. Users must stop buying these products -- only then will the ban be a 100% success.Dr M Vijayakumar | director, kidwai memorial institute of oncology* The drive against tobacco products must be part of the state's health programme. It should be jointly implemented by the health and family welfare department as well as medical education department. The MBBS curriculum must include chapters on implementation of a ban on tobacco products.Dr C Ramesh | professor and head, epidemiology, kidwai memorial institute of oncology* The government should first notify products containing tobacco and nicotine as the Union government's notification. We need political will to bring in a law which can curb the sale of tobacco products in Karnataka. The government should take steps so that tobacco products do not reach minors and youths.Dr Upendra Bhojani | member, consortium for tobacco control, karnataka", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15115413", "title": "Renew civic property lease contracts as per market rates: NGO", "text": "PUNE: City-based Sajag Nagrik Manch has demanded that the PMC recover dues worth Rs 17 crore from lessees who have occupied civic properties and renew the lease contract as per the market rates.Vivek Velankar and Vishwas Sahastrabuddhe said that the PMC has not put in any efforts to recover dues from those who have occupied civic properties.At present, the civic land lease policy bans the PMC from selling its properties, but allows it to lease the property for 30 years. The PMC has allotted many of its properties, including open spaces.Activists allege that most properties were leased to organisations and people with connections to corporators and politicians.In 2003, RTI activist Vijay Kumbhar approached the high court which ordered that civic properties be leased only through a tendering system.The civic body owns about 3,500 properties reserved for hospitals, community halls, libraries, schools and other amenities.Many properties have been leased out for various purposes, but there is no system in place to check whether the properties are being used for the purposes they have been leased for. The PMC has not recovered the rent from hundreds of properties for several years.The PMC has about 150 properties at prime locations in the city. Some politicians have taken these properties for years on a nominal rent. Some have taken properties at prime locations like Deccan Gymkhana which is being exploited for commercial purposes while the rent is a pittance.\"The PMC has not renewed contracts of 230 commercial hubs, 808 residential quarters and 1,491 open spaces. If the PMC renews the contract the civic body could fetch more than Rs 50 crore as rent. But the municipal commissioner says that he has no manpower to do so. This is unfortunate,\" said Velankar.BOXA former MLA and a former mayor's trust has occupied two halls in a school building since 2005 and have not paid rents since then, alleged MNS corporator Babu Wagaskar.He said, \"The former MLA and her husband who is former mayor have illegally occupied two halls in a civic school and are using these halls for commercial purpose. They owe Rs 1 crore to the corporation. After I registered a complaint, the PMC on Monday asked them to pay the rent and vacate the place.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15114400", "title": "Lakshman Seth aides get bail, FIR against wife", "text": "KOLKATA: Six days after former CPM MP Lakshman Seth stepped out of Alipore jail, Calcutta high court on Monday granted bail to two other senior CPM leaders - Amiya Sau and Ashok Guria. Like Seth, they too were asked not to enter East Midnapore and meet the CID investigating officer thrice a week. The state has already moved the Supreme Court against the bail order granted in favour of Seth.Interestingly, on the same day, the Haldia Development Authority (HDA) lodged an FIR against Seth's wife - and Haldia Municipality chairman - Tamalika Panda Seth.A division bench comprising Justice Ashim Kumar Roy and Justice Toufique Uddin granted bail to Sau and Guria on a bond of Rs 50,000 each. The court barred them from entering East Midnapore and to appear before the investigating officer thrice a week.The three had been arrested by the CID from a guest house in Mumbai on March 17. Sau and Guria have spent 139 days in custody and the court held that since the chargesheet has already been filed, tampering with evidence is not relevant any more.On July 18, the state government moved the Supreme Court against the HC order granting bail to Seth. The former Haldia strongman, along with 87 others, had been indicted by CID for their alleged involvement in the November, 2007, Nandigram recapture bid - dubbed \"Operation Surjyodyay\" - to free Nandigram from the stranglehold of Trinamool-backed BUPC.Meanwhile, the HDA lodged an FIR against Tamalika, alleging that the Haldia Municipality chairperson in 2009, she'd had leased out an HDA plot for five years for just Rs 2.5 lakh per year, flouting law.HDA alleges the land documents were forged to allow this lease. The HDA is headed by Trinamool MP Subhendu Adhikari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15114376", "title": "Flyover exit ramp may be ready before pujas", "text": "KOLKATA: The one-way exit ramp from AJC Bose Road flyover will probably be thrown open to vehicles before the pujas. But the news drew more frowns than smiles. This is because, not only did the 420-meter ramp take more time to be constructed in comparison to the 2448-meter long flyover, but it also costs more. Though initially, the cost of building the ramp stood at Rs 18 crore, the delay has led to a cost overrun of Rs 10 crore.Finally, the one-way exit ramp from AJC Bose Road flyover would be thrown open for vehicles before puja. But the ramp raised more eye-brows than the hope of smoothening the traffic flows. 420 meter exit ramp not took more time than the 2448 meter long flyover, but also cost more than the flyover. Originally conceived to have been built with the 18 crore, the time-overrun led to massive cost-overrun worth Rs 10 crore.While the construction cost for the flyover, when it was thrown open for use in 2003, was Rs 5,71, 895 per meter, that of the exit ramp was higher by nearly Rs 1 lakh and stood at Rs 6,58,823 per meter. The ramp was being constructed under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM). But the Centre has already refused to bear the extra cost of Rs 10 crore.The construction cost of 2448 meter long AJC Bose Road flyover was Rs 140 crore when it was thrown open for vehicular traffic in 2003. In case of AJC Bose Road flyover, construction cost per meter was Rs 5,71, 895. But in case of its exit ramp the per meter cost was Rs 6,58,823. The cost for the exit ramp was higher by nearly Rs 1 lakh per meter in case of the short exit ramp.To make matters worse, the exit ramp, built to ease the rush of Sealdah-bound vehicles, will give rise to more traffic snarls, feel engineers. The huge load of Sealdah-bound vehicles, expected to be at least 7,000 per hour during the peak hours, along the exit ramp will paralyse traffic at the AJC Bose Road and Theatre Road (Shakespeare Sarani) crossing. Since it will be very difficult to disperse all the vehicles in the single signal cycle, the residue volume (which could not cross the signal in one cycle) will get bigger.The exit-ramp, which has been built to create a short-cut for Sealdah bound vehicles, would pose more problem than being a solution. The huge rush of Sealdah bound vehicle along the exit ramp would paralyse AJC Bose Road and Theatre Road (Shakespeare Sarani) crossing. Being constructed under Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JnNURM), the Centre has already refused to bear the overrun cost of Rs 10 crore.Once the exit-ramp will be thrown open to at least 7,000 Sealdah bound vehicles per hour during the peak time. They will zip past the chaos below on the surface road. A huge volume of traffic will gather closed to the AJC Bose Road -Theatre Road crossing where the ramp ends in a short period of time. Since it will be very difficult to disperse all the vehicles in single signal cycle, the residue volume (which could not cross the signal in one cycle) will get bigger and bigger.This volume will increase by the day, particularly during peak hours and may lead to complete collapse of traffic at Shakespeare Sarani crossing, said a senior traffic police officer. Police have carried out a traffic volume study. \"As the residue traffic gets longer, the tail of the traffic will be on the ramp and also on the flyover, affecting the overall flyover traffic movement. So the exit ramp is going to be a disaster,\" admitted an officer.So far, the Sealdah-bound traffic on AJC Bose Road crosses many signals and slowly reaches Shakespeare Sarani. Usually it takes at least 17 minutes to cross the stretch on the surface road. The volume of traffic, gathered at the crossing, hence gets cleared in single signal cycle. On the flyover, the entire volume of Sealdah-bound traffic will take only a few minutes to reach the crossing.In order to reduce intervention of traffic, the transport department had originally planned a much longer ramp which would cross over Shakespeare Sarani and Park Street crossing. Longer ramp would have reduced intervention with the traffic below.But owing to financial constraints, the length was shortened so that it could be commissioned under the shorter version of it for commissioning underJNNURM scheme. \"The planning is marked by ad hocism and shortsightedness. It would have been better if the ramp was longer. This will affect both the Sealdah-bound south-north vehicles as well as the east-west vehicles plying along Shakespeare Sarani,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15114865", "title": "Scholarship demand: All India Trade Union Congress to support beedi workers", "text": "MANGALORE: All India Trade Union Congress (AITUC) announced on Monday that it may lay siege to the office of deputy commissioner here on July 26 to press for various demands of the beedi workers. The demands include delay in release of scholarship amount to the children of beedi workers for the past three years and a move to shift the onus of distributing scholarships from the office of commissioner for beedi workers welfare to the department of education.HV Ananatha Subba Rao, general secretary of AITUC, told reporters here that authorities concerned have reduced the number of beneficiaries eligible for scholarships from the academic year 2009-10. Nearly 75% of the beedi workers' children are not receiving the scholarship, he said, adding that the problem has aggravated ever since it was decided to credit the scholarship amount into the joint account of the student and their parents.The state government is now contemplating to vest the responsibility of distributing the scholarship to the education department on grounds that the number of beneficiaries is increasing every year.Observing that a majority of beedi workers were found in the coastal districts of DK and Udupi, he said, it would be ideal if the commissioner's office was located in this region. The government must come up with a fixed calendar and ensure timely payment of scholarships to the children of beedi workers. The move to deny scholarships to children below 14 years, citing free and compulsory education guaranteed under Right to Education Act, is 'anti-education', he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15118223", "title": "Scarlet Wilson is in demand !", "text": "Even before the completion of a raunchy song 'Gavore...Nachoro' on the beach side of Mangalore for 'Mahanadhi' the sexy Scarlet Wilson was invited for another song number in 'Prem Adda' that had even contacted Sunny Leone.Scarlet Wilson the British model made her debut in Shanghai with an item song. In Kannada cinema Mahanadhi the sensuous Sanjaana was beaten by Scarlet Wilson in the peppy song with revealing costumes. The shooting for the song in Prem Adda took place at some undisclosed place in Mandya. The song was shot at night so as to avoid any crisis or fan frenzy.'Gavore..Nachore' song was penned by Anandapriya. Sundarnath Suvarana is the cameraman; AM Neel has scored the music.Director of Prem Adda Mahesh Babu was upset with the top Hindi film stars demanding Rs.1 crore for an item song in Kannada. Producer of the film Meka Muralikrishna is glad that Scarlet will do the song for less than half a crore. Prem Adda is releasing in September this year. Source: filmglitz.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15115580", "title": "Two-day meet on pre-schooling begins today", "text": "RANCHI: The importance of pre-school education could be understood from the fact that drop out rate of children in primary classes is high where there is no provision or opportunity for children in the 3-6 age group to attend pre-school classes. Understanding the importance, Right to Education Act, 2009 under Section 11 asks both the Union and state governments to make necessary arrangements to provide free pre-school education for the children above three years.To further understand the role of pre-school education, the initiatives taken by the Jharkhand government and share the success stories of districts, the Jharkhand chapter of Unicef in association with department of social welfare women and child development is organizing a two-day national conference beginning Tuesday. Academicians, experts, officials of Union government and representatives of Unicef, Unesco , NCERT and NGOs working in the field would be attending the conference.Working with Unicef, the Jharkhand government has developed a curriculum for early childhood care education (ECCE) and another course for diploma in ECCE for teacher's training. The Jharkhand Education Project Council, on the other hand, has come up with a pre-school kit for the children named 'Ankur'. The kit is meant for children coming to Class 1 in the 5-6 age group.In yet another initiative, the JEPC in association with Unicef is trying to improve quality of care and education in the anganwadi and balwadi centres operational in different parts of the state. While 1,200 schools and anganwadi centres have been linked by the council for smooth transition of children from care centre to schools plans are on cards to extend this programme to 2400 schools in the current year.Addressing the media secretary, welfare, women and child development, Mridula Sinha said Jharkhand was hosting the two-day conference to bring focus over the subject. \"Though some initiatives have been taken by the state government, much needs to be done to improve the quality of care and education among pre-primary children,\" she said.According to Unicef figures there are about 38 lakh children in Jharkhand in the 0-6 age group out of which 22 lakh are in the 3-6 age group. Rough estimates show that around 13 lakh children which is 60% of the total number of children in the 3-6 age group attend some sort of pre-school in anganwadi and balwadi centres or kindergarten schools. \"There are many children who directly enroll in schools without getting an opportunity to attend pre-schools,\" said an official working with the Unicef.Sinha stressed that drop out rate of children could be managed effectively by strengthen the pre-school infrastructure and system in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15114186", "title": "Hyderabad mantris take on Kiran Kumar Reddy over Polavaram", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a classic instance of how the Kiran Kumar Reddy government functions, two of his senior minister addressed a joint press conference on Monday alleging 'deviation of norms in the shortlisting of two companies' for the Polavaram dam. They publicly urged the chief minister to cancel the tendering process something they could have done in private if they felt so strongly on the matter. But astute observers said that the real target of the two ministers -both from Hyderabad -was Kiran Kumar himself. Thus going public was to publicly demonstrate that he did not inspire awe.Addressing the media, labour minister Danam Nagender and marketing minister Mukesh Goud said two consortiums - Soma Constructions-CGCA and Southern Engineering Works (SEW) Infrastructure Ltd-Patel were shortlisted to execute the works of the mega project in the price bids that were opened last Friday. \"If the tenders are finalized in favour of any one of the shortlisted companies, the government will lose Rs 500 crore as per the present estimates. Apart from this, the companies have been qualified erroneously. We have already written to the empowered committee and the chief minister. I hope the CM will cancel the tendering process,\" Danam said.When asked why they were opposing the shortlisting of companies done by their own government's irrigation department, Danam told TOI: \"It will be too late by the time we raise the matter in the cabinet because the tender process can be finalized by then.\"While the cost of the Polavaram project is estimated at Rs 4717 crore, in the present bid, Soma quoted Rs 4,599.99 crore and SEW Rs 4,653.99 crore for the tenders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15114899", "title": "Diamond companies creating tobacco-free workforce", "text": "SURAT: Tobacco consumption exposes one to manifold health risks is a known fact. However, its addiction can also make one vulnerable to job loss like in Surat where a few big diamond companies have begun firing their employees who smoked or chewed tobacco.Jagdish Patel (name changed), a skilled diamond worker employed with Shree Ramkrishna Export, a leading Diamond Trading Sightholder (DTC) was fired recently. He was a competent worker but yet lost his job as he was not able to do away with his bad habit of chewing 'mawa' (betel nut, tobacco and lime).Govind Dholakiya, chairman, Shree Ramkrishna Export, says, \"A person not addicted to smoking or chewing pan, gutkha or tobacco performs his or her duties in far more efficient way than those who are addicted. We have received many letters from the family members of our workers once addicted to tobacco as how their family lives have changed.\"Dholakiya started tobacco de-addiction drive in his factory a decade ago. \"We started frisking the pockets of employees randomly during the week. If anyone was caught chewing tobacco then he would be asked to write an apology. If the same person repeated the mistake then he was asked to leave the factory,\" said Dholakiya, who employs 6000 people, who are free from tobacco addiction.The diamond industry employs about 4.5 lakh workers and another 6 lakh people are directly or indirectly associated with the industry. Diamond workers of Blue Star group, a leading diamond company in the world, are frisked on a daily basis. If anyone is caught with tobacco, he has to pay fine amounting to Rs 500 on the spot and an assurance in writing that he will not chew tobacco or gutkha.\"Diamond workers and top management workers are there on the factory premises for 12 hours and they get lunch, tea and even breakfast there. This 12-hour is enough to make a person leave his bad habits of chewing tobacco,\" said Ashit Mehta, chairman of Blue Star group, which employs over 4,000 workers.Sevantibhai Shah, chairman, Venus Jewels, told TOI, \"You will find not a single person in our factory who is addicted to tobacco in any form. A prospective employee is informed well before his joining about this rule and he is inducted in the company only after he agrees in writing to not consume tobacco.\"Dholakiya said,\"The efficiency of our workers have increased ever since they quit tobacco. For the first few days, they are unable to concentrate on their work due to the withdrawal symptoms, but once they are out of this bad habit completly, their performance level has increased. This reflects in the quality of work they do.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15114543", "title": "Central agencies differ on number of road deaths", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two reports on road fatalities by two central agencies have thrown up different figures for 2011, though both agencies prepared their reports based on FIRs lodged at police stations across the country. While the National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB) under the home ministry put total fatalities at 1.36 lakh, the transport research wing (TRW) of the highways ministry put the figure at 1.42 lakh.The NCRB had come out with its report last month while TRW made its report public on Monday after highways minister C P Joshi took a review meeting on road safety. Though the difference of figures in both road accidents and fatalities categories is surprising, a senior highways ministry official said, \"That is because of the final revision of fatalities data provided by Uttar Pradesh.\" What is more interesting is that the ministry had been sitting on the final report since the first week of June, waiting for administrative approval to make it public. TOI had reported 1.42 lakh road fatalities on June 8.However, both the reports pointed out how national and state highways accounted for almost 60% of road deaths in the country while there was also an increase in the number of accidents, injuries and fatalities on roads passing through rural areas. The data showed that injuries due to accidents on rural roads were 2.21 lakh while it was much less on both NHs and state highways.The TRW report showed that the rise in number of accidents, injuries and deaths per lakh of population reflected rise in motor vehicle population, as also increase in duration and number of travel trips and rise in income.The TRW report also showed that the severity of accidents was high in smaller cities such as Ludhiana, Asansol-Durgapur in Bengal, Dhanbad in Jharkhand, Varanasi and Agra in UP. While in Ludhiana the severity of accident (chances of fatality) is highest at 66%, it's 63% in Asansol.Sixteen states including Andhra Pradesh, Bihar, Chhattisgarh, Gujarat, Karnataka, Kerala and UP have identified black spots which the ministry plans to fix during this financial year. Of these states, 13 account for more than 90% of road accident fatalities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15114808", "title": "A metered uprising", "text": "COIMBATORE: In a rare initiative, over 40 auto rickshaw drivers in Coimbatore submitted a petition to the district collector on Monday, expressing their readiness to collect only meter fare from passengers. Given the reluctance of the auto driver community to follow regulated fares, this is a remarkable move. The drivers said they had decided to collect reasonable fares as they realize that exploiting passengers violated the rules of ethics.\"All of us who have decided to collect meter fares have been friends for several years, and we don't belong to any trade union,\" said M Anand, who has been driving an auto rickshaw for 20 years. They had been thinking about going back to the meter system for a while, to make it easier for passengers, he said. Several meetings had been conducted between the trade union and government to come up with revised fares, but in vain.While the prices of essential commodities increased consistently, auto fares were stagnant, forcing drivers to charge arbitrary fares to meet living expenses, the drivers explained. \"However, now we have realized that this practise has tarnished the image of auto drivers, and people have started avoiding us,\" he added.The unions have protested their move to follow meter fares. They have even threatened them for trying to implement the meter system. Regardless, this group of auto drivers has decided to charge a minimum fare of Rs 30 and Rs 12 for every additional kilometre. This is certainly more than the government price of Rs 14 as minimum fare and Rs 7 for each additional kilometre.Anand said that all the auto drivers have agreed to stick to this fare until the district administration can come up with reasonable fares. He said the rates would be posted on their vehicle. \"Our demand from the district administration and regional transport office is to support this initiative as the unions are aggressively protesting this move,\" he added.\"Instead of resolving the issue, each union seems to be working to satisfy their interests, confusing and complicating the matter,\" said K Nazeer, an auto driver in the business for 16 years who is ready to implement the meter system. He said that most auto stands, especially those at the railway junction and Gandhipuram dictate their terms and no other rickshaw is allowed to transport passengers, other than those at the stand at arbitrary rates fixed by them.This is increasingly becoming a problem for those drivers who are not part of any union. Once the metered auto starts functioning, the unions would lose their power and auto stands will disappear, said Nazeer. Drivers would be free to pick up passengers from any place.M Vellingari, who has been in the business for 20 years, says that their community had suffered a lot. Most drive rented rickshaws. Those who own them have to pay huge loans. The renters have to pay anywhere between Rs 150 and Rs 200 per day as rent, in addition to the fuel cost of Rs 200 from their pocket. After a long day's work they make about Rs 200 per day, which is hardly enough to meet expenses, he said.As of now, there are 48 drivers who have agreed to operate by the meter, although there are many more who have promised to consider the meter system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15114936", "title": "Another failed meeting", "text": "GURGAON: Once again on Monday, the MCG meeting failed to table any concrete decision on developmental issues.The meeting was held after almost three months but even then the councillors did not discuss a single item on the agenda. Mayor Vimal Yadav said, \"There was nothing in the agenda to be discussed as all the items listed have been there for so many months. The councillors should come forward and informed the commissioner about the issues they want to be discussed so that they can be included in the agenda. But this is not taking place.\"However, he said that it would be wrong to say that no development work is taking place in the city, as the finance committee is doing its job diligently. \"Just last week we got an approval from the state government to spend Rs 90 crore on the development of various villages in the MCG area. Very soon everyone will be able to see development in these villages,\" he said.On the other hand, some of the councillors claim that the mayor and his team have failed miserably in holding meaningful House meetings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15118310", "title": "Richa Chadda not part of Bhansali's 'Ram Leela'", "text": "Actress Richa Chadda, who won rave reviews for her powerful performance in 'Gangs of Wasseypur', has clearly said that she is not part of Sanjay Leela Bhansali's ambitious project 'Ram Leela'.The film is said to be an adaptation of Shakespeare's 'Romeo Juliet' and stars Ranveer Singh as the male lead. Kareena Kapoor , who was part of the film, walked out of 'Ram Leela' due to date and monetary issues. There is a buzz that Priyanka Chopra or Deepika Padukone might replace Kareena in the film. However, it was also heard that Richa Chadha has been apparently approached to play the second female lead but she says otherwise.\"I have not been approached for this film ( Ram Leela ). It is all speculation that is happening,\" Richa told PTI. But the 25-year-old actress admits that she has 10-15 plum projects from various filmmakers but she is not keen to reveal anything until she signs on the dotted line.\"It was post 'Gangs of Wasseypur' that several filmmakers started calling me. And there have been really some good offers. There are about 10-15 scripts that I have but I can't reveal anything, till I sign the film,\" Richa said.\"I will soon be signing something,\" she added. After her role as the motor-mouth Nagma Khatoon in 'Gangs of Wasseypur' , Richa will now be testing international waters and has bagged Mira Nair's short film. The series comprises of many short stories set across the globe and includes other star performers like Oscar-winning actor Ben Kingsley .\"The character I play in this film is close to my own age. It is a complex drama of an Indian family and their ups and downs but seen from a western perspective,\" Richa said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "thane/mumbai", "code": "15114149", "title": "Flash stir by RTO inspectors leaves citizens in the lurch", "text": "THANE/MUMBAI: A flash strike by RTO inspectors across Maharashtra on Monday to protest the attack on their colleagues in Nanded on Sunday resulted in hardships for thousands of citizens who flocked the offices for a driving licence or registration of their motor vehicles.The offices at Tardeo, Andheri, Wadala and Thane RTO were worst hit as all official activities came to a standstill. Though it seemed to be a one-day \"token\" strike by inspectors, a senior official from the transport commissioner's office said it was not clear whether the inspectors would resume duties on Tuesday morning. The strike call was given by the Executive Officers' Association of the Motor Vehicles Department (EOAMVD), an umbrella organization of 700-plus RTO personnel. It demanded arrest of the unidentified persons who had assaulted four officials of the RTO's flying squad in Nanded. \"One of our inspector of motor vehicles Vijay Sawant suffered multiple fractures and three others, including Dhananjay Taru, Sunil Kshirsagar, Ajay Karale and the driver, Lokhare, were beaten up with sticks. A group of men confronted the flying squad officials and warned them against conducting checks for overloading of vehicles. The attackers sped away after thrashing the officials, '' said Rajendra Patole, general secretary of the EOAMVD.The pen-down strike, Patole said, was aimed at highlighting the poor working conditions of RTO officials who are not provided with police security or given adequate arms to act in self-defence. \"The guilty should be brought to book,\" said Rajesh Ahuja, ex-general secretary of the association. The strike brought to the fore the growing resentment in the RTO rank and file against transport commissioner V N More, who has been criticized for his recent decision to reshuffle officials of the flying squad and deputing them to other districts to check overloading of heavy vehicles.\"The reshuffling of officials in the flying squad has been unplanned and without understanding the basic ground realities,\" an official said.Another issue of contention between the RTO officials and the commissioner is the huge rise in the revenue targets given to each of the 60 flying squads across the state. The RTO strike has been criticized by most citizens who said such acts of government officials holding the common man to ransom are on the rise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15117425", "title": "Ram Charan\u2019s next release will be in 2013", "text": "Not so long ago, mega power star Ram Charan promised that he would be having two releases every year. However, that seems to be highly unlikely for this year given his current commitments. Sources close to the actor say that Charan will have only one release this year (Racha).Ram Charan is currently working on three films - Yevadu, directed by Vamsi Paidipally, Bollywood film Zanjeer and another untitled film directed by VV Vinayak. With all the three films in different stages of production, Ram Charan decided to take one film at a time and wrap up these films before signing on another film.Apparently, Vinayak's film would release first for 2013 Sankranthi followed by other releases. And this means, Ram Charan will have solo release this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15113183", "title": "HC hearing on local body tax on July 31", "text": "NASHIK: The Bombay which court hearing in the Bombay High Court on the petition challenging the decision of the state government to introduce local body tax (LBT) in the jurisdiction of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) has been scheduled on July 31. The stay on the introduction of LBT will continue till then.A hearing on the petition, filed by MNS corporator Gulzar Kokani and opposition leader Sudhakar Badgujar of the Shiv Sena was held on July 13. There will be a joint hearing on both petitions as both parties put forth the same points in favour of the disconintuance of LBT.The first hearing on the petition filed by Kokani was held on June 29, following which the court scheduled another hearing for July 13.\"As per rules, any new tax system must be announced by February 20, before the commencement of the new financial year. The municipal commissioner must publicly announce the new tax rates and get it passed at a special general body meeting. But no such procedure was followed on the imposition of local body tax,\" Badgujar said.\"When the stage government had cancelled octroi in some municipal councils in the state on May 1, 1999, it gave administrative grants to compensate for the losses caused due to the cancellation. Since then, the state has not only been giving out these grants but they have also seen a 10% rise in every subsequent year. But in Nashik, the state govern ment simply cancelled octroi and introduced LBT as an alternative.\"Badgujar said the NMC still has Rs 56.52 pending from the state for other projects. \"We don't trust that the state government would compensate for losses due to octroi cancellation following the introduction of LBT in Nashik,\" Badgujar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15117417", "title": "No more freebies, stars to pay for their own staff", "text": "Ever since the imposition of 12.36 per cent service tax on actors, producers have been a worried lot. And justifiably so since they think the additional tax will eventually be passed off to them. However, here's some cause for cheer as TOI has learnt industry actors and actresses will now bear the entire expense of their staff from their own pockets. And, it didn't happen overnight.It was the producers who collectively met the actors several times, making them see reason. Many long discussions and arguments later, the actors have now decided to tow the producers' line and pay their staff including hairdressers, makeup artistes, bodyguards and others daily expenses.VP of the Film and TV Producers Guild, Mukesh Bhatt, confirmed the development and said, \"Service tax is already killing the producers and the staff of some of the actors were asking for an exhorbitant amount. Some drivers and spot boys were demanding Rs 15,000 to Rs 20,000 a day. Make up artistes and hair dressers were asking for Rs 40,000 to Rs 50,000 a day.\"He added, \"The actors have now been told that the amount they pay to the staff will be included in their remuneration and no overheads will be paid to their staff.\"Some of the actors who have agreed are SRK , Aamir Khan , Ajay Devgn, Akshay Kumar, Hrithik Roshan , Katrina Kaif , Ranbir Kapoor and Salman Khan. Others like Saif - Kareena and Deepika are yet to sign the papers.Aamir even wrote back to Mukesh saying, \"I agree with you that the personal staff of filmstars like drivers and spotboys should not be charging unreasonable amounts to producers.\"The new protocol has been effective July 7 onward.Staff Expenses: Shah Rukh Khan 40,000 Priyanka Chopra 75,000 Kareena Kapoor 35,000 Sanjay Dutt 70,000 Salman Khan 40,000 Ajay Devgn 15,000 Bipasha Basu 75,000 Rani Mukerji 15,000 Sonakshi Sinha 20,000 Akshay Kumar 40,000", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "jaipur/ajmer", "code": "15114564", "title": "Widespread debate on dargah dewan's remark", "text": "JAIPUR/AJMER: The dargah dewan of Ajmer shrine Syed Zainul Abedin Ali Khan's statement barring the entry of film stars intending to promote their films and TV serials has sparked a widespread debate in the cine fraternity and clerics on Monday.Actor Raza Murad has questioned the dewan's authority in making such an \"uncalled\" for statement. \"To the best of my knowledge, I can say film/TV stars visit the shrine with a sole aim to pray for their personal and professional success. They never use the dargah as a platform for promotional purposes,\" said Murad who frequents the dargah. He further added that the dewan should instead raise problems faced by Muslims instead of commenting on non-issues.The film industry has immense faith in the holy shrine of Ajmer. Almost everyday someone from Bollywood (be it the big screen or the telly world) visits the dargah and most of them keep it a secret. Another follower and vocalist Ila Arun partially agrees with the dewan. She said, \"Producers/directors/cine stars should avoid bringing CDs/DVDs/and movie reels to the Dargah in order to respect the dewan's views as she thinks it's a promotional drive. \"The dargah is a place to attain spiritual solace. It shouldn't be used for any commercial benefit,\" added Arun, who expressed her desire to perform sufi numbers at Ajmer.Throughout the day the issue was debated on several TV channels.The Sajjadanashins of different shrines have, however, extended their support to the dewan while the Khadims' communities are up in arms against the dewan. Qutabuddhin Sakhi, a Khadim who is engaged in offering prayers on behalf of film stars visiting the shrine, said, \"The custom of stars visiting the shrine is more than 40 years old. I remember personalities like K Asif, Mehboob Khan, Dilip Kumar and Raj Kapoor regularly visiting the shrine. Mehboob Khan and the Mozart of Madras AR Rehman have houses in Ajmer,\" Sakhi said.Disagreeing with the dewan that film personalities only visit the shrine to promote their films, he said, \"For this purpose they have shopping malls, multiplexes across the country where they make rounds before the release while many a times they also indulge in post-release dhamakas. There are several marketing schemes today to promote films. However, their visit to the shrine is just a matter of faith and spirituality. We won't subscribe to the thought that their visit has only business interests.\"Former secretary of Anjuman Syed Zadgan Committee Syed Sarwar Chishty was quite vociferous when he said, \"The dewan has no right to speak on such issues. He is appointed by government on a monthly remuneration of Rs 200. He should speak only on those issues which concern him. The 'jiyarat' prayers are the matter of khadims.\"Chisthy has written to Salman Khurshid , Union minster for minority affairs, urging him to take action against the dewan for maligning the image of the dargah by his irresponsible statements.The issue has also gone viral on the social networking sites like Facebook and Twitter. People are expressing their views across the globe. One Tejas Singh from London commented that \"its Talibanisation of the shrines....... Wake up India!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15115347", "title": "Withdraw plaint: Kidnappers of Gurpreet Singh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Two days after Jasbir Singh \u2014 father of Gurpreet Singh, 19, who is reportedly held hostage in Thailand \u2014 lodged a police complaint against city-based travel agent G S Virk, he is being pressurized to withdraw it. Jasbir, a resident of Anandpur Sahib district, said on Monday, \"Abductors called me on my cell-phone from a number, 0085264521476, and let me speak to my son. But Gurpreet was only allowed to convey their message to me that the complaint be taken away. And the call was quickly disconnected.\"When TOI called at the number, it was not reachable. Even his son could not be contacted on his cell-phone number. Gurpreet had gone to Thailand six months ago. After holding him hostage, the kidnappers had asked his father to deliver Rs 13 lakh to Virk.Jasbir had lodged a police complaint against Virk, a resident of Sector 35, at Chandigarh Sector 17 police station. It was referred to Amritsar district police on July 21 and UT police had registered a zero FIR.The complaint was lodged at Kotwali, Amritsar, police station. But after Jasbir met Amritsar police commissioner R P Mittal, his case was referred to Anandpur Sahib cops for further investigation on Monday.Chandigarh superintendent of police (central) Desraj Singh said Virk's house was being watched. The on-the-run accused was operating his business from his Sector 35 residence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15115412", "title": "Three local trains between Shivajinagar and Talegaon", "text": "PUNE: As part of the revised time-table for local trains likely to be implemented from next week, three local trains will depart from the Shivajinagar railway station instead of the Pune station and will run up to Talegaon instead of Lonavla and back on an experimental basis.The Pune railway administration said that steps are being taken to revise train schedules to benefit hundreds of daily passengers who travel between Shivajinagar and Talegaon stations.At present, there are about 48 daily trips of local trains wherein as many as 50,000 passengers travel between Pune station and Lonavla.The proposal to terminate some local trains at Shivajinagar station came after general manager of central railway S K Jain visited the Pune station in February and March. Jain said that some changes were essential to help increase frequency of local train services on the route and reduce congestion at the Pune station.The administration said the revised timings would help save 15 to 20 minutes per trip. This would help run additional local trains on the Talegaon route and also reduce the burden on the Pune station.A senior official from the railway administration said a proposal for the revised time-table of local trains was worked out and submitted to the head office for approval and further suggestions about a couple of months ago.\"We expect a decision on it in the next few days. Once the directives are received, we will publish the time-table for the benefit of passengers and it will be implemented by next week. We expect to introduce three local trains from Shivajinagar up to Talegaon and back in the first phase,\" an official added.According to the administration, there is enough space at Shivajinagar station to accommodate the departure and arrival of suburban locals. Some changes in the signaling system are being introduced to meet the requirements for terminating the local trains there.Sources said that during non-peak hours, there were not many passengers on the Talegaon-Lonavla stretch which is why it was decided that some local trains would terminate at Talegaon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15117887", "title": "Careless guard fires, injures customer in bank", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A careless armed guard at a bank in Anand town, took to cleaning his rifle in the bank premises, during business hours. The rifle was not locked and as a result the guard accidentally triggered the rifle. A customer, Snehal Rathod at the bank was injured as the stray bullet hit his leg. The 108 emergency services was called and the injured man rushed to nearby hospital. The incident happened around noon at Indian Overseas Bank's Anand branch on Monday.\"For a moment employees at the bank thought that there was a blast at an electric switch terminal in the bank. It was loud. Besides Rathod had not realised that he had been shot in the leg till he saw his leg bleeding. The bank claims that it will take action against the errant guard,\" says a senior police officer who had visited the site.\"The incident should be an eyeopener for other banks too that employee private armed guards.There should be a protocol in weapons maintenance for each security agency and should be done in safer locations,\" adds the police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15114522", "title": "Kerala Football Association stalwart T O Abdullah dead", "text": "KOCHI: One of the stalwarts of Kerala Football Association (KFA), T O Abdullah, died of age-related illness at his residence at Choondi, Aluva on Monday. He was 84.An engineering graduate from the prestigious Aligarh Muslim University, Abdullah was the chief of KFA twice, from 1973 to 1978 and 1986 to 1994.He was also the former vice-president of All India Football Federation, former chairman of the AIFF referees board, chief selector of the senior national team, and Kerala Sports Council vice president. Kerala won Santosh Trophy in 1973, 1993 and 1994 when he was at the helm of KFA. Condoling his death, K M Ibrahim Mather, president of KFA, said, \"Abdullah is known for his commitment to the sport of football. During the years he served as the president of the association, he struggled for the betterment of the game in the state.\"\"As a football administrator, Abdullah paved the way for many tournaments in Kerala and was instrumental in bringing various prominent national meets to the state. He had a keen eye for talent and promoted players from the state to the best of his ability.Kerala winning the Santosh Trophy for the first time in 1973 had a lot to do with his efforts as KFA president,\" said excise and ports minister K Babu. Union minister K V Thomas, former AIFF president P P Lakshmanan and former secretary of KFA K Bodhanandan were among others who condoled his death.Other than sports, Abdullah has also served in various capacities in Kerala and Calicut universities, CUSAT, Rubber Board, Kerala State Industries Development Corporation, Indira Gandhi Co-operative Medical College, MES, SBI and All-Kerala Private Management College Association, among other bodies.He is survived by his wife, two sons and a daughter. He will be buried at 10am at Juma'at Mosque, Thottumukham, Aluva on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15114474", "title": "Kerala coir plugs chinks in the armour", "text": "KOCHI: Coir fibre from Kerala may soon find its way into lightweight bulletproof vests in the US.Kuala Lumpur-based The Armour Factory (TAF), which produces anti-ballistic armours for its US market, is planning to replace kenaf, a natural fibre used in the production of bulletproof jackets, with coir fibre provided by the The Central Coir Research Institute (CCRI), Alappuzha.TAF is a pioneer in blending kenaf with Kevlar, a synthetic fibre developed by US chemical firm DuPont, to produce lightweight jackets which could resist shotgun pellets and handgun shots. \"Maziah Mohamad, director for research and development at TAF has told us that the initial results are positive. Now they have to work further in getting more samples of coir so as to establish its capacity to replace kenaf,\" said U S Sarma, director for research and development at CCRI.The idea of using coir fibre as an absorber of bullet energy occurred to Sarma while attending a presentation of Dr Maziah in a conference in Holland three months ago. \"I told her that coir, as the strongest natural fibre, has 27% more elasticity compared to kenaf. Later I sent her three pieces of fine fabric made out of coir,\" he said.Maziah was looking for a replacement for kenaf as it was short on supply and was relatively costly - coir fibre could bring down the raw material cost by 75%.If successful, coir would be used in bulletproof vests which could stop the bullets and spread the force horizontally over a larger area of the body using its multi-layered woven fibres. Community police officers in the US and western Europe use lightweight bullet resistant ones, while those in the Army use more sturdier vests reinforced with ceramic plates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15115095", "title": "Stay order on IPS recruitment extended", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Central Administrative Tribunal (CAT) Guwahati bench on Monday once again extended the interim stay order on the proposed recruitment of IPS officers from the Army and central paramilitary forces through the limited competitive exam across the country till August 28.Earlier on June18, the tribunal had extended the stay order for a month when the Centre, the ministry of home affairs, the ministry of personnel, public grievances and pensions and other respondents sought more time to file the counter affidavit in the case.However, on Monday, only the ministry of home affairs, one of the 14 respondents, submitted its reply in the case. In its reply, the home department said that the recruitment process is unfinished and defended the new system by saying that it would give scope to personnel from other forces to join police.\"The interim stay order has been extended as other respondents failed to furnish the reply affidavit within the given time frame and sought for more time. Our argument was that the every state already has a pool of trained qualified police officers who can be nominated to the IPS rank. Then what is the need of a new procedure?\" said Rajib Borpujari, counsel of the petitioners.The stay order had come after six officers of Assam police challenged the amendments of the Indian Police Service (Recruitment) Rules, 1954, made by the Centre for recruitment of IPS officers through the limited competitive examination.The petitioners challenged the amendments saying that the state governments can fill up the vacant posts of IPS officers if needed from the existing pool of qualified officers. The six police officers who challenged the amendments are Swapnaneel Deka, Amitava Sinha, Sanjib Das, Bedanta Rajkhowa, Devajyoti Mukherjee and Mantu Thakuria who are officers of the rank of deputy superintendent of police or above in Assam police.Amitava Singh, one of the petitioners, earlier told TOI that the IPS officers have two categories and the new amendment is going to create a third category. \"The military or the paramilitary officers are specialized in their own areas and it's quite different from normal policing,\" said Amitava Sinha, a petitioner.In 2011, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh had approved of the ground rules for the limited competitive examination to recruit IPS cadres from officers below 35 years of age, serving in the armed forces as well as the central and state police forces.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15115271", "title": "Truba students protest seeking roll back in fee hike", "text": "INDORE: Miffed over the hike in the fee for the second consecutive year by Truba College of Engineering, a private engineering college in the city, hundreds of students on Monday staged a protest on its campus seeking to roll back the arbitrary fee hike.The students asked the college management to roll back the fee hike. The students alleged that the college management allegedly hiked the fee by Rs 10,000 in the past two years allegedly violating the set norms. One of the agitated students said, \"This is completely unfair on the part of college management as it has been raising course fee arbitrarily. We have been trying to talk to college management on the fee issue since long but none paid any attention.\" According to sources, the students were trying to take up the matter with the college authorities over a fortnight but on Monday, they went on a strike to draw the attention of the college authorities.Two years back, the college was reportedly charging Rs 58,000 but increased the fee by 10,000 in the last two years. The students backed by activists of NSUI thronged the campus demanding justice.The students alleged that according to university norms, the college cannot make changes in the fee structure in between the course.The management has to charge the fees, which were brought into notice at the time of admission. Meanwhile, college authorities sought two days time to sort out the disputes over the issues related to fees. Nitin Rathore, administrative officer of the engineering college, said, \"We have brought the matter into the notice of college management in state capital. We will give the decision in favour of students within two days time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15113419", "title": "'Old Goa-Panaji stretch to be widened first'", "text": "PORVORIM: On the government's intention to widen the NH 4-A, PWD minister Ramkrishna 'Sudin' Dhavalikar said that the government has decided to begin with the Old Goa-Panaji stretch as the pilot project and that the width of the road would be a maximum of 29m.Dhavalikar was replying to a question by Cumbharjua MLA Pandurang Madkaikar during the discussion on demands. Dhavalikar added, \"A survey has also been conducted from Banastari to Old Goa.\" He added that the government wants to have a motorcycle track on both sides of the road with a 3m width.Madkaikar sought to know how many houses would need to be demolished due to the widening and suggested that the width be restricted to 23m to avoid the demolition. \"A bus bay should be considered while widening the road,\" said Madkaikar.Speaking on transport demands, Madkaikar said that government should tell the court that the HSRP which the government has tendered is outdated and that the government intends to fix digital HSRP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15114541", "title": "No cross-voting in presidential poll: Ashok Gehlot", "text": "JAIPUR: A day after the results of the presidential election were announced, Rajasthan faced the heat with speculations on cross-voting. While the state BJP basked in the glory of P A Sangma getting more votes than expected from the state, the Congress was forced to go on a defensive mode.Chief minister Ashok Gehlot insisted that cross-voting did not take place. \"There was no cross-voting here. It happened in Karnataka and Gujarat. Here, we got the votes we expected,'' he said on Monday. The CM, however, did not rule out the possibility of 'error in some cases'.His argument sounded weak as compared to state Congress's tall claims before the elections of at least 118 votes, Pranab Mukherjee finally managed to get 113 votes, while Sangma got 85 votes.The Congress camp, minus the two legislators who are in jail in connection with the Bhanwari Devi case, was expecting the votes of 100 MLAs, along with three of the CPI (M) and one each of JD(U), SP and the Loktantrik Samajwadi Party .According to sources, the Congress camp was sure about getting 116 votes besides banking on the support from a few Independents and suspended BJP legislator Hanuman Beniwal.Reports suggested that some legislators from the Congress camp voted in favour of Sangma.\"It can be a genuine mistake. Despite the training that the legislators were imparted a day earlier, some were confused,'' said state Congress president Chandrabhan, admitting that the number of votes from the Congress camp were lesser than expected.The BJP on the other hand claimed that the presidential election were a reflection of what could be expected in the next assembly elections. That Independents were supporting the BJP was the first sign of shift in power in the state, the BJP camp claimed. \"It is a good sign for the state BJP and we are glad that we could manage more votes for Sangma,'' said Satish Punia, general secretary, state BJP.With the presidential elections over, the tug of war over the elections for the Vice-President has started. On Monday, Gehlot ruled out any possibility of the state Congress supporting Jaswant Singh , who belongs to the state. \"There is no question of going beyond the party-line and supporting Jaswant Singh,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15115309", "title": "Engineering student commits suicide", "text": "PUNE: A 21-year-old engineering student who had consumed poison at her residence in Ramwadi in Yerawada on Saturday, succumbed during treatment at the Sassoon General Hospital on Monday afternoon.The Yerawada police said Sayali Satish Jagtap, a resident of Ramwadi, had committed suicide after she failed in her examination.Sayali's father, Satish, a police sub-inspector with the state police, said Sayali was second-year student of electronics and telecommunications at a private college in Lonikand. \"Her exam results were declared last week. She failed in some subjects and had been upset since then,\" Jagtap told TOI.He said that on Saturday Sayali came home from college, went inside the bathroom and consumed a bottle of pesticide. \"We immediately rushed her to a nearby private hospital but they refused to admit her. We then went to Sassoon hospital,\" Jagtap said.\"She was a very clever and loveable child,\" said Jagtap.The Yerawada police have registered a case of accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15114647", "title": "PIL seeks ban on sale of tobacco products", "text": "Cancer Patient Aid Society, a Mumbai-based NGO recently moved the Karnataka High Court seeking a ban in Karnataka on sale, storage and distribution of gutka, paan masala and all other forms of chewing tobacco containing tobacco and nicotine as ingredients. The PIL has been filed as per provisions of Food Safety and Standards (Prohibition and Restrictions on Sales), Regulations, 2011.The petitioner also sought implementation of notification issued by Union ministry of health and family welfare on August 1, 2011. The PIL states that non-implementation is a clear violation of Right to Life under Articles 21 and 47 of the Constitution.A division bench presided by Chief Justice Vikramjit Sen on July 16, 2012 issued notices to the Food Safety and Standards Authority of India and Karnataka State Anti-Tobacco Cell.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15114676", "title": "Airport gold heist baffles cops", "text": "AHMEDABAD: City crime branch officials have been unable to find clues in the Rs 2.2 crore gold theft case, even a year after the incident. The gold was stolen from Ahmedabad airport in May 2011. The agency was probing the matter for the last year.Crime branch officials recently sought to halt investigations for want of evidence.Police sub-inspector, Kiran Chaudhary, said, \"Last week we filed a final summary report of this case.\"\"This means that investigation is still with the crime branch but has been stopped, owing to lack of any evidence. Whenever there is fresh evidence, the probe shall resume,\" said a crime branch official.In May one 10kg parcel went missing from a consignment of 200kg of gold at the air cargo complex at Ahmedabad airport. MMTC Limited, a public-sector unit authorized to import precious metals and stones, had imported the bullion from Singapore . The incident left security agencies shocked as the gold was stolen minutes after customs duty was paid and was set for delivery. The theft exposed lax security at the cargo facility.According to crime branch officials who had visited the spot, several loopholes were spotted in the security arrangements. \"We saw that there was just one security guard - armed with just a stick - with gold worth Rs 667 crore inside. Why only a small part of the consignment was stolen also remains unresolved,\" said a crime branch official.\"All the CCTV cameras were wrongly focused; some were aimed at walls. We could not get any footage that could give us a clue of what happened there and how the gold was stolen. Our enquiries revealed that the cameras had been in wrong positions for long, but nobody took any notice,\" said a senior crime branch official. \"We questioned over 100 people and several persons' mobile call details were also scrutinized. However, we could not find anything suspicious.\"Crime branch officials also scoured several large gold markets of Gujarat and neighbouring states. But no attempt was made to sell the stolen gold in the last year. Without any headway made and lacking any concrete evidence, the crime branch filed the final summary report before a court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "15113865", "title": "Chennai tourist rescued off Calangute", "text": "CALANGUTE: A tourist from Chennai, Arvind Acha, 48, was rescued by lifeguards at Calangute beach on Sunday afternoon.Arvind was playing on the beach with a friend at around 2.30pm in knee-deep water about 10-15 m from the shore when suddenly a huge wave hit them and Arvind got pulled into the sea by a lateral current. He gestured for help as he struggled in the strong current and was spotted by lifeguards in the tower. Lifeguard Arun Kumbharjuvekar rushed towards the victim with a rescue tube and brought him safely back to shore. He was checked for injuries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "15114404", "title": "Won't wrest Maruti from Manesar, says Modi", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: A day ahead of his proposed meeting with top executives of the Maruti-Suzuki Corporation at its headquarters in Hamamatsu, chief minister Narendra Modi on Monday made frantic attempts to de-link the top car maker's decision to set up a new plant in Bhechraji in North Gujarat from the ongoing dispute in the company's Manesar plant in Haryana.Suggesting that he did not want to fish in troubled waters, Modi told a seminar organized by the Japan External Trade Organization (JETRO) in Tokyo that the Japanese MNC's decision to set up a second plant in Gujarat \"has no connection\" whatsoever with what was happening in Manesar. Maruti-Suzuki's Manesar plant was locked out recently following violent protests by workers.Modi said, \"There is no question of shifting Maruti Suzuki plant from Manesar to Gujarat. The company's proposal to set up its second plant in Gujarat is a standalone decision. The Gujarat government wishes that every state should develop industrially.\" An official note issued here said Modi \"refused to comment on the ongoing dispute over the Maruti Suzuki's plant at Manesar in Haryana\". It quoted Modi as telling the JETRO seminar that \"human safety and industrial peace are of paramount importance for development\", adding, he hoped the Haryana government would \"solve the dispute.\"But he did not miss the opportunity to indirectly contrast violent incidents in Haryana with the \"peaceful\" situation in Gujarat. He told the seminar, \"Gujarat has been endeavoring to attain zero level man-days loss and solve dispute between the industry and labour through consensus and arbitration.\" tnnOn a four-day visit, Modi is in Japan on invitation of the Japanese government. Japan will be the key partner in the forthcoming Vibrant Gujarat Global Investment Summit, planned in mid-January next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "palanpur", "code": "15115747", "title": "Shravan breaks religious barrier in this village", "text": "PALANPUR: At the break of dawn, villagers of Delpara in Mehsana district, gather at the Lord Shiva temple to offer prayers in the Shravan month. In the queue is the Muslim family of Bachhubhai Ghanchi, waiting for their turn to offer milk to the shivling.In fact, on the first day of Shravan, so engrossed was Bachhubhai in puja that he was late for namaaz. Instead of rushing to the mosque, he offered namaaz in the temple itself. His act did not raise any eyebrows. Devotees continued their usual prayers. This tiny hamlet, around 7 km from the Modhera Sun Temple, is located around 50 km from Sardarpura where 33 minority community members were killed in the 2002 riots.But Delpara is a living example of communal amity where at least 10 Muslim families observe Shravan as fervently as Ramzaan. \"It is an inexplicable joy for all of us that two holy months have come at the same time,\" says Bachubhai, a grocery merchant. His son Shoaib, and daughters Bilkis and Shabana are also regular visitors to the temple. \"Since I was a child, I have been worshiping Lord Shiva with the same fervour as we observe Id,\" said Shoaib.Babubhai Dave, the head priest of the temple, says, \"Bachubhai's father Alibhai was sarpanch of the village and a staunch follower of Nilkantheshwar Mahadeo. He generously donated for the renovation of the century-old temple and came for aarti everyday.\" Rasul Gulam Mohammed, 56, says, \"I don't leave for my job before taking blessings of Lord Shiva daily.\" Several Muslims like Rajab Allahrakha, Yakub Allahrakha, are permanent members of the temple's Bili Patri Samiti.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15115725", "title": "Couple honoured for nabbing snatchers", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A couple from Sector 23 was honoured with cash prize and Class-I commendation certificate for nabbing two chain snatchers by UT police on Monday.Satbir Singh Walia and his wife Rajbir Kaur were on their scooter when two assailants snatched Kaur's gold chain at a slip road of Sector 35A on July 16.The couple chased the motorcycle-borne snatchers and nabbed them near Sector 35-36 roundabout and recovered the chain on the spot. Meanwhile, couple raised an alarm and some passerby also assisted them in nabbing snatchers. Accused were identified as Dheeraj Kumar and Tinku of Phase-I in Ramdarbar. Kaur had suffered minor injuries in the incident and had been discharged after first aid. DIG (headquarters) Alok Kumar said couple was rewarded with cash prize of Rs 2,000 each and commendation certificate for their courageous act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15115797", "title": "Cable operators in Madurai cry foul over illegal digital control rooms", "text": "MADURAI: Members of the Tamil Nadu Cable TV Operators and Consumers' Welfare Association held siege of the district collectorate on Monday and submitted a petition against few private players who have launched illegal digital control rooms in the city. More than a 100 cable TV operators led by state president, T V Ramesh and district president K Tamilselvan came to the collectorate, during the public grievance redressal day on Monday, and charged that a few individuals have been harassing and extorting money from them.\"We have undergone sufficient harassment during the previous government where few private parties operated the entire cable TV network and we were glad when government launched the cable TV network after regime change. However, individuals like Anandan, Saravanan and Pandi are involved in digital telecasting, which is not legal. There are only 30 private parties who got the permission for digital telecasting in the country from TRAI and none of them are from Madurai. However, these three individuals have launched digital control rooms in Gomathipuram and near Guru theatre. They are harassing the government cable TV operators to join them by paying huge money. They are also involved in damaging government cable TV network,\" Tamilselvan told media persons at the collectorate.\"We submitted several petitions to the government cable TV tahsildar seeking action against individuals launching illegal digital control rooms, but to no avail. There are 800 cable TV operators in the district and our livelihood is affected by these people. In spite of our repeated demands, the revenue officials are not acting upon that,\" charged T V Ramesh.The cable TV operators also announced that there are going to form a state-wide association to get rid of too many small unauthorised associations. \"There are too many associations and we have decided to form a single body to represent us. There will be formal elections in another two weeks in which representatives will be elected,\" Ramesh said. District collector, Anshul Mishra ordered an inquiry in this regard. \"He told us that he will look into the matter and will hold a probe on illegal digital telecasting,\" Tamilselvan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15118474", "title": "Heroine trailer launch with Kyaa Super Kool Hain Hum", "text": "Quashing all rumours of a rift with Kareena Kapoor , Ekta Kapoor has joined hands with the Heroine actress in an unexpected way. The trailer of Kareena's eagerly-awaited film Heroine is being attached to Ekta Kapoor's Kyaa Super Kool Hain Hum. A rather incongruous mix of the dramatic and the comic, one would think.While outwardly this may seem like two soul sisters bonding to build a bridge between them, there's a more practical reason why the trailer of a film so different in mood and intent is being attached to a film that blatantly seems to celebrate ribaldry.Says a source close to Heroine, \"There's a very good reason why Heroine 's trailer is being attached to Kyaa Super Kool Hain Hum. The trailer has been censored with an 'A' certificate and can only be screened with films with an 'A' certificate. The options for screening the trailer are automatically narrowed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15114145", "title": "Don\u2019t rob House of time for serious debates, legislations: Pratibha Patil", "text": "NEW DELHI: President Pratibha Patil on Monday cautioned MPs not to voice their dissensions in Parliament at the cost of serious debate and legislations and maintained that they should keep abreast of new developments in technology and information explosion while making laws.In her farewell speech to parliamentarians in the Central Hall, Patil pointed out that varied political thinking was a part of any legislature and more so in a country as large and diverse as India. Though this added to the \"vibrancy\" of our democratic institutions, it also posed a challenge as a multiplicity of expectations were to be met, she said.\"Naturally, there will be arguments in the process of the search for answers, but it should never happen that in the din, we lose our way forward. At the end of the day, the worth, value and respect of a legislature is judged by its output in terms of serious debate and legislations,\" she said.Patil's tenure had seen the washout of the whole winter session of Parliament in 2010 when BJP-led NDA insisted on formation of a Joint Parliamentary Committee to probe the 2G spectrum scam. Disruptions and walkouts have become more frequent in recent months.Although her lament shows that the growing trend of disruptions caused grief to the outgoing President, she did not express her anguish in public, perhaps because of the fear of being seen as exceeding her constitutional brief. The restraint was in keeping with Patil's decision to conform to the role that the Constitution has framed for the occupant of Rashtrapati Bhavan: that of a figure head.Political analysts feel that Patil played by the book and while her stint may have disappointed those yearning for \"proactive presidency\", it must have gladdened the puritans who wish the President to restrain from meddling in the affairs of the executive and legislative to the extent of being invisible.The outgoing President also pointed out that in the last two decades, there have been changes \"such as information explosion, technological innovations, increasing economic prosperity, growing materialism and in its midst the danger of losing values\".Patil said governments and legislatures need to seriously reflect on these fundamental changes. \"If unnoticed, our systems and institutions could be out-of-size and out-of-time. Therefore, deep thought should be given by members to how our institutions, our administrative practices, legislatures and legal processes, can fulfill these growing demands and responsibilities effectively,\" she said.Lok Sabha Speaker Meira Kumar led the ceremony in Central Hall that was attended by Vice-President and Rajya Sabha Chairman Hamid Ansari , Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and his council of ministers, UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi and leaders of opposition in the two Houses Arun Jaitley and Sushma Swaraj and senior BJP leader L K Advani among others.Meira Kumar lauded the tenure of Patil -- the \"first woman as our head of state\". \"The five years of Patil's tenure as first citizen of our great country have seen Rashtrapati Bhavan as a symbol of dignity, grace and most importantly of women's empowerment. She is a role model for countless women of our county who constantly strive to better themselves and those around them,\" she said.Ansari and Kumar presented mementos to Patil on the occasion.The President will address the nation on Tuesday, a day before she demits office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "15113883", "title": "Mapusa municipality takes stray cattle issue by the horns", "text": "MAPUSA: Taking the issue of stray cattle on its roads seriously, the Mapusa municipal council has started rounding up stray bovine and fining the owners. Animals not claimed will be auctioned, civic officials warned.Four animals have been rounded up since the drive started mid-last week. The owners got their animals back only after paying the requisite fines, sources said.\"A fine of 350 per animal is being levied,\" said chief officer Hanumant Toraskar. He explained that a special five-member squad of civic staff has been assigned the task.The team rounds up the cattle from roads within municipality limits and walks the animals to the cattle pound located near the municipality building.The owners are then intimated and are given up to 15 days to take their stray cattle home after paying the fine.\"If the stray cattle are not reclaimed by their owners within 15 days, they will be auctioned,\" Toraskar said.The drive is pursuant to the municipality receiving complaints from residents from across its jurisdiction. Locals urged officials to initiate concrete action to avoid stray cattle-related accidents.Many cattle owners let their animals out of the sheds, especially during the rains, said civic body sources.\"Cows prefer clean and dry places to rest and inevitably choose footpaths or even the middle of thoroughfares,\" they explained.Accidents involving stray cattle, especially at night, are common across the state. In Mapusa, the stray cattle menace is grim in Karaswada, Guirim, Housing Board and around the Mapusa garden.Housing Board is the worst affected, said civic body sources, because of the garbage on Assagao hillock and the wastes thrown along the road to Siolim from Mapusa via the colony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15118286", "title": "No tourism in core areas of tiger reserves: Supreme Court", "text": "NEW DELHI: Stepping in to conserve the big cat, the Supreme Court on Tuesday directed that there shall be no tourism activity in any of the core zones of tiger reserves across the country.A bench of justices Swatanter Kumar and Ibrahim Kalifulla also warned of contempt proceedings and imposition of exemplary costs on states which failed to notify the buffer zones in their respective tiger reserves.\"We make it clear that till final directions are issued by this court, the core zones or core areas in the tiger reserves will not be used for tourism,\" the bench said in its order.The apex court was also furious that several states despite its earlier directions of April 4 and July 10 had failed to notify the buffer zones in their respective reserves and warned that if they failed to comply within three weeks the defaulting states shall be saddled with a cost of Rs 50,000 each, recoverable from the principal secretary, forest of the state concerned.The apex court also imposed a cost of Rs 10,000 each on Andhra Pradesh, Arunachal Pradesh, Tamil Nadu, Bihar , Maharashtra and Jharkhand for not complying with its directions.However, counsel for Arunachal Pradesh and Jharkhand stated that they were ready with the notification and would file appropriate affidavits during the course of the day.The court was hearing a PIL filed by conservationist Ajay Dubey demanding removal of commercial tourism activities from core or critical tiger habitats in the tiger reserves.On July 10, the apex court had granted two more weeks \"as last opportunity\" to states which had defaulted in notifying buffer zones around tiger reserves to regulate commercialisation of revenue land around big cat habitats and help preserve the endangered species.On April 4, the court had asked Jharkhand, Rajasthan, Andhra Pradesh, Arunachal Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, Tamil Nadu, Karnataka and Maharashtra to notify the zones within three months.Rajasthan had informed the court that it had notified the zones.Under Section 38(b) and Explanation 1 and 2 of the Wildlife (Protection) Act, 1972, the states have to notify the list of core and buffer areas of tiger reserves undertheir respective jurisdiction.Under the Act, buffer zones are the areas peripheral to the critical tiger habitats or core areas providing supplementary habitats for dispersing tigers and offering scope for co-existence of human activity.The buffer zones constitute the fringe areas of tiger reserves up to a distance of 10 kms.It has been alleged in the PIL that in violation of the conservation norms, authorities in various states had permitted large-scale construction of hotels, resorts and tourism projects, thereby gravely disturbing wildlife activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15114401", "title": "1/3 of UP Power Corporation Limited's loss comes from government departments", "text": "LUCKNOW: If you thought that it was only the erring domestic consumers who were causing grave revenue loss to UP Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL), then here is something to ponder: the government departments contributed almost equally to the loss which now stands at a staggering over Rs 8,000 crore till May this year. This is almost one-third of the total loss of Rs 25,000 crore that the crucial utility, entrusted with the responsibility to supply power, faces. The fact comes to the fore amid reports of violence following repeated and prolonged power outages even as the corporation gears up to hike the power tariff.According to the figures compiled at the UPPCL till May, the government owned tubewells and pump canals, essentially owned by UP Jal Nigam, are having dues of over Rs 3,000 crore pending towards the corporation. This is almost Rs 300 crore more than what these pumps and canals owed at the beginning of the financial year.Likewise, water works owe over Rs 23,00 crore, streetlightening over Rs 13,00 crore, irrigation department over Rs 1200 crore, railways Rs 37 crore and other states Rs 5 crore.Compare this with the dues pending against the domestic consumers which stands at a mark of over Rs 98,00 crore. According to an estimate of UPPCL, nearly two-third of the dues are those of fictitious consumers, who do not exist. Given this, the actual loss from domestic consumers may be anywhere in the range of around Rs 4,000 crore. This is just half of what government departments owe towards the UPPCL.UPPCL chairman, Avanish Kumar Awasthi said that the government departments are being \"followed up\" to pay their dues. \"Our objective is to recover as much revenue as possible. Be it from the government agencies or the domestic and commercial consumers,'' he said. The state government in its budget allocated a sum of Rs 4,000 crore to the corporation. But was only meant as a subsidy for purchase of power. Given the extent of crisis and the ever rising demand for power, the corporation is forced to buy power at the rate of Rs 7 crore per day. The scenario gets further curious as UPPCL seeks to raise the tariff, essentially in the commercial sector, besides increasing the load of consumers in the rural sector. UPPCL sources confirm that the increase in tariff structure and increase in load of rural consumers will fetch an additional Rs 5,000 crore to the corporation.While small and medium scale industries are erring on a payment of nearly Rs 790 crore, the heavy industries owe over Rs 620 crore towards UPPCL. The private tube wells too are defaulting on a payment of nearly Rs 2,500 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15118281", "title": "Bombay high court says witness statement must be recorded first", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court in an order, that offers some relief to Kishore Singnapurkar and another person accused under Prevention of Corruption Act, set aside an order of a special court allowing the prosecution to call a new witness after substantial progress in the trial. The HC however gave liberty to the investigating agency, the CBI, to first record statement of such a proposed witness, submit it to the court and the accused and only then apply for permission to examine him.Singnapurkar, owner of Milano Shoes in Mumbai, is one of the accused in Special Case 48/00, pending before the Special Judge, Bombay high court. The case against him was for misconduct under the Prevention of Corruption Act, apart from the offences punishable under section 120B (criminal conspiracy) of the IPC and other offences including cheating under IPC. The trial has progressed substantially.Singnapurkar was one of the accused in the infamous cobbler scam; but in present case where he sought relief before the Bombay HC was a different case. It was regarding an alleged delay in bank loan payment in which both he and the bank officer were accused for misconduct. He had moved the HC against an order of the special judge which allowed the prosecution to call one Chaskar as a witness. Senior counsel Nitin Pradahn who appeared for Singnapurkar argued that Chaskar was never cited as a witness in the list of witnesses contained in the chargesheet that was submitted in court.Justice Abhay Thipsay noted that \"no statement of Mr.Chaskar was recorded in the course of investigation under the provisions of section 161 of the Code of Criminal Procedure.\" He was told that a statement was recorded during investigation but not in the chargesheet.The judge said, \"Though there cannot be a general prohibition for examining the witness whose statement had not been recorded during the course of investigation, propriety requires that the statement of such a person should be recorded atleast before he is permitted to enter the witness box\".The HC in a significant observation said, \"It is necessary for the investigating agency to have recorded his statement even at the stage of trial by seeking permission of the Court for the same. It is only after his statement would be recorded, the court would be in a position to form an opinion as to whether the evidence of such a witness would be necessary, desirable or even essential for a just decision of the case. Without knowing what the witness is likely to say, no proper opinion could have been formed by the special Judge.\"The procedure of recording statement of a witness is important as it makes the accused aware of what a witness is likely to depose. And is necessary for providing a proper opportunity to an accused to defend himself said the judge.Thus the HC set aside the lower court order and said the CBI was at liberty to record the statement of the said Chaskar and supply a copy to the court, as well as to the accused persons and only then make an application for examining him as a witness and the court must consider such a plea on merit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "15115653", "title": "Fans, ACs at Manali, Keylong? No more unbelievable", "text": "MANALI: Strengthening fears about global warming, high altitude hills around Manali are fast losing their snow cover due to unusual high temperatures. Believe it, one can now climb up to 15,000 feet even with a single shirt on. Yes, this is the impact of global warming, claim scientists.Snow has completely disappeared from 13,050 feet high Rohtang pass and tourists are enjoying climbing here without proper woollens, sources said. Rohtang had received over 50 feet snow during winter months and snow accumulation here was about 35 feet in the first week of May, when snow from Manali-Rohtang highway was cleared. According to local trekkers and guides, despite heavy snowfall this winter, snow cover on mountains -- including Deo Tibba, Hanuman Tibba and Seven Sister peaks -- is very thin, courtesy the fast melting of snow.Mountainous regions of Lahaul-Spiti district, popularly known as cold deserts, are reportedly warmer than Shimla , Nahan (Sirmaur) and many other low altitude regions now. In July, the average maximum temperature here was over 25 degrees Celsius. Residents of Lahaul-Spiti are wearing summer collections similar to that in Punjab these days. Snow has almost disappeared from the adjoining peaks, which otherwise used to work as coolants for the valley, sources said.\"There are no signs of snow at Rohtang pass. It has melted away even on higher mountains,\" Dhani Thakur, trekker and owner of Himalayan Eagle Adventures, said. Thakur has been scaling the Himalayan mountains during the last 15 years. \"Certainly, the mountains had received heavy snowfall in winter, but the accumulated snow is decreasing fast,\" he said.According to sources, most people in Manali and other hilly areas of Himachal are now going for AC cars, which was considered a stupid thing some years back. Residents are now purchasing air conditioners for their homes. However, the nights are cool in inhabited mid and high hills with average minimum temperature at 15 degrees Celsius, but scorching heat is of day is forcing people to take a dip in cold water, they said.A resident of Keylong, Sher Singh Bodh, said that he had never observed warm winds in the valley, but the gradual increase in temperature is a cause of worry for locals. \"Snow on peaks is melting fast. This is evident from the fact that Chenab river is in spate now and is rising by the day. It is unbelievable -- Most of us are not used to fans, but had to buy one,\" he said.Dr Jagdish Chander, geography and environmental impact assessment scientist with Kullu-based Govind Ballabh Pant Institute of Himalayan Environment and Development, said that people are now able to identify signs of global warming, which is impacting their daily life. \"It is true that Himalayas are getting warmer gradually. The fast melting of snow at popular spots is a clear evidence. Extreme cold in winter and high temperature in summers is caused by pollution and increasing human intervention with nature,\" he added.It is noticeable that Rohtang pass had experienced snowfall during June and July months in last some years, but conditions are quite opposite this year. Concerned about the increasing temperature on mountains and receding glaciers, a high level committee of scientists of Snow and Avalanche Study Establishment (SASE) had held an important meeting in Manali to discuss the impact of global warming this year, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "kokrajhar", "code": "15112568", "title": "Ethnic clash in Assam: Army out in Kokrajhar as toll touches 19", "text": "KOKRAJHAR: The death toll in ethnic clashes in Assam's Kokrajhar and Chirang districts reached 19 with the recovery of five bodies on Monday. To control the violence that began last Friday, the Army held flag march in the two districts and additional paramilitary forces were deployed in Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC).BTC is governed under the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution, has four districts - Kokrajhar, Chirang, Baksa and Udalguri (all bordering Bhutan).At least three persons were injured in the police firing when a mob tried to create violence. Train services through BTC were hit when mobs blocked railway tracks and threw stones in protest against the killings. BTC inspector general of police S N Singh told TOI that curfew had been imposed in the twin districts to check further escalation of violence.\"We have issued prohibitory orders and curfew will continue. We have stepped up the deployment of security forces in sensitive areas,\" Singh said, adding that of the 19 deaths, 15 were in Kokrajhar and four in Chirang district.Union home minister P Chidambaram called up Assam CM Tarun Gogoi, who briefed him about the steps taken by the state government to bring back normalcy in the troubled areas. Assam forest minister Rockybul Hussain, civil supplies minister Najrul Islam and transport minister Chandan Brahma have been camping in Kokrajhar. They held a meeting with the district administrations and civil society organisations to help control the situation. \"We are doing our best to bring the situation under control. Security forces have been asked to take prompt action against miscreants. We appeal to people not to heed to rumours,\" Hussain said.A mob ransacked the office of the Bodoland People's Front (BPF), damaged cars and government properties in Gauripur town. The mob blocked the New Delhi-bound Rajdhani Express between Kokrajhar and Gossaigaon and pelted stones at it. The train was allowed to move following security reinforcement. Many trains were stopped before reaching Kokrajhar.Over 50,000 people have been affected in the spate of violence in the two districts since late Friday night, when workers of BPF, the ruling coalition partner in Assam, were killed at Namapara village by miscreants suspected to be Muslims. This led to attacks and counter-attacks. On Saturday morning, gunmen opened fire on the villagers at Duramari in Kokrajhar killing one person and injuring five. This again led to the killing of three Bodo tribals in Parugura village of Kokrajhar. On Sunday and Monday, the violence continued.On Monday, houses in 10 villages belonging to Bodos and Muslims in Kokrajhar district were set ablaze. People rushed to 36-odd relief camps for safety. Many, especially from the Muslim community, have moved out of BTC areas to avoid further trouble.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15112936", "title": "Nashik Municipal Corporation to scan documents to protect data", "text": "NASHIK: In view of the recent fire that broke out in Mantralaya, Mumbai, the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) has decided to safeguard its important documents and sensitive data by having files across all departments scanned and saved electronically.\"We are planning to undertake a scanning project, soon and have asked concerned officials to present their proposal over the matter at the earliest. Files and documents from departments such as engineering, town planning, accounts and others will be scanned. In additiona to this, documents presented and relating to standing committee and general body meetings will also be scanned. This measure should help the NMC protect all its key data also will also avoid incidents such as file leakages,\" municipal commissioner Sanjay Khandare said.\"We are planning to introduce a SAP system within NMC to integrate the functioning of all departments. Accordingly, we have started working on a module called Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP). This will help synergize inter-deparatmental workflow, from town planning to water supply, as well, and will streamline administrative tasks within the civic body,\" Khandare added.ERP systems are used widely to integrate internal and external management information across an entire organization, including finance and accounting.The purpose of ERP is to facilitate the flow of information between business operations and administrative functions and manage an organizations connections with external stakeholders as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15114254", "title": "Now, woman raped inside police station in Kushinagar district", "text": "LUCKNOW: Yet another woman has accused a police officer and a village chowkidar of raping her inside a police station in Kushinagar. The victim's medical examination has confirmed rape. A case of rape and assault has been lodged against the two accused who are absconding.Recently, a sub-inspector posted at Maal police station on city's outskirts was arrested on charges of raping a woman inside the police station while a similar allegation was made against an SI in Sitapur. In Sitapur, the district police chief came to the rescue of the accused SI and eventually the victim herself was charged with lodging a false complaint.In Kushinagar, a middle aged resident of Gaunahi village under Khadda police station was allegedly raped by a village chowkidaar and sub-inspector of the same police station on July 17. The village chowkidar Vijay Verma took the victim, aged around 35 years, to meet sub-inspector Virendra Kumar on the pretext of arranging a job of woman village chowkidar for her.The victim, whose husband is a labourer and works outside UP, stays with her in-laws.At the police station, the woman was made to consume liquor. Thereafter, she was first raped by the chowikdar and then by the S-I on July 17. The woman claims to have been knocked off unconscious.Later, the victim managed to flee from the police station and told her in-laws about the incident. She also informed her husband about the incident who rushed to Kushinagar. The family then tried to lodge a police complaint but was turned away by the cops. It was only after the incident came in the media on Sunday, the complaint was filed at the instance of circle officer Vinod Kumar. The victim was sent for the medical examination.Though senior officers had learnt that woman's charges were true, they waited for her medical report to lodge a case of gangrape against the two accused. The victim has been admitted to the district hospital where she is undergoing treatment.Meanwhile, theaccused S-I along with five other cops who were present at the police station at the time of inicdent have been suspendedADG Crime Jagmohan Yadav has directed IG Gorakhpur Bhavesh Kumar to visit the crime scene and the victim and initiate early arrest of the accused. Shortly after the incident came to light on Sunday, the accused SI proceeded on emergency leave and is untraceable since then. Senior officers have assured security for the victim and her family in case there were complaints of any threat to them from the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15115813", "title": "Baroda Cricket Association played pivotal role in transforming Ranji Trophy format", "text": "VADODARA: This Ranji season, cricketers across the country will play the matches in a completely new format adopted by Board of Control for Cricket in India (Bwherein all the 27 Ranji teams have been divided into three categories. The new format is expected to benefit all the Ranji teams as they will be able to play more matches against each other. While the cricketers have welcomed the move, few know that Baroda Cricket Association (BCA) played pivotal role in the BCCI's decision of changing the Ranji format. Suggestions to improve cricket at first-class level were first discussed in the captains and coaches conclave that was held some months ago.\"We had made some suggestions of which one was to bring in new format that could give equal platforms to all the teams. BCA had suggested doing away with elite and plate league as it would give all the teams more chances to perform,\" said BCA vice-president Samarjitsinh Gaekwad.\"Earlier, players were judged according to the league they played in. If some player performed well in plate league his performance wasn't given due importance as it was assumed that his opponents were weak. The new format will give everyone level-playing field. The idea is to improve cricket across the country,\" Gaekwad told TOI and added that now Ranji Trophy would be more like national championship.BCA sources said the conclave was attended by Baroda Ranji captain Pinal Shah and coach Sanath Kumar . The issue was discussed by BCCI's technical committee and then cleared by the working committee recently. As of now, Ranji teams get to play about six matches in the league stage in Ranji Trophy. However, the new format will ensure that the teams play at least eight matches against each other in league round. In the altered format, the 27 Ranji teams have been divided into A, B C groups and each group has nine teams.\"Three top teams of the plate league have been put in A and B groups that will increase the number of matches played in both the groups. Earlier, players had to miss out on entire season if they missed a couple of Ranji games due injuries or other reasons. But now, they will have more chances to perform,\" said BCA sources.\"Indian team is weak on fast wickets and it was evident in our 4-0 thrashing in both Australia and England. We had also suggested to allow two bouncers per over in Ranji games so that batsmen get used to playing such deliveries. Also, we had suggested that BCCI should announce award for best curator - for preparing quality wicket - after every Ranji season,\" Gaekwad said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15115945", "title": "Woman held for swindling depositors of Rs 75 lakh", "text": "CHENNAI: A 55-year-old woman who swindled Rs 75 lakh from depositors by running a chit fund company in Thiruvanmiyur was arrested by police on Monday.Police said Mariyammal of Srinivasan Nagar collected the money from depositors and absconded. Mariyammal, who had been running a chit fun for more than 15 years, collected huge sums from her neighbours.Police launched a hunt for the woman after 40 people lodged a complaint with commissioner of police J K Tripathy earlier this month alleging that she had escaped with the money deposited by them.On Monday, police nabbed Mariyammal in Madurai.After she was nabbed, Mariyammal confessed to the police that a few people who had borrowed money failed to return it forcing her to swindle money.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15115719", "title": "Raksha Bandhan celebrations: Railway comes up with special rakhi envelopes", "text": "ALLAHABAD: For the safe and sure delivery of 'rakhis', the postal department has introduced special tamper proof and waterproof 'rakhi' envelopes. These envelopes are available at the post offices across the country.Director, postal services, Allahabad Region, Krishna Kumar Yadav said since Rakshabandhan is celebrated during monsoon season, when the weather is very humid, and paper envelopes get moist, these specially designed rakhi envelopes offer a better option.These rakhi envelopes are offered in dimension of 11 cm x 22 cm these envelopes are priced at Rs. 7/- per envelop excluding Postal charges.These designer envelopes are available in six varieties.Special feature of these envelopes is \"Peal and Seal\" mechanism which do not require use of gums or adhesives and are easy to use and dispose off.Yadav said that special arrangements have been made at all Head Post Offices of Allahabad Region including Allahabad Head Post Office and Allahabad Kutchery Head Post Office for safe and time bound delivery of Rakhi Mail.Besides this Special Post Boxes are arranged in the premises of these offices for the purpose of sending Rakhis and which are not mingled with other mails. Once sorted out they are dispatched to their respective destinations to ensure timely delivery.Apart from this separate boxes are made available for metro cities like Delhi, Kolkata, Chennai and Mumbai to save time in sorting and speed up delivery on time. He further told that if the mail volume increases, additional arrangements will be made for delivery on time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15114783", "title": "Going for sex-determination jugular", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The sting-operation on Dr Girijesh Agarwal in Meghaninagar is a part of sustained and intense crackdown unleashed on erring doctors under the Pre-Conception Pre-Natal Diagnostic Techniques Act (PCPNDT) Act in Ahmedabad. Dr Hemang Shah and his accomplice Ashok Patel who were earlier caught red-handed revealing the sex of a foetus on May 18 and charging Rs 9,000 are still cooling their heels in Sabarmati Central Jail.They are the first doctors in the state to be in police and judicial custody for over 60 days after their arrests under the PCPNDT Act. The duo was caught in a sting operation by the district health department at Umiya Nursing Home in Naroda. Patel worked as an agent and middleman and offered to determine the sex of the foetus of a three-months pregnant woman for Rs 9,000. Dr Shah used a portable sonography machine in the hospital and conducted the test illegally.Officials said that instead of flashes of action against erring doctors earlier, the campaign to save the girl child has been more sustained and cases filed are air-tight to get maximum convictions.\"We have decided to launch a sustained crackdown against doctors violating the PCPNDT Act. The skewed sex ratio of the district cannot be set right by one or two crackdowns. A systematic operation has been planned against erring doctors,\" said district collector Vijay Nehra.The collector said that aiming for maximum social and legal punishment for erring doctors is desirable so as to set an example that sex determination is a non-profitable business which when busted can completely ruin the career of a doctor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15115009", "title": "Keshubhai's birthday bash in Surat today", "text": "SURAT: The Keshubhai Patel Birthday Celebration Committee under Parivartan Manch it seems has realized its mistake of wooing only members of Patel community.The birthday bash is on July 24 in the city and the committee has started to send invitations to people belonging to other communities too living in the Saurashtrian dominated areas here. Former mayor and leader of MahaGujarat Janta Party (MJP) Fakir Chauhan said, \"We have not omitted any caste or community. Our people have gone from house to house in many areas of the city and distributed invitations to every one.\"Sitaram Nagar where the public celebration is going to be held falls under Varacha police station limits. The other side of the road is in the jurisdiction of Puna police station. The organizers have obtained police permission to host the public meeting till 10 pm on July 24. The organizers said the meeting will start at 7 pm. \"We expect the diamond workers to return from work and join us,\" Chauhan said.However, some of the diamond unit owners were not very enthusiastic about the meeting. One of them said, \"We think most of the diamond workers will stay away from this meeting as they don't won't to be seen as political opponents of BJP.\"A senior BJP leader said, \"We have no comments to make on the issue.\" Apart from Keshubhai, Kashiram Rana , Suresh Mehta, Kanu Kalsariya and Gordhan Zadaphia are slated to address the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15115728", "title": "Hospital renders yeoman\u2019s service to weavers", "text": "VARANASI: The health insurance scheme for weavers provides medical facilities to the community through selected hospitals in different areas of the district. A hospital established in 1976 for weavers and their families is providing health services to them. It is yet to be empanelled in the list of hospitals under the insurance scheme.Maulana Azad Bunkar Hospital, situated in Alaipur area near Badi Bazaar, is registered as a trust and managed by some well-established weavers and doctors belong to weaver families. The hospital has 20 doctors, out of which 15 are specialists. Around 80 to 90 patients arrive at OPD while there is a facility of 50 beds in the in-patient department (IPD).\"There are gynaecologists, general physicians, ENT and eye specialists, paediatricians and obstetricians. There is a neurosurgeon also available on call. The hospital also has a separate section for women patients and facility of X-ray and blood tests,\" secretary of the trust Jalil Ahmed said.The money that is required in managing the hospital and cost of medicines which are distributed free to patients are met by donations that come from people. \"There are some permanent donors while some people do the charity during Ramzan,\" Dr R Ahmed Ansari, son of a weaver and doctor in the hospital, said. The hospital also has a DOTs centre, which is awaiting funds from the government for last two years. It is also being managed with the charity funds. Dr Liyaqat Ali, who looks after the DOTs centre, said 35 patients suffering with tuberculosis visit the centre per day.Despite looking after a population of around four lakh weavers dwelling in areas like Badi Bazaar, Alaipur, Adampur, Chhittanpura, Jaitpura and other localities, the hospital has not yet been mentioned in the list of empanelled OPD and IPD centres under Health Insurance Scheme.Assistant director, Weavers Service Centre, Tapan Sharma said that around 35,000 weavers own the Bunkar identity card in the district while the total households of community in the state is 1,10,542.\"Weavers generally do not have sound economic background. They cannot afford to go to nursing homes and private hospitals.The cost of health services is going up. We have to give payments to doctors and staff. We have attempted to get empanelled under the health insurance scheme and written to the authorities concerned about it but our application is still pending,\" Jalil Ahmed said. No hospitals are empanelled under the scheme in the areas where the maximum number of weavers live, he pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15114503", "title": "Union debut of Sheila in offing?", "text": "NEW DELHI: The political circuit in the capital may be abuzz with talks of Sheila Dikshit being pitched for a cabinet berth at the Centre in the next reshuffle, but the three-time chief minister of Delhi herself has left the matter open ended and is focusing on the 2013 Assembly polls.With several mega schemes to be inaugurated since August 15, Dikshit said she was busy in her role as CM. However, she was also quick to indicate that if her party leadership has other plans, she is certainly not unwilling to assume a new role.On the speculation over her exit from Delhi and entry into the central corridors of power, Dikshit told TOI: \"I have not been informed about any such thing. I have no such ambition. I have a job to do and I am doing it. As the Delhi CM, my role is cut out. It is for others to think.\"Coming back to her government and her vision for the same in the next six months, the chief minister said expediting projects and delivering on the promises made in the 2012-13 budget would be crucial. With the Assembly polls scheduled at the end of 2013, the budgetary outlay seeks to woo the traditional Congress vote banks among the poor, marginalized and residents of unauthorized colonies.The planning department has already set up a joint programme implementation committee. This body, led by principal secretary, planning, will identify new projects, assist in speedy clearance, resolve inter-departmental issues and monitor progress.On August 15, 150 anganwadi centres will be inaugurated. The same day, a Rs 100-crore project to set up an information technology institute in Okhla will be launched.The government will also launch its flagship scheme to make Delhi kerosene free soon after Independence Day. Announced in the budget, the scheme plans to give a gas connection and a stove to around 1.75 lakh poor households still using kerosene.A number of projects, including Annashree Yojna, will be inaugurated on Gandhi Jayanti, October 2. Under it, a food subsidy of Rs 600 will be provided to vulnerable households not covered either by BPL card or Antyodaya Yojna. A hostel building for SC girls will also be inaugurated. Two government school projects at Keshopura and Nilothi are to be launched on November 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15113609", "title": "New portal for distance education programmes", "text": "MUMBAI: It's official. The Maharashtra Knowledge Corporation Limited (MKCL) will not conduct online admissions for the Institute of Distance and Open Learning (IDOL), Mumbai University. Instead, web-enabled service portal, Mahaonline will conduct the online admissions to distance education programmes. The admissions will mostly start from July 27. Students will have to download the forms from the website, take a print and submit the filled forms at one of the 17 affiliated colleges which have been designated as IDOL centres. A form will cost Rs 20.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "kishanganj/katihar", "code": "15115293", "title": "BJP MLC held on murder charge", "text": "KISHANGANJ/KATIHAR: BJP MLC, Ashok Kumar Agrawal, when he was arrested in a midnight swoop from his residence-cum-petrol pump at Katihar on Sunday on the charge of killing his 35-year old employee, Dhiraj Mahto, on July 17. He was produced before Katihar's chief judicial magistrate R N Tripathy, who remanded him to judicial custody.Katihar SP Kim, who herself pursued investigation into the murder after joining here on Friday, confirmed the arrest and the judicial remand. There were contradictions between what Agrawal contended and the evidences collected by the investigating agencies at the place of occurrence, she said.The needle of suspicion always pointed towards the BJP MLC ever since Dhiraj Mahto was killed inside the guard room of the former's residence-cum-petrol pump.The slain employee's brother, Niraj Mahto, claiming to be an eyewitness to the incident, had, in an FIR lodged with Sahayak police station, Katihar, named Agrawal as the man who, in a fit of fury, had pulled the trigger following a spat with Dhiraj Mahto. However, Agrawal had told TOI on the day of the incident that Dhiraj was killed when a carbine accidentally went off while his bodyguard Awadh Kishore Yadav was cleaning it.The incident had raised a huge public outcry, torching of the MLC's vehicle and vandalism. Sources said this was the second such incident involving Agrawal in four years as another of his employees, Vijay Thakur, was also killed near Bhasna bridge on the outskirts of Katihar in 2008, and that too in \"accidental firing\" as claimed by the MLC.Following the arrest, BJP has suspended him from the party till he is absolved of the charge, according to state BJP chief Dr C P Thakur and general secretary Mangal Pandey.Agrawal, who is a first-term MLC, has all too often been embroiled in controversies. In the case of killing of Vijay Thakur, he got a breather when Patna HC granted him bail. His arms license was cancelled by the DM in 2011, but he allegedly got it restored through political muscle-flexing. Agrawal was again in the eye of a storm when police opened fire on Bihar Industrial Area Development Authority land at Forbesganj in 2011 where his son Saurav Agrawal was setting up a starch factory. Nearly a dozen cases of murder, loot and other nature are pending against him, police sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15114133", "title": "Final round of admissions to professional courses kicks off", "text": "PANAJI: The second and final round of admissions to professional degree courses based on the Goa Common Entrance Test (GCET) scores began on Monday. There are over 200 seats up for grabs in medicine, engineering, pharmacy and homeopathy courses.The additional 50 seats sanctioned this year at the Goa Medical College (GMC) will be filled during this second round. At the new engineering college at Assagao, the third stream of electronics and communications engineering has received permission from the Goa University for an intake of 60 seats. These seats will also be allotted this week.\"Including the 60 new seats that have got permission at Assagao, there are 150 engineering seats to be filled up in the second round in all the four private engineering colleges in Goa. These are seats that had to be de-reserved as there were no eligible candidates in some of the reserved categories. Some students have qualified for seats in Indian Institutes of Technology and National Institutes of Technology and given up the engineering seat in Goa. These will also be filled this week,\" a source from the directorate of technical education ( DTE) said.The second round of admissions will take place from July 23 to 26. Classes for the new academic year have begun for all professional degree courses except in GMC, where the academic year will begin on August 1 as per guidelines of the Medical Council of India.\"There will be over 200 seats up for grabs in the second round of admissions. Other than the 50 new medical seats and 150 engineering seats, we have a few in pharmacy and homeopathy courses also which have fallen vacant,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "15115446", "title": "Villagers block road, disrupt traffic for 9 hours in Sindri", "text": "SINDRI: Traffic on Baliapur-Jharia road remained disrupted for nearly nine hours on Monday following a blockade by local villagers under Kisan Sangram Samittee, an affiliate of Marxist Coordination committee (MCC).The villagers demanded maintenance of Kusumtand-Barmasia road and Baliapur-Jharia road, besides a ban on heavily-loaded vehicles on the road. Villagers staged a dharna to press for their demands and blocked the road from 5am on Monday. As a result, hundreds of trucks and other heavy earth moving vehicles remained stranded.The Kusumatand-Barmasia road, connecting Baliapur to Dhanbad, is in dilapidated state for the last one-and-half decade, alleged villagers adding that despite repeated reminders and agitation, the district administration did nothing to repair or reconstruct the road. Deep ditches and potholes have turned the road into a death trap, they asserted. The villagers are forced to take a longer route to reach the district headquarters. Similarly, the Baliapur-Jharia road has not been repaired for long and potholes have gone wide and deep. Vehicles breakdown on the street on a daily basis but the district administration or the BCCL management is reluctant to repair the road, they added.Demanding a ban on heavy earth moving vehicles and loaded trucks on the road, the Samitee members said that the district administration should build roads capable of bearing the load or stop such vehicles from plying on these roads.The blockade was lifted at around 2pm when executive engineer of road construction department, Manmohan Jha and REO Uday Pratap Singh assured the villagers of repairing the road at the earliest. \"A proposal for repairing the Kusumatand- Barmasia road at a cost of Rs. 3.27crores has already been submitted to the authorities and once it is approved, the repair work should start within a month,\" said Singh.Regarding Jharia-Baliapur road, they said that a contract has already been inked and the work should start from 25th of July.Former Sindri MLA Anand Mahto, Haldar Mahto, Bablu Mahto, Santosh Rawani, Hiralal Mahto, Anandmai Pal, Prahlad Mahto led the agitation, among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "15114354", "title": "Man reunites with wife after 17 years", "text": "AMRITSAR: For the past 17 years, 38-year-old Protima from Bengal's Burdwan district never missed wearing vermillion as she believed that her missing husband, Subodh Ravidas, would return home some day, even when her family presumed him to be dead.Her faith finally paid off as she was reunited with Ravidas on Monday. Ravidas was traced to an Amritsar mental asylum where he was admitted in 2007 following his repatriation from a Pakistan prison. He spent 12 years in jail. After five years of treatment, he regained his memory and officials in Amritsar got in touch with his family. But he is yet to recollect how he ended up in Pakistan all the way from Bengal.\"See the power of faith in vermillion. Though everybody said that my husband is dead, I got him back today,\" Protima told TOI and tried hard to fight back her tears. Holding her husband in a tight embrace, the 38-year-old said, \"Nobody knew his whereabouts so everyone in the family presumed that he had died and advised me not to wear vermillion.\"The moment Ravidas, a cobbler, saw his wife, he immediately recognized her. \"I can't express how happy I felt when my husband recognized me even after such a long time,\" said Protima.Amritsar's Institute of Mental Health director Dr B L Goyal said the cobbler was among the 19 mentally-ill patients admitted to the institute for treatment on August 14, 2007. \"Ravidas had lost his sense of time and distance and did not even know his name,\" Goyal said. Since Ravidas's name was mentioned as Amritsar resident Shambhu in the records, it was difficult to trace his family. \"It was due to medical treatment that he recovered his lost memory which helped us trace his whereabouts,\" added Goyal.\"Sometime back, he told us his name, village and wife's name. On that basis we took up the issue with the resident commissioner of West Bengal in Delhi, who confirmed that he belonged to the state and an FIR was registered after he had gone missing,\" said Goyal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15114399", "title": "Weaving basketfuls of hope", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Every once in a while, there comes an opportunity for one country to enrich what another country has, and for Africa's villages India might be the best thing that just happened to them.The National Institute of Design (NID) in Ahmedabad and the Union ministry of external affairs have signed a $1 million MoU to train and empower craftswomen in five African countries. By empowering the local artisans through design intervention, NID will ensure that the basket weaving community in Africa gets a facelift and this, in turn, will improve the bilateral trade between the countries. The five countries where this project will implemented are: Zimbabwe, Malawi, Ghana, Ethiopia and Zambia .With one in every three persons affected by HIV virus, women are mostly single and have to earn their livelihood. The only source of income there is basketry and that is what this project aims to improve.Earlier in the year, a team from NID visited Zimbabwe and met hundreds of such craftsmen mobilized by various NGOs. They selected 25 women to come for the second workshop back here in Ahmedabad. Divided in two groups; sisal weavers and bamboo weavers, these people are being taught various design methods, right from the beginning of product development to the finishing.With involvement of professors, design students, volunteers to expert weavers and artisans, the workshop is following a complete syllabus in design and product development. \"These people mainly weave baskets for storage and we are looking at creating more new-age products from them, like lights, lamp shades and stools. They are highly skilled so we want to move them out of their comfort zones and challenge them through design,\" says Shimul Mehta Vyas, activity chairman of the outreach programme at NID.The New Basket Workshop, a NGO that is collaborating with NID in this endeavour, wants the craftswomen to gather a solid knowledge of what they can do with the abundant natural resources they have back in Africa. \"The people in Zimbabwe can't afford to outsource any material for their weaving as everything is hideously expensive. Buying things from outside defeats the very purpose of trying to make them generate a steady income from their work,\" says Frances Potter, the lady behind the NGO.The techniques being taught include yarn tying and dyeing, a traditional Indian method that the Zimbabweans have picked up really fast. In the workshop, the bamboo weavers have been gifted with a kit that has hand made tools that split, splice and cut bamboo in seconds, majorly reducing the time spent in manually doing so.\"India is an expert in this field and we want these people to adopt Indian techniques and produce more to generate better income. They will also be teaching the rest of the weavers back home,\" says Vyas, calling this teaching model a trainer's training approach.Adding to this, NID wants to focus on the packaging and stacking ability of the products so that these craftswomen can market and export them. Currently, the baskets are mostly sold to the cooperatives locally. What's more, brands like Fab India are already keen to do business. More companies are going to be roped in by the end of this three-year India-Africa engagement.As a popular African saying goes, the water follows the slope, one hopes women empowerment will be realized in the basket weaving clusters of Africa through this project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15115612", "title": "Lieutenant General Ashok Singh on two-day visit", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The General Officer Commanding, STRIKE 1, Lieutenant General Ashok Singh will visit the city on July 24 and 25. This would be the first visit of the General Officer after the successful completion of 'Exercise Shoorveer' which was conducted in April and May this year.Public relation officer Defence, Group Captain Amit Mahajan said Lieutenant General Ashok Singh will inspect the 'operational readiness' of Red Eagle Division and interact with officers. The General Officer will also review the training facilities of the troops and their families in the Red Eagle Division.The Regional President AWWA, 1 Corps, Usha Singh, will meet the families of Junior Commissioned Officers and Other Ranks and will take a close look on the various welfare measures being undertaken by the Red Eagle Division for ensuring a happy and harmonious family life in the station.Lieutenant General Ashok Singh is a graduate of Defence Services Staff College, Long Defence Management Course, Master of Management Studies from Osmania University and Diploma in Advance Software Technology from CMC. He has held many command, staff and instructional assignments and has served in all types of terrain. The General Officer has served as Defence and Military Adviser in High Commission of India, Islamabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15118147", "title": "Hospital sensitizes traffic cops on pollution threats", "text": "BANGALORE: As one of the fastest growing metros in the world, Bangalore has developed its own set of challenges in terms of infrastructure and pollution. The increase in pollution levels in turn comes with its own set of health complications like respiratory diseases, skin irritation and cancer. With their round the clock duty on roads, traffic policemen bare the brunt of this increase in pollution and its ill-effects on a daily basis. Taking this in consideration, a multispeciality hospital in suburb Hebbal organized a 'health seminar' for the traffic policemen of Bangalore on July 21, 2012.The Programme, organized by Columbia Asia Hospital, Hebbal, was inaugurated by Narendra Kumar , ACP, Police department North and M M Mahadevaiaha, DCP of Police department North.Dr . Hirenappa, Consultant, Pulmonologist with the hospital took the policemen through the ill-effects of pollution on their health, complications arising from daily exposure, ways in which they can prevent long-term effects. Hospital also distributed 5000 facemasks to the 25 traffic policemen who attended the programme.\"Traffic policemen suffer the worst when it comes to pollution, and most of the time they are not aware of their health issues, so this is our way of educating and helping them prevent any future health complications,\" explained Jeremy D'Souza, General Manager, Columbia Asia Hospital, Hebbal.\"I have suffered respiratory disorder due to continuous exposure to pollution. Condition becomes worst during winter and monsoon when it is more cold,\" said Shanmugam, a traffic cop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15113667", "title": "IIT professor to head panel probing Freeway mishap", "text": "MUMBAI: A three-member technical committee\u2014headed by IIT-B professor Ravi Sinha\u2014will probe why Thursday's mishap on the under-construction Eastern Freeway took place. The panel, comprising PWD's chief engineer S B Tamsekar and MMRDA's transportation chief P R K Murthy, will submit its report within 15 days.\"The committee's report on the cause, the reasons involved (mainly the technical and human errors), and the suggestions and recommendations will form the base for our future course of action,\" said MMRDA spokesperson Dilip Kawathkar when asked whether such contractors will be punished. Interestingly, the MMRDA has already initiated action for blacklisting Simplex Infrastructure, which is the contractor for the Eastern Freeway and also for the Lalbaug flyover where a cement block had fallen in April this year.However, some experts in the transport sector have criticized the MMRDA and state government for including their own officers in the probe committee, which was earlier claimed to consist of independent third-party experts.Countering these allegations, Kawathkar said the committee was proposed to be led by an independent expert from IIT with one official from the state government and one from MMRDA to help him.Meanwhile, after 72 hours, the MMRDA and its contractors removed the fallen segments and the truss from the site to open the Barkat Ali Road for traffic. Earlier, it was claimed that the road would be opened within 24 hours but the delay has raised doubts over the capacity of the administration in handling such situations. But Kawathkar commended the administration for speedy action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15115664", "title": "Pranab's election hailed", "text": "The Bengali Social and Cultural Association has hailed the election of Congress leader Pranab Mukherjee as the country's 13th President. Association said that during his last visit to the city in February this year, Mukherjee had also visited the association's office. In a faxed message, Congress MLA from City North Anugrah Narayan Singh has congratulated Mukherjee on his election as the 13th President on behalf of people of the Sangam city. Congress leader Syed Rashid Husain also hailed Pranab's election.Visit: The General Officer Commanding, STRIKE 1, Lieutenant General Ashok Singh will visit the city on July 24 and 25. This would be the first visit of the General Officer after the successful completion of 'Exercise Shoorveer' which was conducted in April and May this year.Joined: Former principal of Boys High School (BHS) CV Innes and former HM of Holy Trinity, D Innes have joined Delhi Public School, Allahabad as Directors of the institute. A welcome ceremony was conducted in the presence of Sonu Singh Raghav, President and DPS staff.Nominated: Krishna Murari Lal has been nominated as the district president of the Rashtriya Shaikshik Mahasangh, Uttar Pradesh.AU NoticeUS Embassy presentation: Dean Students Welfare said officials of US Embassy propose to make a presentation before our students/research scholars at 12 noon on July 24 in the North Hall, Senate House. The theme of the presentation will be focusing on Indo-US educational exchange.Admission: Principal, Jagat Taran Girls Degree College said counselling for BCom I ( self finance) will be held as: July 24 - All reserved SC and ST candidates 80 marks and above, reserved OBC (Non-creamy layer). Candidates should report for counseling in the college between 9am and 11 am with all documents. Admission will be done according to merit till the availability of seats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15113800", "title": "SC admits govt plea against quashing of Muslim sub-quota", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday admitted the Union government's appeal challenging a judgment of Andhra Pradesh high court, which quashed the Centre's decision to carve 4.5% quota for Muslim groups within the 27% OBC reservation in jobs and admission to central educational institutions.A bench of Justices K S Radhakrishnan and Dipak Misra admitted the Centre's appeal and ordered it to be tagged with a pending appeal of Andhra Pradesh government challenging another decision of the HC on carving out of 4% quota for Muslims in jobs. During the summer vacation, the Union had pleaded for an interim stay on the HC decision so as to implement the Muslim sub-quota in IIT admissions, but the vacation bench had refused to grant the interim relief saying the decision on Muslim sub-quota prima facie appeared to be against the mandate of the Constitution.In Andhra Pradesh, the quota for Muslims had a history starting from the YSR Reddy government's 2004 decision to carve out 5% quota in favour of the minority community. After the decision was quashed by the HC in September, 2004, the government had passed an ordinance in 2005 to implement the reservations for Muslims. But, the HC again quashed it in November 2005.Subsequently, the state backward commission recommended 4% quota for Muslims in jobs and admissions after identifying 15 groups within the minority community as socially and educationally backward. But, the HC yet again quashed it in February, 2010. This was challenged by the state government in the apex court, which stood referred to a constitution bench for adjudication and the matter is still pending.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15115294", "title": "\u2018Mogra Fullala\u2019 on July 26", "text": "INDORE: A musical nite 'Mogra Fullala' dedicated to the Maharashtrian community would be organized at Rajendra Mathur Sabhagraha at the press club on Thursday. The show would be led by renowned TV artist Varsha Jhalani, who has performed in 24 TV reality shows.Varsha who is known for singing a musical number \"Tumko Hamari Umar Lag Jaye\" dedicated to Lata Mangeshkar has been performing in many cities of Madhya Pradesh as well as Maharashtra. \"As part of the series this musical night would be held for the first time in Marathi language comprising of some selected songs of Lata Mangeshkar,\" said Varsha adding that she will be accompanied by singers Sonali Ranade and Vrinda Mule.Varsha Jalani in a chat with TOI said, \"I am not a Maharashtrian but my love for Lata Mangeshkar made me learn marathi and sing songs in the language she loves, I share a strong bond with this language which urged me to initiate this programme.\"Some of the known instrument artists like Vijay Gavde (Harmonium), Deepesh Jain (Synthesizer), Hemendra Mahavar (Tabla), Nitesh Shetty (Guitar), Kapil Rathore (Octopad), Amol Karkhanis (Dholak) and Sugandha Behre (anchoring) will participate in the programme. On the occasion musical virtuoso of the Maharashtrian community, Suman Tai Dandekar will be honoured with 'swar vibhuti samman' by Sargam organization.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "sircilla", "code": "15113799", "title": "State govt blamed for plight of weavers", "text": "SIRCILLA: Even as TRS held late CM Rajasekhara Reddy responsible for the plight of weavers, YSR CP honorary president Vijayamma tried to turn the tables on the state government alleging that it had failed to implement the massive relief package announced by her husband for the weavers of Sircilla.She claimed that YSR had spun a magic in the lives of weavers as he waived their loans and paid ex gratia to the kin of weavers who committed suicide during the TDP rule. It was the state government which did not honour his promises, she said. Urging the TRS leaders not to link her visit with Telangana issue, Vijayamma appealed to them to support her in voicing the problems of weavers.As the crowds of over 10,000 - some of them mobilized from Siddipet, Huzurabad and Nizamabad - listened to her, Vijayamma tried to win their hearts by claiming that her son Jaganmohan Reddy would come to power in 2014 and fulfill all the welfare schemes and promises made by YSR. She said her party would implement Rs 700 pension to the weavers and Rs 1,000 to their children. She said it was YSR who provided 50,000 pensions to the weavers at Sircilla and 35 kg rice under Antyodaya scheme to the families.\"We appeal to the TRS workers and leader not to create problems for the sake of political gains. Our protest was aimed at highlighting the problems of weavers and mount pressure on the government to take steps for the welfare of weavers,\" YSRCP MLA Sobha Nagireddy, who was part of the Vijayamma convoy, said.Earlier, tension prevailed at Komuravelli village of Cherial mandal in Warangal district when Vijayamma's convoy passed through the village. Some YSR CP leaders said she would halt at the village to pray at the Mallikharjuna Swamy temple but her convoy did not make a halt. Some TRS Vidyarthi activists climbed atop a water tank at Komuravelli to protest against her visit.Over 300 preventive arrests of TRS workers was made in Medak and Karimnagar districts as a precautionary measure to maintain law and order even as some TRS leaders were moved to other locations. \"A majority of the preventive arrests have been made in Siddipet and nearby places,\" Medak district SP P J Victor said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15116973", "title": "Bhansali snubs Karan Johar, will appear alongside SRK", "text": "Earlier, we told you how Sanjay Leela Bhansali, faced with the prospect of bumping into chief guest Karan Johar at his sister Bela Sehgal's poster launch of Shirin Farhad Ki Nikal Padi, gave the event a miss altogether. At the time, Bhansali had reasoned he never puts in more than one appearance for any of his films.However, TOI has found Bhansali plans to compensate for his absence at the earlier do by attending the music launch of Shirin Farhad..., to be held today. What's more, it is learnt Shah Rukh will be chief guest at the event. So what gives readers may recall the much publicised fallout between Bhansali and Shah Rukh, when Saawariya and Om Shanti Om, respectively, had released on the same day. At the time, there had been reports of Shah Rukh taking potshots at Bhansali with the latter retaliating by questioning the superstar's dignity.In recent times though, Shah Rukh and Bhansali have made efforts to reconcile their differences. For instance, when Shah Rukh was shooting at Mehboob Studios and he came to know Bhansali was there too shooting for his film Guzaarish, the actor made it a point to pay him a visit and clear the air. After the release of Guzaarish, Shah Rukh had even called Bhansali to compliment him.A source close to the project told us, \"With the earlier poster launch, where both Farah and Boman were dressed in Kuch Kuch Hota Hai costumes, Bhansali's absence was relevant. But this time round, Bhansali is making an exception for Shah Rukh and breaking his trend of appearing only once for his films.\"Interestingly, the music launch of Bela's Shirin Farhad Ki Nikal Padi will see all three: Farah, Shah Rukh and Bhansali, share the same podium, making way for ending past differences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15114402", "title": "More Indian words in eighth edition of Oxford Dictionary", "text": "LUCKNOW: Don't feel guilty the next time you use the word 'prepone'. Now, it's very much a part of the Oxford Dictionary. Oxford University Press that has recently launched the 8th edition of the dictionary has given more space to Indian words such as 'revert', 'co-cousin', 'cousin-brother' and others. Besides, it has also included modern word - 'chillax' - derived from two different words - chill and relax.This information was shared by managing editor, English Dictionaries, OUP, UK, Joanna Turnbull who conducted a workshop highlighting the use of English dictionary.Turnbull said, ''The English language dictionary is not only meant to give meanings of difficult language words. But, it also serves as a significant tool to enhance the knowledge and build up a sound English vocabulary in children.\"According to her, the 8th edition of the dictionary focuses less on English words and more on improving writing skills.The 7th edition of the dictionary, which was launched in 2007 has approximately 200 Indian words.During the workshop which was attended by teachers of prominent English schools in Lucknow, Turnbull said, ''The Oxford Press has presented an innovative way to improve writing skills among children by using digital technology called as Oxford Writing Tutor.\" She added that through this new method, children can improve their creative writing skills, email drafting, summary, data reporting and others.An English expert, Turnbull also highlighted the usefulness of a dictionary in the classroom and suggested ways and means to solve problems that students often face while learning to read and write English language.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "15118113", "title": "Industrialists faces heat due to unscheduled power cuts", "text": "AMRITSAR: Poor power supply has virtually brought the industry on brink of collapse in Punjab. Due to frequent power cuts the industrialists are not only unable to fulfill their business commitments but are also facing losses on machinery breakdown resulting out of low voltage and intermittent power supply.\"There can't be worse situation than this, industry across the state is in shambles and on verge of collapse due to irregular power supply \" said President of Punjab Pardesh Beopar Mandal, Amrit Lal Jain while talking to TOI on Tuesday. He said the furnace mill plants of Mandi Gobindgarh , foundry industry of Batala , woolen , cycle etc industry of Ludhiana were facing acute problems due to unscheduled power cuts. \"Leave alone industry, even a common housewife is utterly upset due to power cuts this year\" he said.While ridiculing government's claims of making Punjab a power surplus state he said \"One may make tall claims in Public gatherings but reality is all together different and we the industrialists are facing heat of it\".President of Shawl Club India, Pyara Lal Seth said that production had already gone down by almost 50%. \"We are not able to deliver orders and over that the recent power tariff hike will only add to our losses\" he said.President of Focal Points Industries Association Kamal Kishore Aggarwal said that besides poor production, the irregular power supply has led to labour problems in the industry. \"Labour argues with us if we deduct their wages \" he said. He said the industrialists were completely dependent on government for power supply and had to bow before their dictates like recent power hike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15113592", "title": "\u2018Bombay\u2019 removed from 84 Maharashtra Acts", "text": "MUMBAI: Maharashtra on Monday did away with the remnants of its affiliation with the erstwhile Bombay state by replacing the word \"Bombay\" from 84 Acts.Sixteen years after the city was renamed Mumbai, the state legislative assembly unanimously approved a bill to remove the word \"Bombay\" from the Acts and rules.As per the approved legislation, \"Bombay\" will be replaced by \"Maharashtra\". Also, references to \"Bombay\" or \"Greater Bombay\" in such Acts or in any other state enactment, rules, regulations, by-laws, schemes, notifications, orders or instruments will be replaced with \"Mumbai\" or \"Brihanmumbai\". The state government has, however, clarified that the context and citations of these Acts will remain unchanged.Justifying the change in titles, the government said the Acts were enacted before the reorganization of the state on May 1,1960, when today's states of Gujarat and Maharashtra were a part of the state (province originally) of Bombay. It argued that the change would facilitate their citation and application to the existing Maharashtra state by more appropriate short titles.During the discussion, Shiv Sena leader Subhash Desai and MNS legislator Nitin Sardesai pointed out that similar changes were necessary in 85 other Acts. Sardesai further said the government should approach the Centre for a change in the nomenclature of institutions like the Bombay Bar Association, the Bombay high court, etc. Desai initially opposed the proposal to replace all \"Bombay Acts\" with \" Maharashtra Acts\", advocating that the appropriate ones could be referred to as \"Mumbai Acts\". Opposition legislators Ganpatrao Deshmukh, Vivek Pandit and Eknath Khadse also spoke on the issue. The bill was unanimously approved after minister of state for general administration department Fauzia Khan committed that a proposal to replace the names of the remaining 85 Acts will be expedited.The assembly also approved a bill to grant powers of civil court to the Maharashtra State Minorities Commission. A bill to permit the BMC to levy fee or collect a share of unearned income on transfer of lands leased by it was, however, held back after the opposition raised certain technical objections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15114747", "title": "Centre sends 1,400 more men to violence hit Assam", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre on Monday rushed an additional 1,400 paramilitary personnel to Assam to assist the local administration in bringing back peace in violence-hit Bodoland Territorial Administered Districts (BTAD) as the ethnic clashes have now spread to an area of 8,000 sq km, comprising 400 villages.Nearly 9,000 paramilitary personnel are already deployed in the northeastern state to maintain law and order. Shoot-at-sight order was issued on Monday and indefinite curfew clamped in entire Kokrajhar district, where the toll in the ethnic violence mounted to 19.Concerned over the violence, home minister P Chidambaram called up Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi, who briefed him about the latest developments and the steps taken by the state government to bring back normalcy in the troubled areas.Home ministry officials, including home secretary R K Singh, are in touch with state government officials and have offered all possible help to defuse the situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15115229", "title": "HC to private medical colleges: Take admission under govt quota", "text": "PATNA: A division bench of Patna high court, on Monday, directed the two private medical colleges of the state - Katihar Medical College, Katihar, and Mata Gujari Memorial Medical College, Kishanganj - to take admission of aspirants on postgraduate medical seats, as per the merit list of the competition conducted by a state government agency, under the 50% state quota within 10 days.The division bench comprising Justice Shiva Kirti Singh and Justice Vikash Jain thus stayed the earlier order of a single bench presided by Justice P C Verma. They were hearing a batch of Letters Patent Appeals (LPAs) of Dr Ranjeet Kumar and others challenging the verdict of the single bench, which had dismissed the petitioners' writ petitions.With stay on the verdict of the single bench, the verdict of another single bench presided by Justice Navin Sinha, which had held valid the 50% state government quota in admission to PG Medical seats in the two college becomes operative.The court directed the state government to take measures so that the two private medical colleges comply with the court order. The government has also been asked to file a compliance report.The division bench appreciated the state government plea made by additional advocate general Lalit Kishore that the Medical Council of India (MCI) regulations had made the provision for admission against 50% PG medical seats in private medical colleges under the state government quota.Justice P C Verma's bench had, while dismissing the writ petitions of Dr Ranjeet Kumar and others, held valid the plea of the respondents in that case - Katihar Medical College and Mata Gujari Medical College - that there can be no state government quota in minority unaided colleges. The single bench had based its verdict on the basis of a seven-judge bench of Supreme Court in Inamdar case that there could be no government quota in unaided colleges.The division bench on Monday held valid the plea of the appellants, Dr Ranjeet Kumar and others, on the basis of the ruling of an 11-judge bench of Supreme Court for 50% state quota in admission to technical institutions, including PG medical seats in private medical colleges. The division bench held that the ruling of the 11-judge bench of Supreme Court will remain effective.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "15115317", "title": "Power price hike irks Punjab industry", "text": "JALANDHAR: Expressing strong opposition to the hike in power tariff for industry the Industrial organizations have demanded that the hike be withdrawn within 10 days or they would resort to agitation.A meeting of several organizations of the industries was held on Monday following which they announced that they would not pay the 12.8% tariff hike.Addressing a press conference, Gurhsharan Singh, president of Federation of Jalandhar Industrial and Traders Associations, said that this hike in tariff would be unbearable for the industry which was already grappling with several problems and even its survival was getting difficult.\"Implementation of the hike in tariff from April 1 with retrospective effect was ridiculous and irrational as industry had not included the increased cost in its cost of production and had even supplied the materials produced during the past months,\" he argued.He and other industry leaders said that they would not deposit the increased tariff and dared the government to take action against them. \"Industry in Punjab is already reeling under crisis due to the tax concessions in bordering states and now such steps would further sniff out the industry,\" industry leaders said.They said that when Congress in Punjab increased duty on electricity from 5 to 13%, SAD and BJP made a hue and cry and demanded its withdrawal but now during their own rule, their policies were going anti-industry.\"Why don't they reduce the duty from 13 to 5% as propounded by them,\" the industrialists asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15115748", "title": "Talks with V-C fails, Madurai Kamaraj University students to continue protest", "text": "MADURAI: Vice-chancellor of Madurai Kamaraj University, Kalyani Mathivanan held talks on Monday evening with the students of the varsity, who were staging a protest for the past four days pressing various demands. However, the unrelenting students said that they would continue the protest on Tuesday also until they get written assurances from the vice-chancellor on their demands.\"We met the vice-chancellor in her chambers and explained our demands. She listened to all our demands, but her response was not satisfactory. So, we have decided to continue our protest till we get written assurances,\" said a student representative. The agitating students were told that the minutes of the talks held with the vice-chancellor would be given to them on Tuesday morning. The students alleged that vice-chancellor did not give any concrete assurances during the talks and said that if they did not receive satisfactory written assurances, they would continue the protest.While eight PhD scholars, two MPhil and two postgraduate (PG) students met the V-C as student representatives, Kalyani was flanked by registrar Pichumani, a syndicate member and three others. The talks lasted for two hours.The students, mostly PhD and MPhil scholars, besides PG students embarked on a protest four days back opposing various moves of the vice-chancellor. They primarily opposed the alleged closing down of three hostels, instructions that students overstaying in the hostel should leave the hostel and scrapping of dividing system in the hostel mess.While one of the three hostels Bharathidasan was opened on Monday, the vice-chancellor replied that she did not lock the other two hostels at all, but was only carrying out renovation works. But she stuck to the decision that scholars overstaying in hostels cannot be allowed, though the student representatives argued that the research projects ought to consume more time.On the demand that PhD scholars should be allotted individual rooms, Kalyani reportedly said that she would consider the demand. She also turned down the demand of the students that the hostel committee should be dissolved as the existing members had faced allegations in the past.However, Kalyani urged that the protest was creating a blot on the reputation of the university. Meanwhile, MUFA, the powerful faculty association of the four-decade old university has extended support to the students and informed the vice-chancellor about their decision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15114831", "title": "2 directors of Bhojpuri TV channel held for 'forgery\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two directors of a Bhojpuri TV channel have been arrested by the CBI on Monday in a case of alleged forgery to secure bank loans of nearly Rs 100 crore and were remanded in judicial custody for two weeks.Acting on the complaint of three nationalized banks, the agency arrested Mahuaa channel directors \u2014 P K Tewari and Anand Tewari \u2014 for allegedly producing fake invoices and Chartered Accountant certificates to secure Rs 34 crore loan from each of the three banks, CBI sources said. Special CBI Judge Swarana Kanta Sharma remanded the duo to judicial custody till August 4 after the CBI said they were not required for further custodial interrogation.The agency registered the case in January on the complaints of three banks \u2014 Bank of Baroda , Punjab National Bank and Union Bank of India \u2014 that were cheated allegedly by the directors. According to the CBI, the directors had procured loan from the three banks for expansion of their channel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15114762", "title": "Authority seeks list of \u2018surplus\u2019 doctors", "text": "NOIDA: The Noida Authority has asked the chief medical superintendent, Dr A K Mishra, to draw up a list of sanctioned doctors for the district hospital and send it to the state government. Currently, there are 43 doctors working in the district hospital against 32 sanctioned posts. Anticipating transfers, doctors have threatened to protest the move and strike work.Noida CEO, Sanjeev Saran, in a letter asked the CMS to provide details of doctors working in various departments. \"Few doctors are underemployed while others are overworked. There is a need to bring a balance to be effective healthcare providers,\" added Mishra.Officials say the Authority has written to the hospital authorities so that no extra salary is disbursed to the surplus doctors. According to the CMS, all appointments and postings of doctors have been on government orders. He, however, asserted that the hospital had multifarious demands for which 32 doctors were not enough.As per norms, for every 60-80 OPD patients, there should be a doctor available every six hours round the clock. \"On an average, we treat nearly 1,500 patients daily. We definitely need more doctors, but in different departments. We need surgeons, paediatricians, gynaecologists, etc,\" Mishra said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15115646", "title": "New VC swears by \u2018unusual things\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Research scholars at Panjab University campus can now expect some incentives and special benefits from the current academic session 2012-2013. Amidst hustle bustle of activities and his excited colleagues who were waiting to have the first cup of tea with him, the new Vice-Chancellor, Arun Kumar Grover, took charge on Monday.\"I am not afraid of doing unusual things,\" were the opening remarks of Grover. The first few files he cleared were of those PhD scholars whose completion of work required VC's signatures. He said PhD students, who pass out of PU, will be facilitated to stay over on campus after completion of thesis and publish more research papers. Not just students, even college and university teachers will be required to do effective research along with teaching. Emphasizing on sending teachers on sabbatical leaves, which he said was not a norm in PU and colleges, will be made a regular feature, he said.\"Teachers need to be encouraged to avail their permitted limit of sabbatical so that they can get involved with full time research. We have to find ways how we can retain teachers after retirement and contribute to research,\" he said.Bombarded with inputs from various administrative functionaries and other PU officials, Grover maintained that he would be addressing all urgent issues of the varsity.\"From PU's worldwide rank of 380, my aim would be to bring it more than 100 steps ahead at least. In the next six months there will be lot of changes and important decision will be taken for PU,\" Grover said.He added that 190 affiliated colleges is a boon for the university and their research work will enrich PU's status. \"At a given time, 50-100 college teachers must also be on sabbatical for full time research, which is a trend not being followed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15114698", "title": "Notary booked in five land grabbing cases", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Ahmedabad rural police arrested Subhash Thakkar, a resident of Ellisbridge, and sent him under provisions of Prevention of Anti-Social Activities (PASA) Act on Sunday. It is the third incident this year where the Ahmedabad collector office has sent an accused in land grabbing cases under PASA.The collectorate officials said that Thakkar, who worked as a notary, was found involved in five cases of land grabbing and cheating registered with Kanbha, Sanand, Dehgam, Adalaj and Changodar police stations in 2011. Total value of the land grabbed by various parties exceeds Rs 300 crore, said investigators.\"In most of the cases, Thakkar, using his position as a senior advocate and notary, prepared fake registered documents including power of attorney and got signatures and thumb prints of the rightful owners of the land and helped land usurpers to sell it off or get it in their possession. He also gave advertisements in newspapers about the title clear lands despite knowing that the lands belonged to somebody else. The latest case involved taking a land worth Rs 200 core from an ashram on the pretext of providing them benefits of government schemes,\" said an Ahmedabad rural police official.Thakkar partnered with Kamlesh Patel, a resident of Gandhinagar, and Ranjit Desai, a resident of Ghatlodia, in majority of cases. Patel and Desai, accused in Rs 200 land grabbing case, were earlier sent under the PASA by the collector office. The trio has been accused of cheating and defrauding farmers and land owners in Daskroi, Sanand, Dehgam and Gandhinagar.Investigators said that Patel and Desai took advantage of an earlier rule where a power of attorney can be converted into ownership document. As per the new rule proof of being a farmer and copy of 7/12 documents are required. The duo used to ask farmers to sign papers and promise them huge amounts of money for their land once the deal, was clinched. However, once they had the power of attorney, they would sell the land to a third party and laugh all the way to the bank, leaving the poor farmers high and dry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15118361", "title": "Swathi losing out on good films", "text": "Actress from Mysore; Swathi is going on accepting the roles which are coming her way and thus chances of getting a good Kannada movie is fading out for her.After the entire Raaji cinema episode, she called up a few newspaper offices and asked them not to print the photographs. In one of the media briefings media questioned her left and right for accepting such a song. Swathi cried and said she did not know it would create such a wrong impact in her career.But seems that was not enough for her and the actress will be now seen in some really bold acts in another Kannada cinema.Source: filmglitz.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "nagapattinam", "code": "15115751", "title": "Three die in Nagapattinam after inhaling toxic fumes", "text": "NAGAPATTINAM: In a tragic incident, three labourers died after inhaling toxic fumes that emanated from a tank containing crude palm oil on a barge at Nagapattinam port late on Sunday night.The victims, P Venkatesh (30), S Albert Viyakulasamy (40) and R Velu alias Velavan (32) all from Nagapattinam, met with the fatal accident when they attempted to repair a leakage from the tank. Four other labourers, Y Simon (32), K Panneer Selvan (60), R Ramesh (27) and B Masilamani (42), also from Nagapattinam, underwent treatment at the government hospital in Nagapattinam.According to the police, as many as 11 labourers were engaged in unloading a few tonnes of crude palm oil from a ship anchored off the coast of Nagapattinam. The ship had arrived from Indonesia through Chennai. The labourers sailed to the ship in a barge with oil tanks fitted on it, to carry the crude palm oil from the ship in order to supply it to a Thiruvarur based oil refinery firm. After unloading the oil from the ship to the barge, they returned to Nagapattinam port at around 11pm on Sunday. When they pumped the oil from the tanks on the barge, they found that a small quantity of oil was leaking from the tank. The three labourers moved down into the barge to repair the leakage without taking any safety measures and succumbed from a poisonous fume from the tank. Police said the gas might have emanated due to a chemical reaction.Other labourers informed the fire and rescue personnel and the Nagapattinam town police. Bodies of the three labourers were sent for post-mortem to the government hospital in Nagapattinam while four others who suffered respiratory problems were undergoing treatment. Nagapattinam district collector T Munusamy met the victims undergoing treatment in the hospital.\"The labourers failed to wear safety masks. So, we have registered the case under section 304 (a) for causing death due to negligence,\" inspector of police P Thiyagarajan said. \"The crude palm oil was being imported through the Nagapattinam port for a private oil refinery. Labourers must ensure that they follow safety measures to avoid accidents like these,\" Nagapattinam port officer J Maneksha said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15114057", "title": "Prithviraj Chavan to take up motormen strike issue with railway minister", "text": "MUMBAI: Tired of motormen's repeated attempts to hold Mumbai at ransom, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan will soon write a letter to union railway minister Mukul Roy.Acting on state legislative assembly's speaker Dilip Walse-Patil's directives, the CM will appraise the minister of the repeated flash strikes that have inconvenienced Mumbaikars. \"As the stalemate resulting from the motormen strike is always addressed at the Centre, the sentiments of the commuters must also be conveyed to the highest authority. The CM must write a letter,\" said Walse-Patil on Monday.Legislators demanded an enquiry into the repeated flash strikes, which are called without announcement or alternative arrangements. \"Lakhs of commuters are stuck for hours for no fault of theirs. There must be an end,\" said BJP MLA Mangal Prabhat Lodha.Others said suspension of services for mega blocks undertaken by the railways for maintenance too causes inconvenience. \"People take trains during weekend. Why should they be subjected to this,\" said legislator Sushil Shinde.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "chitradurga", "code": "15114743", "title": "Karnataka deputy chief minister forced to taste contaminated water", "text": "CHITRADURGA: Residents of Aimangala and Kallahatty in Hiriyur taluk made a point on Sunday by getting deputy chief minister KS Eshwarappa to taste the contaminated water they have been consuming.Agitated residents of the two villages stopped Eshwarappa's car after the police escort had passed. With folded hands, women from the village offered him a glassful of the water to taste.The deputy CM, who gave them a patient hearing, ordered the deputy commissioner and CEO to sink another borewell in the dry tank bed at Aimangala village and supply potable water immediately.The villagers, from 284 households, told Eshwarappa of the health problems they are facing by drinking the water, which has a high fluoride content. People from Dasanna Malige and Bharampura villages, too, aired similar grievances.The deputy CM visited the 'goshala' (cow shelter) at Hiriyur asked officials to supply to supply 4 kg of fodder to an animal twice a day, as demanded by the farmers. He told reporters the state government has apprised the Prime Minister and the agriculture minister of the severity of the drought. The Centre has released Rs 352 crore for the state.District minister B J Puttaswamy expressed his displeasure over the wastage of fodder at the 'goshala'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15115382", "title": "Tricity passenger rush to drive financial viability", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The financial viability of Metro Rail will depend on attracting a sizeable number of passengers from adjoining areas of Punjab and Haryana. At present, over four lakh vehicles drive into the city from Panchkula and Mohali and the tube is expected to take much of the load off the road network.Along with projections of Peak Hour Peak Direction Traffic (PHPDT), Delhi Metro Rail Corporation ( DMRC), in its detailed project report, has calculated the number of passengers likely to take the tube. PHPDT is the number of passengers passing a specific point along a transit line in unit time.For corridor I, which goes from Capitol Complex to Gurdwara Singh Shaheeda, if 1.1 lakh passengers from Chandigarh will travel by Metro, 53,309 will be from different parts of Punjab on the city's periphery. It's projected PHPDT is 7,007.Similarly, for corridor II, which is planned from Grain Market, near Sector 21, Panchkula, to Transport Terminal, around 1.7 lakh passengers per day are expected, with 1.2 lakh from Chandigarh, 14,645 from Punjab and 40,804 from Haryana.A large network of medium-level mass transport system will be provided to cover the areas beyond the Metro network and on overloaded corridors. A UT official said the next step would be to seek funds for the project from ministry of urban development, besides soft loans from agencies abroad, as was done in case of the Delhi Metro.\"Rail-based systems are heavily capital intensive with long gestation periods. They are generally not financially viable on the basis of fare box revenue alone. They are viewed more as investments with a view to increase the economic benefits to society at large rather than yielding high financial rates of return,\" reads the comprehensive mobility plan for Metro.\"Very few systems all over the world are able to cover their operating costs and therefore, grants and subsidies for operations as well as additional investments are the order of the day,\" it adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "15115304", "title": "Green Punjab mission hit by sapling shortage", "text": "PATIALA: In an apparent case of putting the cart before the horse, the Punjab started its much-hyped \"green Punjab mission\" some days back, but is yet to arrange saplings for planting trees. Realising the mismanagement, concerned authorities have now decided to expand the capacity of sapling nurseries.Some days back, Punjab government had suddenly announced to start green Punjab mission, so as to increase the green cover in the state from 7% to 15%. But instead of discussing and following the proper procedure, forest department officers got information in June, a few days before the start of mission.Under the mission, Punjab government wants to plant about 40 crore new trees in Punjab in the coming eight years and have fixed a target of planting five crore saplings every year. Though government has fixed a five-crore trees annual target, nurseries across the state cumulatively have only 1.40 crore saplings.Realising its mistake, the state government has now directed concerned officers to plant two crore saplings during 2012, after expanding nurseries of saplings, sources said.\"There is shortage of saplings. We have now decided to plant two crore saplings during 2012. After this year, we would plant five crore trees annually to achieve our 40 crore trees target,\" said financial commissioner of forest department, D S Bains, at Patiala. Bains was in Patiala to start state-level green Punjab mission on institutional lands.To overcome the shortage, the state government proposes to expand the area of main nurseries -- at Ladowal, Nabha and Faridkot -- from the present two acres to ten acres, sources said. As plantation of new trees will take place in two phases -- from July to August and February to March -- authorities are confident that expansion of nurseries will help them supply the required saplings.\"It's really surprising that government did not check the number of saplings available before hand,\" said Krishan Kumar, a local businessman.Since Punjab CM is directly monitoring the project and getting feedback from Bains on day-to-day basis, all deputy commissioners, who are responsible to arrange saplings and plantation at district levels, have sent huge demands for saplings to forest department.\"Patiala district has set a target of planting 25 lakh new trees before March 31, 2012. We have been directed to supply 25 lakh saplings, but presently we have only 10 lakh saplings. Only god knows from where the remaining saplings would come,\" said a senior forest department officer, on condition of anonymity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15114682", "title": "African held with cocaine", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Nigerian national has been arrested from Rajouri Garden area of the capital for allegedly possessing 57 grams of cocaine worth around Rs 6 lakh.Police said the accused, identified as Izuchukwu Augustine (27), was arrested on Saturday.Augustine had been in India since 2009 and was living in Ram Park area in Uttam Nagar. He allegedly procured cocaine from one Smith, a fellow Nigerian, and sold it to the clients in South Delhi and New Delhi areas, police said.Cops are trying to trace Augustine's associate Smith and his clients.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15117404", "title": "'Bolivian Diary' is a sub story in D Company!", "text": "'Oru Bolivian Diary 1995' is a sub story in the film 'D Company' (Directors Company).Five directors are ornamenting this film with five different stories. Padmakumar is the director of Bolivian Diary. Asif Ali, Ananya, Samudra Kani are playing central characters in this film. Source: Kerala9.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "pananji", "code": "15113892", "title": "Parched in the perfect panchayat", "text": "PANANJI: It's computer savvy and has even won a national award, but Loliem-Polem's residents have to forfeit sleep or trudge far for potable waterThe 8,000-odd residents of Loliem-Polem in Goa's southernmost taluka of Canacona have much to be proud about.Blessed with both, a stunning coastline and verdant mountains, their panchayat is ranked seventh in the 189-panchayat state for revenue generation and per-capita income. In 2011-12, the computer-savvy panchayat also bagged the central government's 'Panchayat Sashaktikaran Puraskar'-a best performer award under the Panchayat Empowerment and Accountability Incentive Scheme ( PEAIS).But there's a dreadful thirst here. Water is predominantly is short supply, affecting both daily life, and livelihood.\"That potable water has become the priciest product of the 21th century, is epitomized in Loliem,\" says local theatre arts teacher Priyanka Naik. \"In places like Dapot and Mashem, it is available only well past bedtime-midnight. One has to forfeit a good night's rest for a bucket of water.\"While the monsoon offers a breather, as wells stock up, by December the wells run dry and long treks to water bodies become part of every village woman's daily routine, she adds.Sarpanch Bhushan Prabhu Gaonkar says the project to construct and deepen minor irrigation tanks while improving existing ones, once completed, will ensure there's water for drinking as well as irrigation.Minor irrigation projects have been initiated at Karvan and Gavanem in the taluka. The design of the main dam and the head regulator are in the advanced stages of finalization. The project will store 38.64 lakh cubic metre of water (26.84 lakh cu.m at Karvan and 11.80 lakh cu.m at Gavanem) and will irrigate 400 ha (200 ha each at Karvan and Gavanem) of the command area.Canacona MLA and sports minister Ramesh Tawadkar points out that the taluka's residents are \"fully dependent\" on the Chapoli dam. But there's no pipeline to Loliem-Polem village panchayat. \"The water woes will be solved by next summer, when the pipeline from Canacona to Loliem is completed. Once the Gavanem-Gaondongorem mini dam is completed there will be no water issues anymore,\" he adds.Agriculture, meanwhile, isn't doing so well. But water isn't the only reason.\"There are no jobs here for those who are well-educated,\" says Prabhu Gaonkar. So, many youngsters have chosen to migrate to cities, the rest of the country or even abroad.\"This mass exodus of the educated from the village has left only the aged to cultivate lands. They too aren't so keen about agriculture anymore, as labourers are hard and expensive (Rs 300 per person per day) to come by. There's a trend where the labourers demand snacks twice a day too. A lot of agricultural land in the village therefore has remained uncultivated,\" says the sarpanch.Local farmer Rupesh Naik agrees. Pointing out that the state has fixed support prices for several crops that local farmers sell to government-run outlets he says the price does not meet the cost of production.So, most of the paddy, coconut, areca nut, red amaranths, lady fingers, musk melon, brinjal, kokum, bananas, papaya, cucumbers, ridge gourd, jackfruit, pumpkin and ornamental flowers are grown for personal use or to gift to friends and relatives rather than for commercial use, sighs Naik.Problem problemHealth worryCanacona is infamous in Goa for the number of cases of kidney-related ailments. Reportedly 60-70% of cases admitted to the Goa medical college and hospital, Bambolim, are from this taluka. Freddy Rebello, a local senior journalist and environmentalist opines that this has contributed to several residents of Loliem-Polem leaving the village to settle elsewhere. While the community health centre has a kidney treatment centre, locals allege it lacks basic infrastructure.NIT-pickingThe setting up of a National Institute of Technology (NIT) at Loliem-Polem, opposed by the previous panchayat body, today enjoys the support of the ruling panchayat body and the local MLA.Prashant Naik , president, Nirakar Educational Society, Mashem, said a programme was held to acquaint Loliem-Polem locals with the NIT project. Officials from the directorate of higher education , technical education, NIT and Goa engineering college participated.Officials assured the locals that no residents would be displaced by the project that will come up on 30 acres of comunidade land at Madditolop. They further said that the project would offer financial stability as it would create jobs directly or indirectly.Pointing out that the project now enjoyed local support, sarpanch Bhushan Prabhu Gaonkar said the regularization of villagers' homes on comunidade land would, however, be the panchayat's first priority.Local MLA Ramesh Tawadkar said the solving of residents' woes over water, electricity and garbage were of priority over non-polluting and educational projects like NIT.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "ulhasnagar", "code": "15114032", "title": "Ex-MLA\u2019s son booked for attempt to murder", "text": "ULHASNAGAR: Omie Kalani, son of former Ulhasnagar MLA Pappu Kalani, and his three aides were booked in an attempt to murder case on Sunday night. Omie and his supporters allegedly beat up BJP corporator Mahesh Sukhramani's nephew Sunil Sukharamani. However, the Kalani family said that police have falsely booked Omie.Soon after the complaint was lodged against Omie, who is also NCP's youth secretary of Ulhasnagar city, his supporters protested outside the Central police station.Omie's mother and president of NCP's Ulhasnagar unit, Jyoti Kalani, said, \"My son was returning home, when Sunil rammed his car into Vishnu Singh's, Omie's aide. When Omie and his friends got down to check the car, Sunil sped away, hit a truck and was injured.\" Later, Sunil filed a false case against my son, claimed Jyoti.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15115885", "title": "Cops solve Arakkonam double murder, one held", "text": "CHENNAI: The case of attack in which two newly graduated teachers were murdered and a third, was brutally assaulted in Arakkonam, 80 km from here, on July 15 has been solved with the arrest of a 26-year-old electrician, police said on Monday.B Roseton Karunakaran of Vellore was arrested for the murder of Asha, 27, and M Madhavaraj, 21, of Arakkonam and attacking D Sharmila, 26. While Madhavaraj and Asha died of burns at the Kilpauk Medical College and Hospital in Chennai, Sharmila was admitted to the CMC Hospital in Vellore where she underwent a surgery for her damaged vocal cords. Karunakaran has been remanded in judicial custody.\"We tracked down the call details of Sharmila's phone as well as those of Asha and Madhavaraj. We noticed an outgoing call recorded on Sharmila's mobile phone, just before she was murdered, and found it was made by Karunakaran. During the interrogation, he confessed to having committed the murder,\" Arakkonam deputy superintendent of police S Seetharaman said.Police said Karunakaran and Sharmila were cousins and had been having an affair for more than five years. Sharmila had completed her MBA and was working in a private firm in Chennai, while Karunakaran was in Vellore. When Karunakaran's family fixed a match for him, Sharmila insisted that he marry her immediately, police said.On July 15, after her parents had gone to a relative's house in Chennai, Sharmila spoke to Karunakaran on his mobile and brought up the demand. Karunakaran decided to eliminate Sharmila and went to Arakkonam, police said based on his confession.Sharmila was in her bedroom when he came and the two picked up a quarrel. In a fit of rage, Karunakaran pulled out a knife and attacked her. Hearing her cries, Sharmila's childhood friend Asha and a youth named Madhavaraj rushed there. Madhavaraj and Asha, who was married, were in a relationship and often met at Sharmila's house, police said.Karunakaran, initially shocked, attacked the two and dumped their bodies on the bed. He set them afire and fled believing that Sharmila was also dead. Neighbours saw smoke emanating from the house and informed police and fire and services personnel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15115832", "title": "Dudhsagar Dairy to invest Rs 350 cr in new plant", "text": "VADODARA: Mehsana's Dudhsagar Dairy is all set to commission its new satellite dairy plant in Dharuhera industrial estate in Haryana before the end of this year. With this, the north Gujarat-based dairy wants to emerge as biggest milk supplier in country's national capital Delhi.Dudhsagar Dairy plans to invest Rs 350 crore at the Dharuhera estate developed by Haryana Urban Development Authority, where the plant will have total 30 lakh litres per day (LLPD) capacity. The co-operative union's satellite plant in Manesar, where it has invested Rs 100 crore, has already reached its full capacity.Presently, the three big dairy unions of Gujarat -- Banaskantha's Banas Dairy, Sabarkantha's Sabar Dairy and Dudhsagar from Mehsana, supply 21.62 lakh kilogram milk to the national capital, which is sold under the brand name Amul.Of these, Mehsana's dairy supplies 11.59 lakh kg milk to the Delhi market through its Manesar plant which processes 9.77 LLPD and another 1.82 LLPD from its leased plant at Ghogha in the National Capital Region.\"After setting up 'mandalis' in Rajasthan, Haryana and parts of Uttar Pradesh, we have been able to increase our procurement from outside Mehsana as well,\" Mehsana dairy's chairman Vipul Chaudhary told TOI, adding that the dairy presently procures six LLPD from this 'mandalis'.The dairy union, which had clocked Rs 3,036 crore turnover in the last fiscal, is planning to develop Dharuhera plant in four phases. \"Phase I will be completed by November 2012,\" said Chaudhary, adding that of the total 15 LLPD utility capacity in phase I, 9.10 LLPD will be for processing liquid milk, one LLPD for buttermilk and 40 metric tones dahi/yoghurt/ probiotic lassi.In the second phase, the total liquid milk processing capacity will reach to 13.85 LLPD and that of buttermilk to 1.50 LLPD for buttermilk. Similarly, the phase III expansion would add another 5 LLPD capacity taking up the total capacity of the plant to 20 LLPD of which 18.20 LLPD will be for processing liquid milk, two LLPD for buttermilk and 80 metric tones for dahi/yoghurt/ probiotic lassi.After the phase IV expansion, which will add another 10 LLPD capacity by September 2016, the dairy will process 25 LLPD liquid milk, 2.5 LLPD buttermilk and 150 metric tonnes dahi/yoghurt/ probiotic lassi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15114806", "title": "Argentina team on Jaguar mission", "text": "BANGALORE: On their maiden trip to India, this team from Argentina has come with a mission - take back the Jaguar to their native country, Argentina.Meet Sofia Heinonen, president, and Ignacio Jimenez Perez, endangered species recovery co-ordinator, from Conservation Land Trust (CLT), who are here to study the Indian tiger's conservation methods, and eager to replicate them in their country to bring back the Jaguar.\"India has been managing tigers for so many decades now, so we are here to learn the technique of large carnivore conservation,\" Ignacio told TOI on Monday, pointing out that the Jaguar (predator) is an important link in their ecosystem. With prey available in abundance and no community living inside the national park area, the conditions are just perfect for a Jaguar to thrive. The animal had become extinct in Argentina in the 1960s.Spread over 1.3 million hectares, Ibera Natural Reserve (INR), on which the team is working, is a mix of grasslands, wetlands and small forests sited in north-eastern Argentina. Sixty per cent of INR is private, with an estimated population of 1,500 people. CLT has purchased 1,50,000 hectares inside Ibera Natural Reserve to establish the largest national park in Argentina, with an estimated area of 7,00,000 hectares.The team will visit Sariska and Ranthambore tiger reserves and meet National Tiger Conservation Authority officials, followed by field visits to Bandipur and Nagarahole to study re-introduction of animals, eco-tourism and efficient system of forest patrolling, all in that order from the named tiger reserves.Land IssueHard to believe but even in Argentina, national parks face an acute problem - that of setting up industries on empty lands. Members of NCT allege that many foreign companies were earlier buying lands and setting up shops there. In order to stop that, these people decided to stay inside the National Park. Interestingly, these experts have got together to run schools of six students each so that they don't have to move to the city for their education. \"We had the option to start schools on our own or else migrate to the city which is bound to get into out conservation efforts,\" said Sofia.About the teamSofia has worked for National Parks Administration for 15 years, where she coordinated biodiversity surveys and management plans for several parks in northern Argentina.Jimenez Perez has planned projects for re-introduction of endangered fauna in Argentina. He heads the project for recovery of Giant Ant-eaters in the estuaries of Ibera, Argentina.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15115749", "title": "Women take up the cause of tackling plastic menace", "text": "MADURAI: Naganakulam panchayat level federation (PLF) of women self-help groups (WSHG) has taken up a novel project of recycling plastic materials, shredding them into minute pieces that can be used for laying plastic roads. Ten districts in the state were taken up for the pilot project of recycling the plastic for road construction purposes and the order was issued by the government in the month of March. Out of the 10 districts, Madurai became the pioneer with district collector, Anshul Mishra officially inaugurating the unit at Naganakulam last Friday.During the visit to the unit, situated in a small hall at Naganakulam, the women are eagerly working on their project as some are busy segregating the plastic bags and materials while few are involved in feeding the plastic materials into the shredding machine that grind the plastic into small particles. Within one hour, the women are able to grind 20 kg of plastic.There are 480 members from 40 WSHGs in Naganakulam PLF and out of them eight WSHGs have come forward to work on the project. With each group sending one representative, there are eight women making the core group while others will support them in plastic collection and other things.\"We have asked all women self-help groups to collect plastic materials in their panchayat level and we will procure the materials for Rs five per kg. The shredded materials can be sold to Rs 16 per kg,\" says G Aruna working with the machine. Public can also collect the used plastic carry bags, tea cups at their homes and hand over to us, she added.V Karthikaiselvi, manager of District Supplies and Marketing Society under women's project said the total cost of project was Rs 3.75 lakhs with full government subsidy. The shredding machine has cost Rs 1.60 lakhs while remaining funds will be spent on other purposes like maintenance. \"Shredded plastic will be procured by the district rural development agency (DRDA) and they will use the materials for laying plastic roads in the rural areas,\" she said.R Ganesan, joint director/project officer, women's project said the state government had proposed this project in January and passed an order in March. Ten districts were selected for the pilot study and Madurai was one among them and meticulous planning has helped them to start the project as the pioneers in the state, he said. \"We have trained women in this work by February itself and ordered for the machine as soon as the order was passed. We are the first one to inaugurate the project and other districts are eager to follow our path,\" he said.\"We came to know about the project during the PLF meeting held in May and we wanted to utilise the opportunity. While recycling of plastic can provide employability for our women, we will also involve in most important work of keeping the environment clean by recycling plastic. So, we opted for the project without a second thought,\" says G Bothilakshmi, secretary of Naganakulam PLF.Plastic Road TechnologyWaste plastics, shredded into small pieces (2.5mm - 4.36 mm) and sprayed over hot aggregate (170 degree C); the shredded plastics melts and gets coated over the aggregate. This coated aggregate shows better binding property with bitumen. This waste plastic coated aggregate is mixed with bitumen and the mixer has better strength and resistance to water. The roads laid in this manner do not form potholes because of its lower water permeability character and it is also eco-friendly. Further, it helps to solve not only disposal of waste plastics effectively and usefully but also makes the road to withstand heavy load. The plastic road is the invention of R Vasudevan, dean, Thigarajar College of Engineering, Madurai and he patented the same in the year 2002. Vasudevan was also present for the inaugural function of the unit and he renders his support, said the women self-help group members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15115796", "title": "Connectivity between Coimbatore-south TN woefully poor", "text": "COIMBATORE: With another festival season round the corner, the travel woes of commuters from Coimbatore to southern cities like Madurai, Tuticorin, Tirunelveli and Nagercoil have started increasing. As far as rail connectivity is concerned, tickets for the Coimbatore - Nagercoil Express are getting sold off within days of the reservation facility beginning. According to information available with the railway reservation wing, there is a huge rush for tickets and the situation will continue till November end. The situation will turn worse by Diwali and Ramzan. Same is the case of the Coimbatore - Tuticorin Link Express, which gets attached to the Nagercoil Express on a daily basis till Vanchimaniyachi Junction.Apart from a passenger train that starts at 7.15am, the Nagercoil Express and the six coaches of the link express are the only train services that link southern districts with Coimbatore. All the tickets for the reservation compartments get booked in advance, while the unreserved compartments get jam-packed with those who plan their trips all of a sudden.\"There are indications from the railways that a festival special between Coimbatore and Rameswaram will be operated for six months from August first week. The train was operated during the festival season in previous years too, but it was not made a permanent facility despite strong public demand,\" says Jameel Ahmed, member of the divisional railway users consultative committee. If operated, the train is likely to bring about little relief to south-bound passengers. However, railways is yet to respond to the need for another Nagercoil Express, which may ease the demand for the existing train. Demands to increase the compartments of the existing train are also falling on deaf ears.There are about 50 government buses and 20 omni buses between Coimbatore and southern cities. Though the festival season is little away, they have already started running beyond their capacity. \"There is no lean day in the case of southern routes. We are not able to issue tickets to all those who approach us on all the days of the week. The sector needs more buses and trains,\" feels R Bhaskaran, Coimbatore unit secretary of the Tamil Nadu Omni Bus Operators Association.As thousands of people from southern Tamil Nadu are working in textile and other industrial segments of Coimbatore, the city is badly in need of more trains and buses to Madurai, Nagercoil and other southern cities.\"When the Coimbatore-Dindigul meter gauge line was active, there was an express train that went up to Rameswaram. This line was used not only by pilgrims but also commuters from Madurai region. Due to gauge conversion work in Dindigul-Coimbatore region, this service was stopped. We have been demanding its rerouting via Erode and Karur till completion of the gauge conversion, but in vain,\" says M Krishnan, former president of the Indian Chamber of Commerce and Industry, Coimbatore chapter.Besides the Rameswaram Express, there were three passenger trains that operated between Madurai and Coimbatore through the Dindigul-Pollachi stretch. But the railways simply opted to cancel them instead of rerouting them via Erode-Karur stretch. Meanwhile, gauge conversion is still dragging feet because of the slow progress of land acquisition between Pollachi and Podanur.\"Connectivity is the biggest problem faced by us now. Getting even a sleeper class ticket in trains remains a luxury. Most of the time, we are forced to take old public transport buses with very poor running speeds to Tirunelveli and Coimbatore,\" says V Prabhakar, an IT professional from Rajapalayam.Though very limited in number, private omni buses are offering relatively comfortable travel in the region. In the case of the state transport corporation, there is only one air-conditioned service and that too between Coimbatore and Tiruchendur.\"It is a matter of shame that the state transport department is not running air-conditioned luxury buses between Coimbatore and Madurai. Government buses would be more affordable and safe compared to private omni buses. It is high time we get deluxe air-conditioned buses between the cotton city and southern Tamil Nadu,\" feels M Amudhan, employee of a private firm in the city and a native of Madurai. Whenever he wants to visit his native place, Amudhan takes the Jan Shatabdi train to Trichy and then takes a bus to Madurai.\"Early completion of gauge conversion can solve the issue. Strong political will is necessary in that direction,\" says Jameel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15113729", "title": "Cop made to work as peon for booking judge\u2019s kin", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a written complaint against an additional sessions judge at Tis Hazari courts, a traffic head constable has alleged he was abused and forced to report as a peon in a traffic court because he had issued a challan to the judge's brother for riding a two-wheeler without a helmet.The head constable, Mahee Lal, said the judge first tried to stop him from issuing the challan. When Lal went ahead and issued the ticket, he was summoned to the judge's court. There, he was abused by the judge for doing his duty and illegally forced to work as a peon in a traffic court for three days, the complaint says.Lal, posted in Seemapuri traffic circle in east Delhi, then complained to senior traffic officials. After due authorization, the complaint has been forwarded to the registrar general of the Delhi High Court by deputy commissioner of police (traffic headquarters) R K Pandey.Joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg has since transferred Lal to the Punjabi Bagh traffic circle.Cop abused, made to return challan money?On appearing before the judge, Lal said he was instructed to return the challan amount to the traffic offender along with the offender's driving licence. The judge also allegedly threatened that he would 'fix' Lal. While being forced to perform the role of a peon, Lal said he was harassed by a metropolitan magistrate of the traffic court.In the letter, sent on July 17, DCP Pandey says, \"There is a complaint that HC Mahee Lal was ill-treated, abused and was attached to traffic court for irregular work. It is requested that the matter may kindly be brought to the notice of honourable chief justice, so that the official may get justice.\"As per his complaint, Lal was on duty near the Durgapuri Chowk in east Delhi on June 14, checking vehicles with the local police. \"I stopped a two-wheeler driver who was without a helmet at Nathu Colony chowk. The offender, a Shahdara resident, tried to get me to talk to someone on the phone. When I refused, he thrust the phone into the ear of another head constable on duty with me. The additional sessions judge was on the line and hurled abuses at my colleague, saying how dare we book his younger brother and that he would take action against us,\" Lal stated.\"The challan was nevertheless issued and I received a call from my senior, TI Seemapuri, almost immediately, saying we were to report to the judge's court immediately. At the court, the judge abused and threatened me and directed the TI to seize my challan book and not allow me to issue any further challans. I was made to return the challan money from my pocket to the offender along with his driving licence,\" Lal has said in his complaint. Lal was summoned to a traffic court by a metropolitan magistrate who allegedly verbally instructed the TI to not let Lal issue any further challans and be placed on duty at court from June 21.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15115603", "title": "Turning heads in Ludhiana", "text": "LUDHIANA: Nowadays, college-going students in Ludhiana prefer to stick to the number one fashion rule, but with a twist \u2014 if you love it, look great in it and can afford it, just buy it and add a pinch of your own style to it. This, these youths wow, makes them stand out in a crowd. With Ludhiana colleges reopening, increasing number of youth prefer to sport their own mix of clothes - a concoction of branded and streetwear. For Prachi Aggrawal, 19, a resident of South City and studying in NIFT, fashion is not necessarily about labels or brands, it's all about being \"you\". She said, \"I like wearing floral and pastel shades in summer. I like my clothes simple yet classy and prefer to jazz things up with my all-time favourite red nail paint. My latest shopping includes a pair of Fendi sunglasses worth Rs 7,000 and a bag worth Rs 4,500.\"Jaspreet Kaur, 19, a resident of Rajguru Nagar and student at Gujrawala Guru Nanak Khalsa College, said, \"For me comfort is prime while dressing. Usually, I like to team branded clothes with streetwear to attain a funky look. I believe the all time favourite black is the most flattering and sophisticated colour so I make it a point to carry a black handbag with all my outfits.\"She added, \"I have a fetish for shoes and my latest love is a pair of heels from Carlton London.\"Experts believe teens constantly strive to characterize their own identity - distinguished from the others. They are on the lookout for styles that are unique and compliment their personalities as well. They suggest, in order to have a commendable sense of style while keeping pace with the latest fashion trends, one must learn to differentiate fashion from style. While fashion is something introduced by designers every new season, style is in what way an individual carries it, they add.Be chic but not silly, advises Monica Devgan, 20, a resident of Dugri pursuing BCom. She said, \"If you think a particular style suit you, go ahead and splurge. As for me comfort is fashion in style. I believe, one should always sport clothes that look good on them. Comfort level is significantly important and one should wear something only if she is comfortable enough to carry it with elegance and sophistication. As for me I love wearing Spykar jeans \u2014 its comfortable, stylish and easy on the pocket.\" She added, \"My latest purchase is a Nike bag worth Rs 2,500 and a fast track watch worth Rs 3,000.\"Oshin Walia, 20, a resident of Pakhowal Road pursuing BBA, said, \"I love animal prints and like to mix and match these with plain pastel shades to stand out. As for footwear I prefer Crox during summer - these are perfect for summer as well as monsoon.\"Fashion is an instant language, believes Loveleen Kaur, 20, a resident of Dugri. She said, \"Today, what you wear is how you present yourself to the world. I love wearing stylish clothes with classic heels.\"Last but not the least, experts remind that for any fashion to work right for you, it's important to keep in touch with your true inner self, which is hidden under the baggage of everyday responsibilities. And the rest as they say will follow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15114706", "title": "Crackdown against killing the girl child", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Dr Girijesh Agarwal, a homeopath who illegally doubled up as a gynecologist in Meghaninagar, was nabbed red-handed revealing the fetus' sex to a pregnant mother, in a sting operation carried out on Monday. The doctor charged Rs 7,000 for the act.Health officials caught Agarwal, who runs Durga Nursing Home, immediately after he pronounced, \"There is no need to be tense - it's a boy.\" Chief district health officer ( CDHO) Dr Neelam Patel said they received tip-off about Agarwal divulging the sex of fetuses for a hefty sum.\"Acting on the tip-off, we arranged for a decoy. She was given an appointment for Monday. The doctor had strategically placed a sonography machine at the end of the hospital. The clinic and the sonography machine were unregistered,\" Dr Patel said.The doctor, against whom a complaint has been filed for violating the Pre Conception Pre Natal Diagnostic Techniques (PC PNDT) Act told authorities that he had borrowed the machine from a friend. He however confessed that the machine was being used in his hospital for the past three months.Interestingly, while Agarwal used to openly carry out sex-determination tests; virtual warrants for killing the unborn girl child to parents obsessed with a male child, the prospect of facing police interrogation and a possible judicial term, gave him the jitters.\"As Agarwal was being taken to Karanj police station, he complained of severe chest pain. We called 108 emergency personnel who shifted him to V S Hospital,\" said Dr Patel.Earlier, there was high drama at the clinic when health officials sat down to file the physical verification report of the sting. It turned out that the nursing home's peon had fled with the Rs 7,000 paid by the decoy.In a sting operation, it is imperative to match currency notes which are noted and duly numbered to be used in a decoy operation. When called on his cell phone, the clerk said that he had gone to deposit the cash in the bank. He was immediately summoned back with the cash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15114722", "title": "15-year-old girl can abort fetus, says HC", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court (HC) on Monday permitted a 15-year-old girl from Rajula to terminate her pregnancy. This happened after her boyfriend passed away in a suicide bid and she survived.Justice R H Shukla directed the concerned medical officer from Rajkot to abort the 12-week foetus as per the provisions of Medical Termination of Pregnancy Act, after the girl's family expressed desire to terminate the pregnancy.As per the case details, Hansa Solanki the girl eloped last month with 22-year-old Jaisukh Bhanabhai. As the girl's family lodged a complaint for kidnapping against the boy, the cops intercepted the couple and arrested them. But fearing forced separation, they consumed poison which left the boy dead.The girl survived and later it was found that she was 12-week pregnant. The girl's family wanted an abortion, but the doctors refused since there was a criminal proceeding pending in this case. The girl moved HC and was provided legal aid through Gujarat Legal Service Authority. Advocate Pratik Barot, who represented the petitioner, contended that abortion at this stage is permitted as per the law, but the doctors did not support the family because this was a medico-legal case.During the hearing, the court raised questions regarding consent on part of the girl. The lawyer argued that being a minor, the girl was under natural guardianship of her father, whose consent would meet the requirement as per the law.After hearing the case, HC permitted the girl to abort the foetus and directed the surgeon of Rajkot government hospital to do the needful in this regard.In May 2010, a similar case from Dhrangadhra in Surendranagar was reported. Then it was a 13-year old rape victim, whose family wanted to terminate pregnancy, but the hospitals were not co-operative because there was an FIR lodged. Justice Anant Dave granted permission to the family to get the 13-week pregnancy terminated after issuing necessary directions to medical authorities so that the girl's health may not have any adverse impact. The foetus was ordered to be preserved for due DNA tests for the purpose of identification as the alleged rapist was absconding in that case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15115061", "title": "Phone hacking: More UK newspapers under lens", "text": "LONDON: Besides media baron Rupert Murdoch's now defunct News of the World , British papers Daily Mirror, Sunday Mirror, Daily Star and Star on Sunday, have come under the scanner of the Scotland Yard for alleged payments made to prison guards for stories. Appearing before the Leveson Inquiry into ethics, culture and practices of the British press, Sue Akers , senior police officer in charge of the investigations, on Monday said that prison officers had allegedly received payments from these titles as well as from titles owned by Rupert Murdoch . Akers is overseeing a team of officers looking at phone hacking and related inquiries at the now defunct News of the World.The police believe that there are more than 702 identifiable victims of phone hacking. It has notified 2,615 alleged targets to date.One prison officer had allegedly received \u00a335,000 from newspapers, she said, and added that stories possibly linked to payments revealed \"very limited material of genuine public interest\" .The Leveson Inquiry is currently in its fourth module focussed on the future of press regulation. Akers said: \"It's our assessment that there are reasonable grounds to suspect offences have been committed and that the majority of these stories reveal very limited material of genuine public interest.\"She said one prison officer was accused of taking illegal payments of nearly \u00a335,000 from Trinity Mirror, News International and Express Newspapers during the period between April 2010 and June 2011.Additional payments are also alleged to have been made, with a final payment in February 2012, she said. Another prison official allegedly received payments totalling more than \u00a314,000 from Trinity Mirror between February 2006 and January 2012.In her evidence, DAC Akers said the Met had arrested 41 individuals as part of the Operation Elveden inquiry into corrupt payments to officials , and 15 current and former journalists in relation to conspiracy to intercept communications .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "ranchi/giridih", "code": "15115559", "title": "4 killed, 12 injured in Maoist attacks", "text": "RANCHI/GIRIDIH: Two securitymen and two others were killed and 12 injured in separate attacks by suspected Maoists early on Monday.While two security personnel were killed and five others, including one assistant commandant of CRPF, suffered serious injuries in an encounter with suspected CPI (Maoist) cadres on the border of the Khunti-West Singhbhum border, two construction labourers died and seven were injured in attack by the rebels at Giridih.Inspector general of CRPF (operations) D K Pandey said the security personnel from two battalions of the CRFP, Jharkhand Jaguar , Jharkhand Armed Police and district police launched an operation around 2.30am in the forest near Rania on borders of Khunti-West Singhbhum district on getting information about a squad of rebels.\"In the encounter that took place in the forest, two personnel were killed and five others were injured. We have brought the injured to Ranchi and they are under treatment at Apollo Hospital,\" said Pandey.However, sources in the CRPF said the two battalions of the force were sent to the encounter site which might have raised the possibility of cross-firing between the personnel. But Pandey ruled out the possibility of jawans getting killed and injured in the cross-firing.State DGP G S Rath, who met the injured security men at the hospital, also ruled out the possibility of death in cross-firing. \"I have ordered an inquiry on possibility of death of security personnel in cross-firing. The DIG (Ranchi Zone) will conduct the inquiry and submit the report,\" said Rath.In Giridih, two labourers from West Bengal were killed and seven injured when an armed group of Maoists bombed an under-construction district police lines building at Kelibad-Paprawatand in the early hours of Monday. Three of the injured have been shifted to Dhanbad while four are being treated at Giridih Sadar Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15114341", "title": "Patients stuck in Calcutta Medical College elevator for 40 minutes", "text": "KOLKATA: Seven persons, including patients, got stuck inside the elevator of the outdoor building of Calcutta Medical Colllge and Hospital for 40 minutes on Monday morning.75-year-old diabetic patient Nazma Bibi was one among those who got trapped inside the elevator. After some time, she started to panic and fainted soon. It took almost 40 minutes for the maintenance mechanics to get the elevator working. Hospital sources said that Nazma Bibi was taken for various tests, including a CT scan. Her condition is reported to be stable.The swanky outdoor building was inaugurated only about a year and a half back. A part of the plan to upgrade the oldest medical college in Asia on the lines of AIIMS, this building was constructed to bring all outdoor departments under the same roof. Since the building was made operational, the hospital and the PWD has been passing the buck on the maintenance of the building, including the elevator.\"There has been very poor maintenance of the elevator due to the lack of coordination between the hospital and the PWD. It is not surprising that the elevator went out of order,\" said a doctor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15114250", "title": "CM's nod to set up medical college, varsity in Greater Noida", "text": "LUCKNOW: Giving a fillip to medical education in UP, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Monday, cleared a proposal to set up a government-run medical college and university in Greater Noida. Akhilesh also cleared a proposal to establish a super-specialty paediatric institute in Noida.Confirming the development infrastructure and industrial development commissioner Anil Kumar Gupta said that implementation of the project would incur expenses of approximately Rs 1,500 crore and would, tentatively, be completed within 2 years. He said, \"In Greater Noida, the medical college is already operational on 40 acres of land. We are in the process of acquiring an additional 25 acres on which to build the teaching facilities. The Noida facility, on the other hand, will be built as the first-of-its-kind super specialty paediatric hospital and medical university and will come up on 10 acres of land.\" The Noida medical facility, Gupta said, will be affiliated to the medical university in Greater Noida.Monday's sanctions from the Chief Minister came on a proposal made to him by the three-member committee headed by IIDC Gupta, Dr DK Gupta, vice-chancellor of King George Medical University and Dr RK Sharma, director, Sanjay Gandhi Post Graduate Institute of Medical Sciences in Lucknow. The paediatric university will have 100 seats for students at masters and post doctoral levels. The Greater Noida facility, however, will be promoted as a multi-disciplinary medical university with post-graduate and post doctoral research facilities available for 150 persons. Gupta added, \"Establishing these medical universities and state-of-the art training facilities will directly impact UP's ability to attract best doctors, teachers and faculty for the medical universities.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15115296", "title": "Man lynched for killing 4-yr-old son", "text": "INDORE: A 40-year-old man was allegedly lynched by his brothers soon after he battered his four-year-old son to death in a fit of rage at Survel village in Khargone district, about 100 km from here, on Saturday last. Angry over the gruesome crime, the brothers of the accused chased him and allegedly lynched him in a nearby field, said police.According to police, the deceased identified as Ramesh Barela, who had 15 children in his three wives, was upset after all of his family members had left home following a brawl with him in the morning.\"They were probably worried over Ramesh's violent behaviour and left the house without informing him,\" said Shashikant Chaurasia, sub-inspector at Bhagwanpura police station. However, Ramesh's four-year-old son Shivam was at home as his mother did not take him along with her. When Ramesh reached home at around 9 pm, Shivam was crying and this infuriated him. Ramesh lifted his son in a fit of rage and smashed him against the wall repeatedly.Hearing the screams of the child, two brothers of Ramesh identified as Rajesh and Suresh rushed there and tried calm him down, said Chaurasia. Ramesh opened the door and allegedly threw the body of Shivam out of the house. \"The child had already died, said the police quoting witnesses adding that his head got completely damaged. When his brothers saw the blood-stained body of the boy, they ran after their fleeing brother to catch him\" , said Chaurasia. Rajesh and Suresh caught the accused after a brief chase and allegedly beat him black and blue. Leaving him there, the duo reached the police station at around 2 am on Sunday to lodge a complaint against Ramesh. They reported that their brother killed his youngest son and police booked him under Section 302 of IPC.When the police went to arrest Ramesh, they found him lying dead. The police reportedly booked the duo for murdering Ramesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad/sircilla", "code": "15114184", "title": "Violence mars Vijayamma\u2019s fast", "text": "HYDERABAD/SIRCILLA: A desperate Vijayamma tried to weave a sympathy chord to reach out to the weavers at Sircilla, even as her 'Chenetha Deeksha' tour to the textile town was marred by violence on Monday with hundreds of TRS workers and activists of pro-Telangana organisations stopping her convoy at several places from Hyderabad to Sircilla in Karimnagar district. They pelted stones, eggs and even slippers on the convoy, while police lathicharged the protesters as they went all-out to prevent the YSR Congress honorary president from entering the small town and staging a hunger strike in support of weavers.The situation turned ugly at a few places with both the T-protesters and YSR CP workers hurling stones at each other. A near stampede-like situation prevailed at the deeksha pranganam at Sircilla when some protesters threw stones, footwear, eggs and water sachets on the dais while the YSR CP workers and security persons formed a security ring around Vijayamma. Before the situation could go out of control, senior police officials asked Vijayamma to wind up her programme. Initially, the dharna programme was to be held between 11 am and 5 pm. But with tension mounting, police curtailed the dharna though Vijayamma herself reached the deeksha venue around 1.45 pm.With TRS observing a bandh in the town and demanding Vijayamma that her party first declare its support to separate Telangana state, a heavy security blanket was thrown in and around the town with the deployment of nearly 3,500 cops and paramilitary forces.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15115647", "title": "Prime accused in ATMs fraud held", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Civil Lines police on Monday arrested prime accused in Axis Bank ATMs fraud case. The accused was identified as Bhupesh Kumar Kushwaha, a resident of Ganga Vihar colony in Daraganj. The police also recovered Rs 1.80 lakh, ATM cards and two mobile sets from him. The police have also recovered a black bag which was used in swindling money from ATMs.SP City Shailesh Kumar Yadav said all the four persons involved in the fraud case have been arrested. Three other accused -- Anup Kumar Srivastava, Naresh Kushwaha and Awadesh Pal -- were arrested last week.He added that police have been interrogating bank officers and other employees regarding keeping additional amount in ATM against capacity.The accused had been swindling money from ATMs for the past two years and had duped Rs 1.69 crore from eight ATMs.SSP has given a reward of Rs 10,000 to the police team that cracked the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15114054", "title": "Akhilesh renames UP districts named after dalits by Mayawati", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh Cabinet on Monday approved a proposal to rename eight districts whose names were changed during former chief minister Mayawati's tenure. At a meeting chaired by chief minister Akhilesh Yadav , the state cabinet said Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj Nagar and Ramabai Nagar will revert to their original names, Amethi and Kanpur Dehat. The decision, the government said, was taken following requests from residents and people's representatives who said they were facing difficulties in identifying their districts both within and outside the state.Restoring the original names of existing districts, in Monday's cabinet, the government also approved new names for the districts that were created during the BSP regime. Bheem Nagar, Prabudh Nagar and Pancheel Nagar, three districts that were created in September 2011, the cabinet said, would now be renamed as Sambhal, Shamli and Hapur, respectively. In a similar vein, while Kanshiram Nagar will now be Kasganj, Mahamaya Nagar and J P Nagar have also been restored to their original names -- Hathras and Amroha, respectively.This is the third time the Samajwadi Party government has revoked BSP decisions. Earlier, the SP government also scrapped social welfare schemes named after Dalit icons, revoked quota system in promotions and renamed public utility services and environment awards that were constituted in the name of BSP founder Kanshi Ram.Reacting sharply to the state government's decision, former CM Mayawati said \"the act of naming districts after Dalit icons was meant to inspire people and usher the state towards social change\". Down, but hardly out, the BSP supremo also warned the SP that it would have to pay, eventually, for resorting to \"cheap popularity'' tactics.In a landmark decision, the state cabinet also decided to allot up to 250 sq meters of free land to all persons displaced by floods in the state. Saying that land would be allotted on priority basis -- to persons of Scheduled Castes and tribes, other backward castes, farmers and rural craftspeople from the general category but living below the poverty line -- the government also added that the possession of land would be revoked if beneficiaries failed to construct houses on the land, or maintain it in keeping with the state government's directions.Times ViewIn itself, restoring names by which different places have been known for a long time might seem like a good idea. However, in this particular case it is difficult to escape the conclusion that the move is driven more by a desire to undo all the previous regime did than by any considerations of public convenience. In general, the practice of repeatedly changing names of cities, districts, streets and so on is best avoided. Not only does it trigger a chain reaction of constant renaming, as in this case, it is a nuisance to the public at large which is suddenly confronted with a name it cannot associate with.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15113823", "title": "No forest land for mining: Parrikar", "text": "PORVORIM: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Monday reiterated that no forest land would be diverted for mining, in the sense that no cutting of trees in forested land would be allowed for the purpose of excavation of ore.Parrikar, however, said that dumps lying in forests are government property and forest department would take a policy decision on whether they can be removed or not.Parrikar made the statements while intervening in a discussion on a starred question by opposition leader Pratapsingh Rane on \"forest area in Charavne dam\" to forest minister Alina Saldanha.The opposition leader said that in many places around India and the world, there is scarcity of water due to global warming and that is why Goa should undertake water conservation measures. He urged the government to expedite the Charavne dam project so that water could be conserved.Saldanha replied that the forest department had not received any request from the water resources department seeking clearance of land for Charavne dam. She said forest department had written thrice to the water resources department asking them to submit a revised proposal but till date, forest department had not received any such proposal.Intervening in the discussions and reacting to charges that the project was going slow, the chief minister said he was personally coordinating between the various departments to expedite the matter. He said the delay was not from his government as it was only four months old.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15115196", "title": "Inspection of school vans next", "text": "BHOPAL: With no legal provisions to crack down on the private vans carrying children to schools the district administration is now mulling on motivating parents to take action against errant school vans. Deputy commissioner, Bhopal division Urmila Shukla talking to TOI said, \"Absence of a concrete law or guideline from the apex court is proving to be a hindrance in the case of private vans operating in the schools. Parents need to be aware and put pressure on the school vans on safety norms. After the drive on school buses, we're planning an awareness workshop with the regional transport officer (RTO) so that parents are made more conscious and also motivated to take action against the errant school vans.\"\"The schools may be clubbed in groups for organising the workshops,\" she said.Shukla added, \"We have to be careful while dealing with the school vans as \"they unite the moment there is a check-up and most of them drop the students on the road. If anything goes wrong we will be held responsible\" Overcrowding and overcharging by the van operators are the major concerns of the parents. Principal of St Mary's Convent, Tulsi Nagar, Sr Mary Sebastian had earlier said, \"We had a meeting last year with the collector and the RTO. A warning was given to the van operators that they should not over crowd their vans.\" \"Sometimes the vans do not park right outside the gate so you cannot keep a vigil all the time,\" she said.\"As for banning school vans like some other schools, parents crib that they are cheaper and pick-up students from homes unlike school buses that have dedicated stops. We do make it a point to inform parents in during parent-teacher meetings that they should try and send their children in school buses.\" SK Soni, chairman of the school van association on the other hand said, \"We had applied for a regular permit from the RTO office as well but we're still waiting to get one. Commercial tax is also collected from us, he added. There are around 5000 registered school vans in the city and another one tenth of it is unregistered.Incidents of troubleOn June 28 when the timings of the KG I and II were changed for Jawaharlal Nehru School the van operators ganged up and pressured the school management to change the timings as it did not suit them.Parents of students studying in the school had also complained that school vans were fleecing them earlier this year. The session commenced from April 2. Even though the classes were held for barely a fortnight the school vans were charging the full amount.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15114298", "title": "ABVP pays rich tributes to Chandrashekar Azad", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Akhil Bharatiya Vidhyarthi Parishad (ABVP) celebrated the 107 birth anniversary of Indian revolutionary Chandrashekar Azad on Monday.On the occasion, ABVP workers garlanded the statue of Azad at Lucknow University.ABVP members recalled the contribution of Azad during India's freedom struggle. \"Azad played a vital role in getting India free from the British rule. We should follow his words and remain united in fighting against anyone who try to rule over us,'' ABVP members said.They also recalled Azad's famous words: \"We were, we are and we will always be free from any shackles.'' On the occasion, many students from Lucknow University were also present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15115594", "title": "Haryana IAS officer guilty of contempt of court", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab and Haryana high court on Monday held T C Gupta, a senior Haryana IAS officer and director of the town and country planning department, guilty of contempt of court for issuing a licence to a Gurgaon-based builder in defiance of court orders.The HC has asked Gupta to appear in person on July 30, when the court will take a decision about action against the officer. A division bench of the HC comprising acting chief justice Jasbir Singh and Justice R K Jain passed these orders while hearing a petition pertaining to the development of two new Gurgaon sectors (63A and 67A) under the Gurgaon-Manesar urban complex 2025.The matter had reached before the HC last year through a writ petition filed by Bimal Kumar Dutta, a Faridabad resident, against the carving out of new sectors-63A and 67A-illegally and arbitrarily under the Gurgaon-Manesar urban complex -2025.According to the petition, the draft development plan of the Gurgaon-Manesar urban complex-2025 had proposal for only four sectors and these two sectors were added by the town and country planning department allegedly to benefit some builders. Acting on the petition, the Punjab and Haryana high court on August 18 last year had ordered to maintain a status quo in the area.Thereafter, the petitioner again moved a fresh contempt petition in February before the HC alleging that despite the August 18 orders, the town and country planning department issued a licence (number 119 of 2011) for construction in Sector-63 A to M/S Anantraj Industries Limited, Gurgaon.The petitioner had sought directions to initiate contempt of court proceedings against the director of the town and country planning department T C Gupta for deliberately and intentionally issuing a licence for construction. When the matter came up for hearing on Monday, the division bench held Gupta guilty for contempt of court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15114788", "title": "Babus sleep over colony's plea to de-silt drains", "text": "COIMBATORE: Frustrated by the refusal of civic officials to address their plea regarding clogged drains in the area, residents of Al Ameen colony in Ukkadam have called in people who silt sewage waters for gold dust in Ukkadam to do the cleaning.Local councillor as well as many residents complained that civic officials refused to heed to their request to de-silt the drains before the rains. \"The corporation has not deployed workers to clean the drains in the area even after the issue was raised with them on numerous occasions. We don't remember the last time when they came to clean the drains,\" said S Hyder Ali, a resident of Second Street, Al Ameen Colony.Residents claimed that if the drains are not silted and cleared before the rains, it will lead to overflow of water during the rains.Local councillor Sadik Ali said he had tried to ensure regular cleaning of the drains with the corporation workers, but gave up and, finally, decided to seek external help to ensure that the clogged drains will not lead to overflow of sewage water onto the streets. \"I contacted some of the people who engage in silting gold particles from sewage water near Ukkadam and five youth have been sent to the colony for the past few days,\" said A Sadik Ali, corporation councillor, ward no 86.Five youths have been deputed in the colony to clean the drains and take out the silt and sewage from the drains. They have been working in the area for the past few days and are cleaning the drains on each street to the relief of the residents. All of them hail from Namakkal district and have been staying in Ukkadam for the past few months. Aged between 18 and 20, they are doing the rounds one street at a time to complete the de-silting work. According to them, the councillor and other residents have spoken to some of the people who take them for casual labour in the city and they have been promised an amount after the work is completed. Early morning, they engage in silting gold dust from sewage near Ukkadam fish market complex. \"We have been working for the past few days here and it is quite hard as most of these drains are in a very bad condition,' said R Sathiyavel, 19, one of the workers.Corporation sources claimed they were facing a shortage of conservancy workers to clear and de-silt the drains. Corporation commissioner TK Ponnusamy told TOI that he will look into the matter and take necessary action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "15114847", "title": "UP govt gives nod for medical college in Greater Noida", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: To boost education and health services across Gautam Budh Nagar district, the state government has approved the proposal to open a medical college in Greater Noida. The college will come up within the premises of Kanshiram multispecialty hospital. The district does not have any government medical colleges yet.Earlier last month, the government had constituted a six-member committee headed by infrastructure &amp; industrial development commissioner, Anil Kumar Gupta, to look into the feasibility of the project. The report was forwarded to the state government last month and the decision to construct a new medical college was approved on Monday.Officials say that there is an imbalance of medical personnel and facilities across the district and this is because there are no medical colleges run by the state. The college will have infrastructure and teaching staff at par with any premier private medical institute in the country, minus the steep fees. \"This will give students a chance to pursue MBBS degrees irrespective of their economic backgrounds,\" an official said. \"The Kanshiram hospital has ample space to accommodate the two proposed colleges,\" the official added.The Kanshiram hospital, spread over 15 acres adjacent to the Gautam Buddha University, is part of the 'dream projects' of former UP chief minister Mayawati. Constructed at over Rs 500 crore, it is the second government multispecialty hospital in the entire district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "ramgarh", "code": "15115491", "title": "Non-banking financial companies shut down branch offices in Ramgarh", "text": "RAMGARH: A number of non-banking financial companies (NBFCs) have started closing their branch offices in Ramgarh after receiving notices from district administration to produce permission from the Reserve Bank of India and the Union finance ministry as proof of having the right to collect deposits from investors.The notice was served to the companies by a probe panel constituted by deputy commissioner Amitabh Kaushal. The panel was headed by circle officer (CO) Sudhir Kumar and it had directed these companies to submit the RBI permission.The CO said as many as 23 NBFCs functioning in district headquarters had been directed to stop collecting deposits from customer till the verification of their documents is completed.\"We have served notices to altogether 23 NBFCs in Ramgarh wherein they have been directed to produce documents issued by RBI and Union finance ministry proving their rights to collect deposits from customers. Barring a few, most of the companies failed to produce the documents before the administration, thereby, indicating that these companies were violating the government directives for which they may face legal action,\" Kumar said adding that many branches of the non-banking financial institutions in the town were found shut down after they received the notice from the administration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15113939", "title": "2 fresh cases of dengue in city", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two new cases of dengue were reported in the city on Monday, taking the total count of the mosquito-borne disease to eight this season. Municipal health officer Dr N K Yadav said that a one-and-a-half-year-old child from Nangloi and a woman, who lives in Rajinder Nagar, tested positive for the disease last week.He said that there has been a spurt in mosquito breeding over the past few weeks due to high levels of humidity and intermittent rain. Yadav said 454 people have been prosecuted so far for not following health department's mandatory instructions on cleanliness and unwittingly creating conditions conducive for mosquito breeding. A survey carried by the National Vector-Borne Diseases Control Programme in the capital recently found that more than 12,000 offices and households have conditions conducive for mosquito-breeding.Yadav said, \"Post rain, water stagnating in the surroundings and accumulating in household items, such as coolers, unclean overhead tanks, is common. These objects later become the breeding grounds for mosquitoes. We are running awareness programmes to educate people on the need to stop stagnation of water in their surroundings.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15114562", "title": "Metro pillar collapse: 22 get bail", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court on Monday granted bail to 22 people, including 10 senior DMRC officials, chargesheeted for allegedly being negligent during construction of a Metro pillar in Zamrudpur, which had collapsed, killing eight people in 2009.Additional chief metropolitan magistrate Sanjay Sharma granted bail to the 22 accused after they furnished a personal bond of Rs 10,000 each with one surety of the like amount. While 22 out of the 24 people indicted by Delhi Police in its July 5 chargesheet appeared before the court in response to the summons issued against them, DMRC official Vivek Prakash Srivastava and Amrik Singh of Gammon India Ltd failed to appear before the court.Srivastava's counsel said that his client had not appeared due to non-serving of summons to him. Singh had sought exemption, through his counsel, from personal appearance, saying he was not in the city. Fixing August 18 as the next date of hearing, the court asked both to appear before it. Delhi Police submitted CDs of voluminous documents in pursuance of a HC circular, which stated that e-copy of documents should be filed in court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15114446", "title": "Government reduces allowance eligibility age", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh government on Monday reduced the age of eligibility for unemployment allowance, simplified the application form and waived mandatory provision of submitting an affidavit. An order to this effect was issued by principal secretary, employment Shailesh Krishna during a meeting chaired by chief minister Akhilesh Yadav to review the unemployment scheme.During the review, the chief minister directed that the rule book of the scheme be amended immediately keeping in view the problems being faced by the applicants. As per the new order, those unemployed in the 25-40 year age group would be eligible for the allowance. Earlier, this age limit was 30-40 years. The government has also amended the conditions of registration at the employment exchange.Under the new system, applicants who get themselves registered by August 31, would start getting the allowance from next month of submitting application. As per the amendment, a person, whose annual income is Rs 36,000 or less and is registered at employment exchange, would be considered as unemployed. It has been also been decided to accept income certificate of the family issued by tehsil office and a separate certificate from the employment department would not be required.The government has also simplified the application form and now applicants would not be required to give details of movable and immovable assets. It has waived the condition of submitting an affidavit with the form.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15113121", "title": "Dadasaheb Phalke museum a burden for cash-strapped Nashik Municipal Corporation", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) spends twice as much for maintaining its prestigious project, the Dadasaheb Phalke smarak, than the income that it generates fromthe memorial.Managers and engineers involved in the memorail which was inaugurated in 2010, say that by now the income from the project should have risen by crores but those targets have far from been reached.Moreover in adddition to a water park that was introduced three years after its inauguration there have been no new developments within the structure.In-charge superintending engineer of the water supply and sewage department R K Pawar said, \"Now we need to upgrade the structure for which we need additional investment but the NMC is not in a financial position to invest. Upgrading the memorial would increase the number of visitors. The standing committee had suggested that the memorial be handed over to private parties. We get roughly Rs 50 lakh per year fromtickets sold to visitors, but we spend nearly a crore to maintain theing. The total cost of the project is Rs 17.8 crores. Citing reasons for the poor visitor turnout Pawar said that the project was over ten years old. Plus, there are no new attractions so people will not pay to see the same features on display.\"While the income has not gone down significantly, maintenance costs have increased. We have water and light bills and sprawling gardens and garden to maintain,\" Pawar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15114496", "title": "Private players to green cities", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In order to achieve the norm of minimum 15% tree cover, the forest department is planning to adopt the public private partnership (PPP) model to increase the tree cover in eight municipal corporations and 159 nagar palikas in the state.The recent tree census taken up by the social forestry division of the forest department revealed that there were 33 lakh trees in the eight municipal corporations. The forest officials said that going by the minimum number of 15% green cover against the total geographical area, the eight municipal corporations need another 56.4 lakh tress of which Ahmedabad city requires the maximum of 13 lakh trees to achieve the target of 15%. This was followed by Surat which requires 12.37 lakh more trees.Senior officials said that with the survival rate of tree plantation drive very bad in the corporation and private areas, the department was planning to adopt a PPP model to grow saplings to full grown trees.Officials said that the department will sign a memorandum of understanding with the private partner, be it NGO or a corporate or any individual society to take care of the trees.\"The NGO will be taking care of the saplings, protecting them from cattle, and water them regularly till the next monsoon. Since the forest department has prepared over 25 lakh saplings which are about two-meter high, they will be tall enough with high survival rate,\" said an official.The department will also identify plots to plant trees. These areas will then be handed over to the private partnership. The official said the department is now working on the policy whether to pay some amount for taking care of the trees or give the advertisement right in that area to the NGO. \"By 2014, these 25 lakh huge saplings will be planted in the cities,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15114901", "title": "Dada should have got walkover: BS Yeddyurappa", "text": "BANGALORE: A day after the Karnataka BJP embarrassed its central leadership with 14 members cross-voting in favour of the UPA presidential candidate, former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa rubbed it in on Monday, saying: \"Pranab Mukherjee should have been elected unanimously.\"His statement in the Karnataka legislative assembly created a flutter in BJP circles. \"All parties should have come together to elect him unanimously. Because of lack of foresight, difference of opinion and other reasons, the election became inevitable.\"He appealed to the BJP-supported NDA candidate, P A Sangma , to refrain from approaching the Supreme Court over the election. On Sunday, Sangma had indicated he'd move the court, alleging that non-UPA states were lured with packages and inducements and even faced threats. He also claimed the process was exceptionally partisan.\"I appeal to Sangma on behalf of this House not to resort to any misadventure,\" Yeddyurappa said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15114182", "title": "Opposition takes on Chhagan Bhujbal over Sadan imbroglio", "text": "MUMBAI: Maharashtra public works department (PWD) minister Chhagan Bhujbal faced sharp criticism from the Opposition on Monday.The state legislative assembly was adjourned twice amidst pandemonium over alleged irregularities in the construction of a new Maharashtra Sadan building in Delhi.As soon as the NCP leader read out a personal clarification, the Opposition demanded a discussion on the contentious issue. In the end, Bhujbal waved a white flag by announcing that he was willing to have a discussion. Speaker Dilip Walse-Patil allowed it.Refuting allegations that he and his family members had benefited from contracting work at Maharashtra Sadan, Bhujbal said the controversy was being fanned to malign his and the government's image. The decision to award the project to K S Chamankar was taken collectively by several, including an infrastructure sub-committee headed by the then chief minister and the chief secretary of Maharashtra.At the time of approving the project, the TDR (transferable development rights) cost was about Rs 2,000, but the developer was allowed to use the remaining FSI (floor space index) potential of 2,36,780 square feet at a cost of Rs 4,200. He was to build three public buildings worth Rs 100 crore, including Maharashtra Sadan, a state guest house called High Mount at Malabar Hill and an office building for the Regional Transport Office at Andheri. \"Since the remaining FSI potential was allowed to him at the market rates of 2006-07, at no point the cost escalation would affect government coffers. This was a win-win deal for us,\" Bhujbal said.The PWD minister said the RTO had submitted a proposal to his department for development of a land with a ground area of 3,12,240 sq ft as per Rule 33(14) of the Development Control Rule (DCR). With a permissible FSI of 2.5, the total potential of the plot increased to 7,80,600 sq ft. Of this, construction of a transit camp was to use up to 2,34,180 sq ft and an equal amount was handed over to the builder as a free-sale component. After constructing the RTO structures on 75,460 sq ft, the remaining FSI potential of 2,36,780 sq ft was handed over to the developer and, in return, he would construct three public building worth Rs 100 crore, Bhujbal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15115645", "title": "Mayor lays stress on streetlights", "text": "ALLAHABAD: New mayor Abhilasha Gupta conducted the first meeting of Allahabad Municipal Corporation officers on Monday. Municipal commissioner Prem Nath Dubey introduced the officers to her.While interacting with the officers, the new mayor stressed on maintaining cleanliness in the city so that people can get relief from periodic accumulation of garbage. She also said: \"there is a need to sensitize the people to keep the city clean and green.\"She also laid stress on maintaining the proper upkeep of the streetlights which are being used to illuminate the lanes and bylanes. She said that people make regular complaints about the non functioning of the streetlights. Therefore, complaints of the people should be addressed on a priority basis.She urged the officers to give their cooperation so that the promises made to the people for maintaining civic amenities can be achieved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15115088", "title": "Citizens' solution for urban floods", "text": "GUWAHATI: Residents of Hatigaon, Sijubari and Shahnagar localities in the city have submitted before the Guwahati Municipal Corporation (GMC) and the Kamrup (metro) district administration a six-point solution to tackle artificial floods. These areas are severely hit by urban floods triggered by torrential rain every monsoon.A leading citizens' committee area in the eastern part of the city has urged the administration to expedite work to dig proper water-carrying channels in the area at the earliest to solve the problem of artificial floods.\"To find out a permanent solution in the Hatigaon, Sijubari and Shahnagar is not a very difficult task as these three localities are not affected by the rising water level of the Brahmaputra and the Bharalu. Digging of the drains in these areas is much needed as a light spell of shower inundates several parts here,\" said P N Dutta Barua, vice-president of the Arunodoi Path Unnayan Committee, a local public committee.The three localities have a population of around 35,000 who have been the worst sufferers of artificial floods in the last several years.The committee, which submitted a memorandum to the GMC and the district administration recently, has insisted on digging a one-metre wide and 100-metre long drain from the OIL pipeline by the side of LNB road and Green Path up to the Miyazan storm water drain and installing a Hume pipe on the LNB road.Dutta Barua said that two pipes have already been bought by the Public Works Department (PWD) and are laying there, but work cannot proceed further due to fund constraints.\"The PWD has told us that the laying down of the pipes is held up because of non-availability of the requisite sum of Rs 1.72 lakh for the purpose,\" Dutta Barua added. He said that by installing a Hume pipe on the eastern end of Bitopan Path to flush out the water from the pipeline to Miyazan via Green Path will help reduce the enormity of urban floods in the area.\"To prevent waterlogging, Hume pipes are required to be laid down on the pipeline in Bishnujyoti Path and guard walls need to be broken,\" Dutta Barua said.The committee urged the GMC to clear the base of the culvert over the pipeline in Nisan Path near Mazar and also clear the passage for water to Miyazan.\"Immediate construction of a road-cum-drain from Bitopan Path down the proposed culvert to Green Path and a drain from that point to Miyazan is required. Moreover, a concrete drain from Green Path to Miyazan needs to be constructed by the GMC, if the end portion is not constructed by the PWD,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15113974", "title": "Snag hits Central Railway for 5th time this month", "text": "MUMBAI: The week began on a bad note for Central Railway commuters as 25 services were cancelled due to a technical failure near Kalyan on Monday afternoon.CR officials said the pantograph of BL-16 Badlapur-CST local got entangled with the overhead equipment (OHE) wires while the train was crossing from the Up fast line to the Up slow line between Kalyan and Thakurli around 12.30pm. The problem was rectified within an hour by 1.30pm.Said a CR spokesperson, \"Due to this incident, Up fast, Down fast and Up slow services were affected during this period. Suburban trains between Kalyan and CST ran 25-30 minutes late because of the incident.\"This is the fifth instance of disruption in CR services this month, excluding the accident involving Vidarbha Express on July 19 that resulted in the death of one person. Frequent disruptions and lack of announcements at CR stations have left commuters fuming. Hitesh Jani, who was at Ghatkopar station around 2.30pm, said, \"Trains arrived at an interval of 20 minutes. On two occasions I couldn't even get into the trains because of overcrowding. Finally, I took a taxi to Dadar.\"Rajesh Sawant, who was at Kurla, said, \"The indicators were of no help. Announcements could be heard only after a train had arrived on a platform.\"Kalyan resident Dinesh Singh, who was on his way to his office in Lower Parel, said, \"I was travelling on a local behind the affected train. For around 30 minutes, we had no idea why our train had stopped. It was only when some commuters got off and went towards Kalyan railway station did we learn that there was a technical snag.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15115228", "title": "Want to conserve water? Begin at home, suggest experts", "text": "PUNE: Climatic changes and erratic monsoon patterns have made it imperative for people to conserve water and harvest rainwater. Using water judiciously at home is one of the easiest ways out, say experts.Repairing leaking taps, using flush tanks that have a capacity of 9 litres per flush or less, rainwater harvesting, using bucket to clean vehicles, recycling water and encouraging housemaids to save water by giving incentives are some of the easy ways to save water at home.Watershed expert Vijay Paranjpye said, \"First, conduct a household audit of every day use of water. Once areas of wastage are identified, start looking for methods of prevention. To start with, repair all leakages at home. Ideally, you should have a flush tank that pumps 9 litres per flush or less. But in case you old flush tank with a capacity of 14 litres or more, place a brick or fill up a one litre plastic bottle and keep it in the tank to reduce water flow.\"Paranjpye said that rooftop rainwater harvesting should be taken up by an individual or a society. The water thus collected can be stored in a sump. If 10 people have rooftop rainwater harvesting in place, several people can benefit from it. Also, those having lawns at home can opt for a variety of grass that requires less water, he said.\"Stop using pipes for cleaning cars, cycles or motorbikes. Instead, use a bucket. Also, instead of using clean water, use secondary source -bathing water - for cleaning and gardening. The other simple way is to not lip the glass. The leftover water can be reused,'' he added.Water expert Datta Deshkar said the standard usage of 135 litre water per day per person can be reduced. \"As per the calculation, 15 litres are required for cooking and drinking, 20 litres for bathing, 20 for washing clothes, 20 for cleaning utensils, 15 for cleaning floor and 45 litres for flushing toilets. This can be reduced to 100 litres per day. If 40 lakh people in the city do this, we will end up saving a lot of water,'' he said.Sandeep Joshi, director of Shrishti Eco-Research Institute (SERI), Pune, said, \"Piped supply is the reason why we do not value our water resources. People no longer use wells, borewells or tubewells, which requires an individual to make efforts to draw water.''Joshi said that water used in bathroom needs ecological treatment after which it can be used for gardening purpose, washing cars and partly in flush tanks. This treatment should be made mandatory, he said.Suneel Joshi, convenor Jal Biradari, Pune, said that housemaids should be given incentives to use water judiciously. \"Maids waste a lot of water in washing clothes or cleaning utensils. We should make them understand the importance of water. I have tried giving incentive to my maid and it worked,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15114378", "title": "North Delhi Municipal Corporation, cops dithered on mosque: CM", "text": "NEW DELHI: North Delhi Municipal Corporation and Delhi Police should have reacted sooner on the Akbarabadi Mosque issue, chief minister Sheila Dikshit said on Monday. \"We should have acted sooner than this, I feel,\" said the CM, when asked to comment.Clarifying that she was referring to the corporation and the police, Dikshit said her government had no role to play in the case. \"Land belongs to the municipal body and law and order is with the Centre, hence we could not have done anything. The action should have been taken when the construction started,\" Dikshit said, adding she was happy to see that the lieutenant governor had sorted out the problem with the stakeholders.On Monday, lieutenant governor Tejendra Khanna told heads of all agencies concerned\u2014 North Delhi Municipal Corporation, ASI and Delhi Police, to name a few \u2014that no congregation should be allowed at the disputed site in keeping with the high court's directions. He stressed on handing over the site to ASI to ascertain the nature of the old structure stated to be existing there.The HC had ordered that a high-level meeting be called in the presence of all stakeholders to look into the issue urgently. The LG consequently directed that a decision should be taken only after ASI submits its report to the concerned authorities and the HC. He told the North Corporation to ensure that no congregation is allowed at the site, and the police to provide necessary support to the municipal body.On Monday, local MLA Shoaib Iqbal handed over to ASI two large boxes filled with ceramic potteries, vessels, clay pots etc that were allegedly discovered at the site during digging work. ASI will determine the authenticity of these artefacts. However, it has not taken over the disputed land from North Corporation.The corporation's commissioner PK Gupta said, \"The disputed land has been sealed. We are ready to hand it over to ASI. But the heritage body is yet to take possession.\" ASI officials said they were ready to take over possession at any time once the formalities were completed. \"We are abiding by the directions of the high court and are ready to take control of the land once the formalities are completed,\" said Dr BR Mani, joint director-general of ASI.According to sources, orders have been issued to constitute a team of experts from ASI's excavation branch to investigate the site. \"With the HC hearing on the matter scheduled for Wednesday, things have been already set into motion. ASI is making plans to involve a number of experts from various fields to help in the operation,\" said culture ministry sources.Two days after violence broke out in a section of the Walled City, peace prevailed in the area, although police had to be deployed near the disputed mosque structure. Residents and police came together in a peace march on Monday night. Senior officers also held meetings with prominent people in the area. Flag marches were carried out and south district police were also called in to participate in the peace efforts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15114814", "title": "Bogus education rampant in many institutions", "text": "COIMBATORE: Educational institutions are generally supposed to be centers of excellence where students expect to build a solid foundation for a successful career. So it is startling to come across a university that offers courses for which they have neither designed the curriculum, nor hired the faculty.Unfortunately, one does not have to look very far to find such callousness towards education. The Anna University of Technology in Coimbatore which will soon be merged with its parent counterpart in Chennai by the end of the month has left several students who had signed up for the MBA course in Airline Management stranded as the university lacks a predetermined curriculum and required faculty. According to senior faculty members of the university, in more than five years of its existence, the university has offered about 80 such courses without books and faculty, although 70 of them were abandoned for want of takers.Operated from a defunct textile mill at Jyothipuram, the university failed to improve the quality of engineering education across Western Tamil Nadu. Since its inception, it has been mired in controversy due to high level corruption, mismanagement and incompatibility of senior officers. The selection of the building itself invited controversy because it belonged to a Congress leader with strong liaisons with the then DMK government. The institution has been paying a monthly rent of Rs 12 lakh. Given that land in Jyothipuram was relatively inexpensive, they would have done well to purchase their own land there and run the university instead of paying such high rent.Started in 2007 as a pet project of the then higher education minister K Ponmudy, the university earned negative feedback when it launched several distance education courses without proper study materials and faculty. It also closed down its off campus centers meant for distance education students across the nation, saying it was not economically viable to run the centers.Even as the AIADMK government says that it would retain the present set up as the Coimbatore campus of the university, it is unclear whether the textile mill facility would be retained. Though efforts are on to shift the campus to the Government College of Technology, staff and students there are resisting the move saying that it would affect functioning of the institute with minimum facilities. Though the university was able to get 130 acres of land from Bharathiyar University to construct its own permanent campus, the construction was not initiated only because of the change in government.Devoid of competent faculty and a proper campus, the university has so far not succeeded in enhancing the quality of engineering education in the region. With over 200 affiliated engineering colleges in western Tamil Nadu, the institution has around 1,000 students on campus. There are nearly 50,000 students in its affiliated colleges.According to critics, the university failed in managing various anomalies plaguing the affiliated private engineering colleges, especially the trend of seeking huge capitation fee from students. It could not effectively resolve the crisis when cases of exam scams and malpractices were reported from some of the colleges. \"Not many will be nostalgic about its untimely closure. The only concern is the government must ensure the future of students currently pursuing courses. The staff need not worry, as they will be redeployed,\" said a senior engineering faculty of Government College of Technology.Though the Coimbatore Anna University will become history in a week's time and its Vice-Chancellor K Karunakaran will retire on the same day, vigilance cases against founder VC R Radhakrishnan will certainly create headlines in the near future. A series of corruption cases are pending against him and the issue received state wide attention when an administrative officer had committed suicide allegedly fearing arrest in one such corruption case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15115323", "title": "Superheroes can help make kids choose nutritious food", "text": "WASHINGTON: Invoking names of superheroes such as Batman in front of children can persuade children to develop their own healthy eating habits, a study has found.Just as Popeye inspired a generation to eat spinach, such role models as Spiderman or Batman could help children make healthy choices , said Brian Wansink Cornell professor of marketing, director of the Cornell Food and Brand Lab. \"Fast food patronage is a frequent reality for many children and their parents. Simply instructing a parent to order healthier food for a child is neither empowering for a child nor easy for a parent ,\" said Wansink, who is also the study co-author.\"Advising parents to ask their child, 'What would Batman eat?' might be a realistic step to take in what could be a healthier fast-food world,\" Wansink added. The study involved 22 children, aged 6 to 12 at a summer camp and the kids were asked if they wanted apple fries or French fries during several consecutive Wednesday lunches.During one of those lunches, the children were first presented with 12 photos of real and fictional role models and asked, \"Would this person order apple fries or French fries?\"As many as 45% of the children selected apple fries after being shown pictures of superheroes and other role models, compared to the 9% who chose apple fries with no superhero prompts.The findings have been published in the journal Pediatric Obesity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15113978", "title": "Court refuses to issue non-bailable warrant against Gupta", "text": "HYDERABAD: Principal special judge U Durga Prasad Rao of the CBI court on Monday refused to issue a fresh non bailable warrant (NWB) against Emaar- MGF MD Shravan Gupta, the accused number 15 in the Emaar case. The court, instead, directed Gupta to appear before the court on August 23, and before the CBI from August 24 to September 6.This brought to an end the seven-month-old legal battle between Gupta and the CBI. In fact, the CBI which secured an NBW against Gupta could not reach him in London where he lives. The court was of the view that a fresh NBW might not serve much purpose as getting him to India would involve complex diplomatic procedures and huge expenditure besides it being time consuming SHRC rejects judge's pleaJailed judge K Lakshminarasimha Rao on the Monday moved the State Human Rights Commission (SHRC) over the alleged high-handed behaviour of the Anti Corruption Bureau (ACB) officials during interrogation. Arrested a couple of days ago for his role in the cash-for-bail scam of mining baron Gali Janaradhan Reddy, Rao, who himself a former chief judge of small causes court, sent his petition through post. However, the commission rejected the petition on the grounds that it did not fall under its jurisdiction and it has no right to give directions on it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15118466", "title": "Preoccupied with internal squabbles, UPA government ignoring people's problems, says Jayalalithaa", "text": "CHENNAI: Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa on Tuesday accused the UPA government of being preoccupied with its internal squabbles and ignoring the livelihood problems of the people. Like many other states suffering due to poor monsoons, Tamil Nadu's rice bowl in the Cauvery delta area too has been reeling under shortage of water for irrigation.\"It looks like the Centre has no time to focus on people's issues as it is every day struggling with internal squabbles created by its (Congress) alliance partners,\" Jayalalithaa said.The chief minister said the Centre and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh had not heed to her repeated please to ensure that the 2007 final verdict of the Cauvery Water Disputes Tribunal be notified in the Central gazette. She also accused the Centre of not taking any steps to convene a meeting of the Cauvery River Water Authority despite her letter to the PM on May 19 in this regard.Jayalalithaa said though Karnataka had not released a single drop of water in June, her government had taken adequate steps to ensure that the farmers did not suffer much during Kuruvai (short term crop) cultivation. \"However, it is necessary that Karnataka should release the water immediately\", she said, adding that her government will continue to fight for the state's share of Cauvery water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15114477", "title": "Salman Khan's new movie in controversy again", "text": "JAIPUR: Actor Salman Khan's upcoming film 'Ek Tha Tiger' is in controversy once again. After the ban on its screening in Pakistan, the family of martyr and real-life spy Ravindra Kaushik has asked the film's producers and directors to show either the original screenplay or organize a screening of the film in Jaipur for Kaushik's family.Vikram Vashishtha, Kaushik's nephew through his counsel Madhav Mitra sent a legal notice to Yash Raj Films, the film producers, Central Board of Film Certification, the Film &amp; TV Producers Guild and Film Federation of India on Monday asking them to either show the original film script or organize a special screening before its release.Talking to TOI Vikram said, \"He (Ravindra Kaushik) was my maternal uncle who was with the Research Analysis Wing (RAW). Born on April 11, 1952 in Sriganganagar he also did his graduation from there. He displayed his talent at national level dramatic meet in Lucknow, which was also witnessed by some officials of the intelligence wing (RAW). He was contacted and offered job for the secret intelligence in Pakistan. Later he was sent to Pakistan for the purpose.\" He said that the promos of 'Ek Tha Tiger' suggested that the film is based on Ravindra Kaushik's life.\"Kaushik's family fought a long battle till 2002 when he died in a Multan (Pakistan) jail. Before making such a film on the martyr's life I think the makers should have researched well and contacted us,\" he added.Madhav Mitra the counsel said, \"Prima facie resemblance is on the account that the promos show that ISI (Pakistan agency) and RAW (Indian Agency) indulged in day-to-day war. The promos reveal that the agent named 'Tiger' worked in Pakistan and had an affair with a Pakistani girl. He fought for the country as well as for his love. Shashi Vashishtha, mother of my client Vikram is the Ravindra's only sister. Thus, the family has full right to either go through the certified screenplay or watch it prior to national/ international release,\" he added.His life, his deathRavindra Kaushik was a true Indian patriot though he lived in Pakistan and also pursued LLB there. He was then recruited in defence services in Pakistan. He fell in love with a local Pakistani girl and married her. He was in Pakistan Army from 1979 to 1983 and during this tenure he dispatched valuable information to RAW which was of great help to the Indian defence mechanism. In the 1985 he was awarded death sentence which was subsequently converted into life imprisonment. Kaushik remained in various jails from where he somehow sent letters which revealed the pathetic health condition and the trauma faced by him in Pakistani jails. He was awarded the title of 'Black Tiger' by RAW and also by the then Prime Minister, Indira Gandhi .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15115449", "title": "Administration turns deaf ear to Shiva revelries", "text": "RANCHI: Like in the past, hooliganism in the name of celebrating Shravan Somvaar is rampant in the capital once again.While the devotees are getting ready for their visit to Baidyanathdham temple in Deoghar or Tangi Nath temple in Gumla to offer water and prayer to Lord Shiva, handful of revelers take to streets to sing, dance, smoke and create troubles for the commuters on road.On Sunday, almost every square in the capital and all temples were flocked by hundreds of so-called devotees.SDO Shekhar Jamuar said the authorities had noticed that the main thoroughfares in the capital and temples in different parts of the city were turned into centers of hooliganism.\"Loudspeakers are blaring out music at full blast and that too after 10pm,\" he said while clarifying that it was because of religious sentiments that the administration hesitated to tackle the situation with an iron fist.The administration passes the buck to socio-religious organizations saying that they must come forward to control the activities that disturb other citizens. \"Instead of using penal provisions on the violators, we would prefer the religious bodies to intervene and check the menace,\" he said. Asked if a meeting was convened with the religious organizations to seek their cooperation, Jamuar said some initiatives would be taken soon.Member of the Mahanagar Durga Puja Samity and the office-bearer of the Mahavir Mandal Ranchi Uday Shankar Ojha also said the Supreme Court norms on using loudspeakers was openly violated in the capital during festivals. \"No socio-religious organization dares to intervene in the revelry of festivals. When the administration has the enforcing agencies, they should come forward,\" he said assuring that the organizations would be ready to extend cooperation.Anuradha Sinha, a retired teacher, said she was not willing to take the youths of her locality to the police station as she was hopeful that the administration would act on its own.\"Why they wait for a complaint to be lodged because it is up to the administration to ensure that law is not violated,\" she said pointing to the loudspeakers tied to the temple dome that was blaring out loud devotional music even after midnight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15115365", "title": "Reducing salt in your food can cut cancer risk", "text": "LONDON: Cutting down on salty foods such as bread and breakfast cereals may reduce the risk of developing stomach cancer, a study has found.Eating too much salt is not all about sprinkling it over fish and chips or Sunday lunch, the vast majority is already inside food.WCRF, a UK charity that gives advice on how cancer can be prevented through diet, physical activity and weight, said that people should take less salt and the content of food should be labelled more clearly.Too much salt is bad for blood pressure and can lead to heart disease and stroke , but it can also cause cancer, the 'BBC New' reported.The recommended daily limit is 6 g, about a level teaspoonful , but the World Cancer Research Fund said people were eating 8.6 g a day.Some food labels list the sodium content instead of the amount of salt \u2014 sodium is a component of salt. To work out how much salt a food contains, multiply the sodium content by 2.5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "15115516", "title": "Jharkhand Mukti Morcha leader surrenders in court", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The district president of the Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM), Ramesh Hansda, wanted in connection with a brawl in the Dhalbhum subdivisional office, surrendered before the first class judicial magistrate S P Thakur on Monday after his anticipatory bail was rejected. He was subsequently taken into judicial custody. Hansda surrendered at the court around 2pm.\"My client's (Hansda) anticipatory bail was rejected by the court of judicial magistrate and he has subsequently sent to the judicial custody. We will apply for his bail in the regular court tentatively on Wednesday,\" said Hansda's counsel Keval Kishan. Hansda allegedly assaulted Babulal Tuddu, a clerk, following an altercation over issuing of caste certificate on July 11. The non-gazetted state government employees of the district were on protest for several days seeking arrest of Hansda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15117844", "title": "Babies born in Autumn likely to live to 100", "text": "LONDON: Autumn babies born between the months of September and November are more likely to cross the 100th milestone, a new study has revealed.Gathering data from 1500 centenarians born between 1880 and 1895 within the United States, researchers at the University of Chicago discovered that the majority of these people were born in The Fall.The new research confirms that the month in which you were born and the environment and temperature into which you arrive will affect your behaviour, your genetics and your longevity .Previous studies into life spans and date-of-birth had also indicated that children born in autumn stand a better chance of living longer, but researchers felt that the economic factors such as wealth might have made the result uneven.Working on data from 1880 to 1895, Leonid Garilov and Natalia Gavrilova at the University of Chicago compared the birth dates and life spans of centenarian's siblings and spouses.They supposed that siblings would have experienced similar early environment and genetic backgrounds as the century-makers and that their spouses would have shared similar experiences later in life.The pair's data revealed that more centenarians were born in the autumn than in the spring or any other time of year.Checking the birth rates month-to-month to see whether more people were born in autumn months than any other, they found no significant fluctuations.Most people who lived till they were 100-years-old were born between September and November and the fewest number were born in March, May and July.The duo also found that the results for the autumn century-makers was more pronounced for children who were born between 1880 and 1889 than those born between 1889 and 1895.\"The most popular hypothesis to explain the finding is that seasonal infections in early life are creating long-lasting damage to human health,\" the Daily Mail quoted Gavrilo, who recently presented his work to the Population Association of America in San Francisco, as saying.Gavrilov attributed the other possible reasons for the findings to seasonal vitamin deficiency or seasonal variation of hormone levels.Backing up his data historically, Gavrilov found that his data holds true in the years after 1889 too.\"Mortality from infectious diseases was decreasing over time during the end of the 19th century and this particularly the case for summer infections,\" Gavrilov added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15114409", "title": "BlackBerry-based system to address your complaints", "text": "LUCKNOW: Imagine dialling the city police's control room number to inform it about some incident and the police station concerned gets back to you to brief about the action taken on your information within two hours of the complaint being registered. Sounds living in the dream world, considering the state of affairs in the police department in the state in general and state capital in particular. However, a specialised Public Grievance System being introduced in the state capital with the help of a Kolkata-based firm will make such distant dreams a reality in couple of days from now.\"The project is being launched on a pilot basis to see its viability, though for a month,\" said district police chief Ashutosh Pandey.Since people also approach their local representatives, all the MLAs of the city would be requested to either come personally on Wednesday or send their representatives and understand how this system works and guide the complainants who approach them.So, what if the concerned police station doesn't respond to the caller in 120 minutes? \"An automated mail will reach at the city control room, which will then remind the concerned police station,\" said radio maintenance officer Raghvendra Pratap Singh. If that also fails to move the cops at the police station, another mail will drop at district police chief IG Ashutosh Pandey's email id in next 10 minutes, who will then seek the reason for the delay and direct officials to inform about the status of the complaint to the complainant.The complaint from the city control room will be passed to the public grievances cells, which have been set up at each police station. The system has been implemented in all the 43 police stations. Adding to it, 19 police stations of the city have been given a BlackBerry mobile set at the grievances cell. The cell comprising a head constable and two constables at each police station had also been trained to handle the BlackBerry mobile set.In order to register a complaint through the public grievances system, the caller will have to dial 2610000, a call centre-like line capable of handling 30 calls at a time. Based on IVRS system, the automated message will guide the caller to do the needful, before it starts recording the complaint, suggestion or information from the caller.The caller has to inform in one minute, and after this, the phone will stop recording the message.The voice call from the caller will be transferred to server installed at city control room, from where; computer professionals will divert the voice call to the concerned police station. If the message is for those police stations, which have BlackBerry sets, the voice call will be forwarded to that police station's grievance cell. The cops there will listen to the complaint and then pass it on to concerned beat cop.At the same time, the caller will get an 8-digit number through SMS meaning that his complaint has been noted. The same number will be received by the station incharge concerned. This will make him aware about the complaint reaching the grievance cell, so that he can also keep a check on the development taking place on the complaint front and would also make him responsible.The IG also said that Lucknow is the first city in the country to introduce mobile-based system instead of web-based systems and would make police further responsible, as they would have to not only acknowledge the complaint, but also inform about the status.However, call it lack of trust on the police or anything else; Lucknowites are welcoming this system with lot of scepticism. \"It sounds very good, but then would police actually take it seriously? I doubt,\" says Dr AK Mathur, a resident of Indiranagar.\"I wish this becomes a reality, but then it will go on to be a few days of excitement and after that this system will also die out of neglect like so many earlier schemes, systems and cells,\" said Manu Verma, a BA IIIrd year student residing at a girl's hostel in Hazratganj.The reluctance of the people to embrace the new system with an open heart is obvious as community policing, whistle policing, use of civil police to streamline traffic, drive against money-lending and many others were initiated during the regime of IG Ashutosh Pandey. However, none is now talked about nor any of the schemes have brought change in the perception of the people towards police.\"Several SSPs, DIGs and now IG heading the state capital police have come up with some or the other great concepts which always sounded good, when explained. But, they rarely continued for a long time. So why to pin hope on such systems and schemes,\" said VM Shukla, a lawyer in high court. \"No wonder feedback-based system is effective, but will it work in the longer run? An interesting wait it will be,\" Shukla further said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15114776", "title": "Old results in marks scam under scanner", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board ( GSHSEB) officials have got the database of class XII results back from Nilpa Management and Computer Services Pvt Ltd; the firm was given a contract for pre and post exam services last week. The database for the last two years will be scrutinized by board officials to ascertain if marks were inflated before the marks for cash scam came to light.\"The agency was working with the board for two years and had been entrusted with preparing final results. It is a massive database that will be compared to original answer papers and results issued,\" said a senior board official. \"If anomalies are detected, results of candidates will be altered accordingly. We do not want any other student to suffer due to the malpractice.\"Earlier this month, the board unearthed the scam before admission lists for professional colleges were announced. In all, 220 students got their marks altered to boost chances of admission in professional courses, 46 students had got 100 or more additional marks. Sources have disclosed that an amount ranging from Rs 3 lakh to Rs 5 lakh was charged from these students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15112967", "title": "Nashik Municipal Corporation co-opt nominations to be filed by Wednesday", "text": "NASHIK: The nomination process to induct five co-opted members within the Nashik Municipal Corporation, begins on Wednesday. Political activity among parties fielding candidates has therefore gathered momentum. Members will be co-opted according to the strength of each party in the House.Among the five members to be co-opted, two will be from the MNS, while the Shiv Sena, NCP and Congress will co-opt one each.The names of the co-opted members will be announced at a special general body meeting, the date for which will be announced by the mayor. Asenior Shiv Sena official said, \"We have already sent a list of seven aspiring candidates to our party chief Uddhv Thackeray. The names will be finalized by Wednesday morning.\"Last week, general secretary of Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee, Ganesh Patil, conducted interviews of aspiring candidates in Nashik city. City Congress chief Akash Chhajed, former corporator Hemlata Patil, former city chief and former corporator Shailesh Kute, Dr Subhash Deore, industrialist Ramesh Pawar and Ulhas Satbhai were among those interviewed.When contacted, a senior MNS office-bearer said, \"Our list of candidates will be sent to our leader Raj Thackeray on Tuesday. \" The source added that the MNS will nominate its candidates for two posts and will not be leaving a seat for its allym the BJP. Candidates in the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP), who are in the running, include former corporator Pratibha Pawar and Manohar Borade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15115601", "title": "ATM card clone case: Crooks reveal tricks of trade to cops", "text": "RANCHI: A team of cyber experts, based in Bangalore and Kolkata, is cloning debit cards to withdraw money unlawfully from the ATM.Police sources said \"engineers\" behind the scene provide technical know-how as to how can one duplicate ATM cards and use stolen PIN numbers to withdraw bucks.Three cyber criminals, brought from Bangalore on transit remand on Friday, have revealed to the cops here about a fake ATM card racket that operates all across the country. On a two-day police remand the trio, accused of unlawfully withdrawing crores of rupees via dubious ATM cards in Ranchi last year, is being interrogated by cyber experts and district police.Ranchi SSP Saket Kumar Singh said the criminals have made important revelations that police would use to crack other cases too. \"The investigation is still on,\" said the SSP.Varun Kamal Kumar from Hyderabad, Ajay Lal Mathur from Delhi, and Jamir Sheikh from Mumbai have confessed to the crime. They are also wanted by cops in Bangalore, Hyderabad, and other cities for unlawfully withdrawing money from the bank accounts of gullible people.The criminals use unique methods to swindle money from people. They put up car polish selling counters by the roadside in Ranchi in June 2011. At the shops, local workers were hired to sale the car polish lotions at a discount. It drew crowds of car owners and as they did not have immediate cash, the fraudsters made them swipe ATM cards to purchase the polish. The special machines used to swipe the ATM cards were able to copy data and PIN numbers.Jagannathpur police inspector Arvind Chaudhary said that the criminals have confessed that they used to send the data and PIN to their masterminds in Kolkata and Bangalore. \"The crooks used to duplicate ATM cards with the information they received and withdrew money,\" said Chaudhary.Sources in the police informed that similar cases were recorded in Bangalore, Hyderabad, Kolkata and other cities as well. Cases of unlawful withdrawal were reported from an ATM in Jagannathpur locality on June 19 last year. Cash was also withdrawn on June 18 from a bank's ATM in Doranda locality. Following the incident, several FIRs were lodged with Jagannathpur, Doranda and Argora police stations.\"All the previous cases are being reviewed and the criminals are being interrogated accordingly,\" said Ranchi SP (city) Vipul Shukla.Meanwhile, Jharkhand police is set to conduct a daylong workshop on cyber defence at DPS Ranchi campus on Tuesday. \"It is an initiative to sensitize the students about cyber defence. Today the world can't run without computers and internet. Thus the risks of security have also gone up,\" said Shukla.The workshop, which is being organized in association with NIIT, will be held in other parts of the state later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15115339", "title": "Fake lawyer sent to police custody", "text": "PUNE: A magisterial court here on Monday sent Amitkumar Davar (34) of Chandannagar to police custody till July 26 for issuing fake title and search certificates to several financial institutions while impersonating as a lawyer.According to the police, Davar allegedly used the name of city-based lawyer Sachin Ashok Ingule (38) of Guruwar Peth to prepare fake stamp papers and letter heads. The incident came to light after Ingule lodged a complaint against Davar with the Bund Garden police station.Sub-inspector Ashok Randive produced Davar before judicial magistrate first class Rohidas Wankhade for seeking seven days' police custody remand.Assistant public prosecutor Suchitra Narote argued that the custodial interrogation of the suspect is essential as the police have seized a laptop worth Rs 20,000, a printer and Ingule's letterheads from his office. Narote told the court that police would require time to conduct detail investigations in respect of the forged documents, letterhead misuse and the use of rubber stamps. She said she suspects involvement of others in the crime.Police clerk, middleman released on bailA magisterial court here on Monday granted bail to Kailas Bhosale (43), a junior clerk at the arms licence department of the Pune police commissionerate and middleman Ajay Agarwal (46) of Sinhagad Road, who were arrested for forging records to issue a firearms licence.The suspects were released on personal bond and surety bonds of Rs 15,000 each. They were directed to give attendance at the Bund Garden police station on every Monday, Thursday and Saturday between 11 am and 2 pm till the filing of chargesheet. Bhosale allegedly attached fake documents to the records register and managed to get a 'duplicate' licence issued in the name of Vasant Kokane. Agarwal acted as middleman in the process.Bhosale and Agarwal were arrested on July 18 and 19. The duo filed bail pleas after they were remanded to magisterial custody after they were produced before the court on Monday.Assistant public prosecutor Suchitra Narote opposed the bail pleas as the two were involved in a serious crime committed at the commissionerate. Quoting section 467 (forgery) of the Indian Penal Code, Narote argued that the offence committed by them is punishable to life imprisonment and pleaded to reject their bail pleas.Defence lawyers Pratap Pardeshi, Sachin Thombare and Shailesh Keote, representing the suspects, pleaded for bail as the documents and money in the case were seized by the police. The court upheld their arguments and granted bail to the suspects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15114810", "title": "Honest guard's killers nabbed", "text": "BANGALORE: Rame Gowda alias Krishnappa paid with his life for being honest. Peenya police arrested four interstate assailants on Sunday for allegedly bludgeoning the 45-year-old security guard to death on July 19 and recovered stolen materials worth around Rs 1.5 lakh from them.The assailants confessed they killed him when he refused to help them loot iron material from the factory he was guarding. Ajai Harishankar Dube, 28, his roommate Imtiyaz Mohammed, 25, (both residents of Rajagopalnagar and from Uttar Pradesh), Banu Sahani 25, of Rajagopalnagar and from Bihar and Tangaraja Pichchai, 33, of Hegganahalli in Peenya stole material from the unit in Peenya Industrial Area.While Tangaraja is a scrap merchant, the other three accused are ex-employees of the factory.\"The four men went to the factory around 9.30pm that night but Rame Gowda asked them to leave the place at once,\" police said. They tried to tempt him with a major share of the booty, but Rame Gowda refused. They pushed him into a pit and beat him to death. They left the place after looting the factory,\" police saidPolice traced them near Yeshwantpur railway station and arrested them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15114648", "title": "Consortium spreads the message", "text": "To fight tobacco addiction in Karnataka, 19 institutes joined hands on May 31, 2001 to form the Consortium For Tobacco Free Karnataka (CFTFK) on World No-Tobacco Day.Its objective was to create awareness about ill-effects of tobacco consumption and cultivation. It planned to launch educational programmes among students, children and youths and to push for tobacco-control policies.\"Our volunteers visit schools, especially in rural areas. We train two teachers in each school, who then teach students about the harmful effects of tobacco. Each student is asked to teach the same thing to his/her parents and at least 10 neighbours. The message spreads fast. We also the spread message through All India Radio,\" said Dr Riyaz Basha, associate professor, community medicine, Bangalore Medical College and Research Institute (BMCRI) and member of CFTFK.The state government is doing its bit to curb the sale of tobacco products. Since May 31, 2011, the health and family welfare department has collected Rs 5 lakh as fines for violation of Cigarette and Other Tobacco Products Act, 2004. It targets smoking in public places and prohibits the sale of tobacco products to minors in and around schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15115026", "title": "Baben redefines development for rural India", "text": "SURAT: Marked by swanky roads, total literacy, high internet connectivity and ever increasing annual revenue, Baben has surely come a long way to redefine what villages in the country can be. Besides having achieved development on the economic parameters, it has also done so socially - even the progress has been socially inclusive. The facilities that are being enjoyed extend across all sections of the society that inhibit this village.Located just 7 km off Bardoli town, more than 50 per cent of the 2,500 homes of the village have internet connections. The panchayat, too, is reflective of the progressive population and of the 19 members nine are graduates including the sarpanch. The rest are also well educated. Having a young profile, all the members of the panchayat are below 40 years of age.As a developed destination, it has drawn immigrants from a dozen states of the country and today out of a total population of 15,600, Baben has just 900 natives and the rate of unemployment is zero.This is a village that has witnessed more than 10-fold increase in its income over the last six years, something unheard of anywhere else in rural India.\"Big developers started eyeing this village for huge residential development from 2006-07 onwards. At the same time, the panchayat started getting the professional and property tax dues from a sugar factory located here. These two factors helped change the entire landscape,\" said Bhavesh Patel, sarpanch for the last two terms who has been elected unopposed.The talati deputed in the village, R Vishambharam said, \"About half of the village revenue comes from professional tax, property tax and development tax.\"Residents of the village claim that there is no distinction made in the infrastructure facilities. Be it a Patel society or a Harijan vas, good roads, water and sanitation are there for all.Baben has the distinction of having Gujarat's first self-financed polytechnic that was established in 1996. The Vidya Bharti Education Trust formed by locals under the leadership of Jagdish Patel has been extending professional qualification to students.\"It has served as a catalyst of growth for our village. The moment it was established, the growth engine got the necessary boost,\" said Jayesh Shah, principal of the polytechnic.The panchayat developed a lake at the cost of Rs 1.25 crore from its own fund and went on to beautify it over the last two years.It has also made a mark in environmental conservation as people plant more than 5,000 trees every monsoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15114544", "title": "Relatives seek CBI probe into Happy Rajesh murder", "text": "KOCHI: The CBI chose not to oppose a petition seeking probe by the central agency into the murder of 'Happy' Rajesh, the first accused in the murder attempt on Mathrubhumi reporter V B Unnithan at Kollam.When the petition field by Rajesh's relatives came up for admission hearing before the high court on Monday, CBI counsel P Chandrasekharan Pillai didn't oppose the demand. Following this, Justice S S Satheeshachandran ordered that the case diary of the investigation be produced. Rajesh's relatives have contended that Crime Branch probing the case related to attack on Unnithan in which its own officials are the accused won't be fair.A CBI team that investigated the murder attempt on Unnithan submitted the chargesheet in the case on July 6. Of the first five persons arrayed as accused in the case, two are police officers in the rank of DySPs -- M Santhosh Nair and Abdul Rasheed. The CBI probe had revealed that the two who were serving in the Crime Branch had hatched a conspiracy to attack Unnithan, in Kerala and Goa.The attack was planned after Unnithan had revealed through his reports that there existed an unholy nexus between criminals and police officers in Kollam. CBI's main stay in the case was the statement by 'Container' Santhosh, an accused in the case who turned approver. The attack on Unnithan was allegedly coordinated by 'Happy' Rajesh, who was found dead on April 27. A probe by the Crime Branch into the murder had failed to link the murder with the attack on Unnithan and had cited personal enmity as the reason for the killing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15115380", "title": "\u2018Kareena\u2019 comes from HP, \u2018Katrina\u2019 from Punjab", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Narcotics ('Kareena and Katrina') reportedly delivered at discotheques here were obtained from Himachal Pradesh and Punjab. After these were smuggled to the city, girls were used as couriers to supply the drugs to youngsters particularly on weekends. And these girls supplied narcotics in 'ready-to-use' form by mixing these in cigarettes, with each roll costing between Rs 700 and Rs 1,500.The details were divulged by two 'couriers', Khushi Malhotra and Sunita Rajan, who were arrested from a Sector 17 discotheque on Sunday. They told during interrogation that the smallest quantity of charas ( Kareena), which was 10gm, cost Rs 800 and a small packet of smack ( Katrina) Rs 1,300 in the city. Charas was supplied from Rohru and Malana in Shimla and Kullu district, respectively, and smack from Punjab.Sources said, \"Khushi and Sunita mostly used to attend weekend parties. There are nine more girls in their group who are famous among youngsters frequenting discos.\"Sunita, a native of Nainital in Uttarakhand, was residing in Khushi's Sector 32 house as a paying guest. She was a professional dancer who worked with orchestra and dance groups. On Sunday, they had visited the disco to deliver 630mg smack to a youth at Rs 2,400, but the two were nabbed even as the customer escaped.A court here has sent the two to judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "porvporim", "code": "15115626", "title": "Helmets must for pillion rider", "text": "PORVPORIM: Transport minister Ramkrishna 'Sudin' Dhavalikar told the Goa assembly that helmets for pillion riders on two-wheelers will be made compulsory within two weeks.Replying to a discussion on demands for grants to the transport department, Dhavalikar said that in view of fatalities increasing due to road accidents, the government has already decided to make wearing of helmets compulsory for pillion riders. For the rider, it is compulsory to use helmet on national highways since 2004.\"We'll implement the decision in two week's time,\" Dhavalikar said. He made the statement after opposition leader Pratapsingh Rane expressed concern over the increasing number of deaths due to road accidents.Dhavalikar, responding to a point raised by Nuvem MLA Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco, said that the Goa school bus rules will also be implemented soon.Regarding Kadamba transport corporation, the transport minister said 100 new buses would be purchased in two months for which the government has sanctioned 30 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15115049", "title": "Committee to advise Seba chairman on improving board", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Board of Secondary Education, Assam (Seba) is going to have a special four-member committee that would advise the Seba chairman on ways to improve the functioning of the board.Shantikam Hazarika, Seba chairman, said, \"The committee will be different from the Srinath Baruah Committee as its only function will be to advise the chairman on ways to improve the board and the members would not be from the board.\"Seba is going in for a major revamp after a series of anomalies in this year's HSLC examination. The routine for next session's exam has already been declared and the students will get admit cards by November this time. However, Seba officials claimed that the revamp is not because of the gaffes in the exam, but an attempt to improve the quality of the examination of the state board.\"We have been considering a revamp for a long time, and whatever had happened in the examination was not as big an issue as it was made out to be. Nevertheless, we don't want to take any chances this time and so we are not keeping any loopholes,\" he said.This time, school principals will not be in charge of the centres as this creates a lot of confusion during the examination. \"The school principal's duty would be to look into the smooth functioning of the examination. If they are put on the duty of the centre in-charge, it creates an extra burden on them and we won't do so this time as we want the exams to be conducted smoothly,\" Hazarika said.Also, from this year onwards, more emphasis would be given to checking and evaluation of answer sheets and, so, the education minister said that the amount allotted to the teachers who evaluate the copies has been increased from Rs 2 to Rs 10 per copy.A senior Seba official said, \"Since the results would be declared by May next year, the evaluation has to be done within a short period of time, so the education minister has decided to increase the amount from Rs 2 to Rs 10. The board needs a major boost so a lot of new steps are being taken to improve its functioning.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15114917", "title": "Bikers snatch bag with Rs 6.5L", "text": "SURAT: Marketing executives of a newly started vernacular daily were robbed of a bag containing Rs 6.5 lakh in cash near Athwagate. The duo snatched the bag when the executives were waiting at a crossroad.Accordign to Umra police station officials, the executives Hitesh Rana and Jayesh Rana left their office in ITC Center with some cash and went to a bank on Ambaji Road to withdraw Rs 4 lakh. The duo traveled to another bank on Athwalines and withdrew Rs 1 lakh and headed for office.When they were waiting at the crossroad, the person riding pillion snatched the leather bag containing the money and fled.\"The victims chased them, but in vain. They informed us that the one of the bikers was wearing a red cap and black shirt,\" said investigating officer AS Chauhan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15115218", "title": "Principals to face music if college data not updated", "text": "BHOPAL: The higher education department of the state has directed the colleges of the state to comply with its order relating to updating of their faculty and facilities data on their websites before July 25. Several colleges have ignored the earlier directives of the department.In the fresh directives issued on Monday the department has made it clear that action would be taken against the principals of the erring colleges.Department sources said, the colleges were repeatedly directed to add information about the vacant posts in teaching staff, their transfers, the strength of the teaching staff and others.\"We have been facing problems in planning and initiating several policy decisions in the absence of proper data by the colleges. The information provided by several colleges on their websites are either not updated or insufficient,\" commissioner, higher education, V S Niranjan said.\"Colleges have been asked to upload the required information in the next two days. The principals will be responsible in case of non-compliance,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15114318", "title": "Transport meet falls flat, brace for twin strikes", "text": "KOLKATA: If you think you have had the worst time on the roads last Saturday due to the July 21 rally, think it over. More such experiences may be in store for you in days ahead with Monday's meeting between operators and transport minister Madan Mitra failing to arrive at any conclusion over the contentious issue of fare hike. This means, as of now, taxis and buses won't ply on city roads on July 25 and 31, respectively.Turning down transport operators' demand for an upward revision of taxi and bus fares, Mitra said, \"Fare hike cannot solve the problem. Unfortunately, the operators are not showing any patience. I cannot change the situation overnight. We are asking them not to play with fire and to refrain from holding strikes. If they still go ahead with the strike, it will be dealt with accordingly.\"However, the transport minister believes the situation will change soon as the government was working on a revenue model so that the transport system becomes feasible for commuters as well as operators. \"Our officers are working hard on the revenue model. I can assure that the new model we are working out will bring a long-term solution,\" Mitra said.But the minister's words of hope failed to pacify the operators, who were visibly upset with the impasse. \"It was a fruitless meeting. I did not understand the sense behind this meeting. If the government does not increase fares, then they should pay us a subsidy,\" said Citu leader Subhas Mukherjee. He added that the trade union will be supporting the twin strikes.Representatives of the Joint Council of Bus Syndicates and Bengal Bus Syndicate were disappointed with the outcome of the meeting as it has \"ecome difficult\" to continue running services. \"The minister has said that fares will not be increased. We have outlined our situation to the minister and asked him to review the decision. We are banking on expectations but it is becoming difficult to continue running services,\" said Dipak Sarkar of Bengal Bus Syndicate. owever, the minibus operators' association has refrained from taking part in the July 31 strike. \"We will continue with our agitation and will conduct a hunger rally soon,\" said minibus association secretary Abasesh Daw.Also, the taxi association has decided to confine their 48-hour strike to just 24 hours.Stepping out of the meeting on Monday, Mitra highlighted a few points that were discussed. \"There are some problems with delivering driving licenses by post. We have asked the postmaster general to ensure speedy delivery of licenses. Also, there is some confusion over the jurisdiction of GRP, RPF and Howrah city police at Howrah station. The concerned authority has been asked to sort out the issue. Besides, the police have been asked to address the issue of passengers at Satragachhi being harassed while trying to take taxis. They have also been asked to address the problem of cars plying illegally with government of India, government of West Bengal or press stickers,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15115614", "title": "'Won't tolerate foreign enclaves'", "text": "PORVORIM: Responding to concerns raised by Congress MLA from Dabolim Mauvin Godinho about some foreigners like Russians and Israelis creating their own \"enclaves\" in Goa, CM Manohar Parrikar said such a thing would not be tolerated and that the government can think of not giving trade licenses to those who put up boards in their own languages or try to have exclusivity for foreign nationals.Stating that the government has taken note of it, Parrikar said his government would not tolerate such behaviour.Regarding shacks which put up menu boards in their own languages or try to maintain exclusivity, Parrikar said, this too will not be tolerated. He stressed that shacks and other eateries will have to put up boards in Konkani, Marathi, English or Hindi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15115103", "title": "Assamese websites foster cultural bond, assist jobhunt", "text": "GUWAHATI: The increase of Assamese netizens in the web world has prompted a sudden spurt of Assamese and bilingual websites. These are acting as suitable platforms for propagating Asamese culture and heritage abroad and are helping the Asamese youths to grab good opportunities in the job market.Websites like enajori.com, sakori.org, aamiasomiya.com, sahitya.org, and others alike are reportedly helping people, especially the Assamese diaspora settled abroad to know more about the cultural and literary progress in the state and the region as well. Some websites are dedicated solely to literary and cultural heritage and the recent activities in this respect. There are a few others which keep the Assamese community abreast of the current affairs, political scenario, and provide an interactive platform as well.Enajori.com, a popular bilingual website which is fast gaining grounds in the community of Assamese netizens is one such site. It reportedly receives around 1.5 to 2 lakhs visitors or hits a month, and within the next couple of months the number is likely to increase. The website was started in 2010 and till now has been involved and busy in putting Laxminath Bezbaruah's 'Budhi Aiye Sadhu', Rita Choudhury's 'Popiya Torar Xadhu', and others on line so that readers can have access to it.\"The response from people has been good and encouraging so far. We are planning to translate into English many Assamese short stories and even contemplating to publish an online children's magazine. Now-a-days every community in various parts of the world is trying to showcase their cultures and ethnicity. We have always been feeling that there could be a big online site with the full database on Assam. We are a registered society and now we are busy with the database work promoting cultural heritage of Assam worldwide through internet. We are also involved in making online database of Assamese culture, literature, wildlife. We are also organizing different seminars on Assamese folk culture &amp; music, translation of Assamese literature into English under 'Project Lipyontor' and promoting Assamese scripts on web through UNICODE,\" said Himjyoti Talukdar, coordinator, Enarjori.com.Workshops on UNICODE in different educational InstitutionsCareer counseling programmes are being organized in different rural and semi urban areas of Assam. Sakori.com is registering around 5,000 visits on a daily basis. It is an initiative by Satyakam Dutta, a UPSC exam rank holder. He said it is a platform through which job candidates can search for the right opportunities. \"It is specifically for North East and the jobs are based in the region. We collect information from various sources like newspapers, governmental archives, company archives and others, compile them and provide them in the website in a concise fashion. We have two types of sites one of which is to cater information and the other is purely an interactive site,\" said Dutta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "15115344", "title": "Pravin Maniar to attend Patel's birthday", "text": "RAJKOT: Veteran Rashtriya Svayamsevak Sangh (RSS) leader Pravin Maniar will attend former chief minister Keshubhai Patel's 'Parivartan Sammelan' to be held on his birthday in Surat on Tuesday.Maniar was among the founding members of RSS in Rajkot along with Arvind Maniar, Chiman Shukla and Keshubhai. Maniar was sampark pramukh of western region for RSS and is a highly revered figure in the Sangh Parivar.Maniar is not known to have cordial relationship with chief minister Narendra Modi .Sources said Maniar had played an important role as RSS leader during Keshubhai's tenure as chief minister, but since Modi came into power, he along with other saffron leaders were sidelined in the decision-making process within the BJP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "15115486", "title": "Palamu Tiger Reserve's lone male tiger counting its days", "text": "DALTONGANJ: The Palamu Tiger Reserve (PTR) has just one aging male tiger. The tiger is about 9 to10 years old. Average life span of a tiger is 12 years that too only if it is not domesticated or kept in captive.Sources in the PTR said going by this account the lone male tiger of PTR has not many years to live on.The actual crisis will arise when this lone male tiger dies. The PTR officials when asked conceded this to be a major cause of concern. However none of the officials were ready to give comment officially. \"We have been asked by the principal chief conservator of the forest-cum- chief-wildlife warden A K Malhotra not to speak to media,\" said one official.Sources said there are 5 female tigers in PTR. Copulation is very rare now and the prey base for a tiger has shrunk considerably. \"A tiger now requires covering 30 to 40 sq km to hunt its prey which is reducing its copulative power,\" the official said.\"For a tiger the maximum prey base where it can have its prey is 20 sq km. But in PTR the prey is not available and hence the tigers have to toil a lot and move forward to catch a prey. So there is very little time left for copulation,\" quipped the official on conditions of anonymity.The officer suggested that the only way to resolve the crisis is to import tigers from other tiger reserves in the country as it has been done in Kanha and Ranthambore where tigers were dispatched from other tiger reserves to set right the gender imbalance there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15118217", "title": "Kumki team meets Kamal Haasan", "text": "While there were reports earlier that both Rajinikanth and Kamal Haasan will be the chief guests for the audio launch of Prabu Solomon's Kumki, which marks the debut of the legendary Sivaji Ganesan's grandson Vikram Prabhu, it has now officially been confirmed that it will only be the Ulaganayagan who will attend the event in person. The Superstar, meanwhile, will be sending out a video clip wishing the team good luck.Yesterday, director Prabu Solomon, Lingusamy, whose production house is producing the film, and actor Prabhu (who is Vikram Prabhu's dad) met the actor at his office to personally invite him for the audio launch. The actor, we hear, enquired a lot about how the film had come out and wished Solomon well. It should be recalled that it was Kamal who created the initial hype for the director's previous film Mynaa , when he remarked during that film's audio launch that after watching the film, he was assured that Tamil cinema was in good hands.Kumki pairs Vikram Prabhu with Lakshmi Menon , yet another import from Kerala. The film is about the relationship between a mahout and his elephant and deals with the topical issue of wild elephants creating havoc in populated areas. The film has music by D Imman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15118481", "title": "Ashton Kutcher and Mila Kunis kiss publicly", "text": "It seems that Ashton Kutcher and Mila Kunis are ready to take their romance to the next level.The new couple were spotted openly kissing and cuddling on Saturday as Kunis joined the actor at the wrap party for his Steve Jobs biopic.Despite being surrounded by a host of other stars at the Hollywood venue, it looked like Demi Moore's estranged husband and Kunis only had eyes for each other.The pair were seen sharing a kiss and put on a tactile show, with the 28-year-old caressing Kutcher's face and putting her arm around him, the Daily Mail reported.They are yet to confirm their relationship status, but it seems that the Hollywood couple don't care much about it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15114516", "title": "Dhathri Ayurveda Pvt Ltd targets revenues of Rs 200 cr", "text": "KOCHI: Dhathri Ayurveda Pvt Ltd, a Kochi-based manufacturer of Ayurvedic medicines, targets a turnover of Rs 200 crore this fiscal, said Dr S Sajikumar, chief physician and managing director of the company.Revenues of the company's Fast Moving Consumer Goods (FMCG) division, started in fiscal 2005, grew from Rs 10.38 crore to Rs 80.73 crore in the financial year 2012. This diviproduces health, skin and personal care products. The company's services division generated a turnover of Rs 14.5 crore last financial year. ABS clinics and hospitals are working under this division.Dhathri said it has 21 classical and patent products and the company plans to increase the classical and patent products to 100 by this year. The company has signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with Care Kerala for this.Dhathri will open 100 Ayurvedic specialty clinics and branded retail outlets, on franchisee model, across the country as the part of its expansion plan.The company will also set up an extraction unit with an investment of Rs 6 crore for its internal use and sales. The group has also plans to set up a Rs 15 crore nutraceutical plant at Nellad within two years, considering the growing demand for nutraceuticals which reduces the gap between food and medicine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15114861", "title": "Our teachers need a good education", "text": "By Dileep RanjekarAmid political uncertainty in Karnataka, the education department has seen relative stability. The Right to Education Act, which is supposed to add strength to education, has come as a catalyst. Another positive development is the establishment of bodies like the Karnataka State Knowledge Commission and the Vision Group in Science and Technology, with mandates to contribute to quality education. For the new chief minister, it would be wise to continue with these initiatives. Here's what he could do to up the bar.1 The Right to Education (RTE) Act has to be seen as an enabling legislation. It infuses some basic conditions such as the right infrastructure, the right teacher-pupil ratio in all schools (including government schools) in the state. We must remember that the RTE is not all about the 25% reservation in private schools but about several other critical factors, which, if implemented right, will lay a basic foundation for quality education.2 Teachers make the highest impact on quality in the classroom. They are at the heart of education but the status of overall teacher education in India is pathetic, to put it mildly. Karnataka has made a beginning to address the issue of both pre-service and in-service teacher education and is developing a framework for their education. The state has about 300 teacher education colleges, with the capacity of graduating 30,000 teachers each year. A majority of these colleges are also resorting to malpractices - allowing students to register for the programme at a fee and collecting certificates at the end of the year without attending classes. An independent quality assessment of such institutions is needed to close down the bogus ones.3 We need high quality teacher educators. The vicious cycle of poor quality in-service teacher development begins with the absence of high quality teacher educators. If the existing capacity of over 3 lakh teachers has to be enhanced, the state must develop at least 500 high quality teacher educators, who would effectively shoulder this responsibility.4 A school principal can make or break a school. Today, there is no prerequisite for a teacher being promoted as head teacher, nor is any special input given to build the capacity of the head teacher. The education department has already launched the school leadership development programme. The government must ensure that all 50,000 school leaders in the state are covered by an intensive programme of development.5 Education functionaries need to be well equipped. The state has around 7,500 functionaries who are responsible for supporting the schools from outside - ensuring quality infrastructure, maintaining the right teacher-pupil ratio and facilitating a smooth flow of incentives, textbooks, midday meals etc. The government must ensure that the already-launched management development programme covers all education functionaries, enabling them to have the necessary education perspective, competencies in their respective roles and the social orientation to deal with children emerging from diverse socio-economic backgrounds.Dileep Ranjekar is CEO, Azim Premji Foundation", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15114301", "title": "Power puff generation likes it the bong way", "text": "KOLKATA: Hookah bars in and around Kolkata do steady business noon to night on weekday and weekend alike, a testimony to the allure of a 500-year-old habit repackaged to suit the tastes of a city that's never shy of a trip.With its exotic ancestry and the charm of its deep, sonorous puff, the hookah offers the middle path between addiction and fling and is upmarket as well as pocket-friendly. Most bars - with their Arab lounge-like ambience, reclining couches and soothing music - also double up as restaurants and often host birthday parties and farewell treats. College students and young professionals are the most frequent visitors. Hookah bars are also a favourite with girl gangs.Preeti Dey, a 16-year-old who studies in class XII, is a regular at hookah bars. \"They are great hangout spots. Neither me nor my friends know of any ban. For us, hookah bars are a good option for celebrations,\" she says, adding they are cheaper than an average Park Street restaurant.The average cost of smoking a hookah at a bar is Rs 200-Rs 300 for half an hour. Ritesh Singh, a 25-year-old B-school student, says he spent Rs 1,500 installing a hookah at home. \"But at bars, one can smoke for Rs 200-Rs 300 for a half-hour session while some might charge Rs 300-Rs 350 for a hookah that you can finish at your leisure. They use molasses to give flavour to the hookah before it gets filtered by the water bath. People get hooked because they feel its safer than smoking a cigarette,\" he says. Though he is aware that the hookah habit can cause migraine and other worse health problems, he just can't kick the habit.Rohan Gupta, a 26-year-old businessman, says he loves to experiment with new hookah flavours. \"We can sit for hours and chat our evenings away over the hookah,\" he says. Gupta admits the police move to shut down hookah bars in the city has him worried. Another hookah bar regular said police should crack down on illegal drugs in the city that are a much bigger health threat than the hookah.Rathin Chatterjee, a 25-year-old student at a prestigious film school in the city, believes it is peer pressure and a \"sense of coolness\" that drives youths towards hookah parlours. \"They are very famous with the school and college crowds, who are not aware of the laws,\" he says.There are hookah bars in Behala, Gariahat and Bhowanipore that cater specifically to the \"pocket money\" generation. \"I find it cooler to smoke hookah because it is safer than cigarettes. It is available so easily nowadays, we don't have to shell out a fortune for hookahs anymore. Moreover, I don't reek of smoke when I go home. One of my friends recently bought a hookah for himself and we often hang around at his place for some free fun,\" says Subhajoy Sanyal, a student of class XI at a reputable city school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15115562", "title": "Short spell of rain brings big trouble", "text": "LUDHIANA: A brief spell of rain on Monday morning left many areas, including BRS Nagar, Dugri and Model Town, submerged. With one to two feet water on various roads of the city, commuters and pedestrians had to literally crawl to reach their destinations.The rain, which started around 10am and lasted anything between one and two hours, caused huge inconvenience to office-goers and college students. The drainage system across the city failed miserably as water entered houses in low-lying areas, forcing residents to carry buckets full of water out of their houses. \"There is no proper drainage system for rain water in Ludhiana. Heavy showers for only 30-40 minutes can easily inundate most parts of BRS Nagar. It was a horrible day for me as my scooter broke down while I was on my way to office,\" said Jatinder Kohli, a resident of BRS Nagar. Mahesh Kumar, a resident of Model Town, said, \"Floods on Ludhiana streets are nothing new. This is an old story, which repeats itself every year. MC officials never bother to take remedial steps. Last year also we faced big trouble during monsoon. Today, we had a brief spell of rain and clearly the situation went completely out of control.\"Serpentine queues of vehicles were the order of the day and dozens of motorists took shelter under trees to save themselves from the rains. A senior MC official said, \"Many areas in Ludhiana are low-lying and it takes some time for the water to drain. We did prepare for the monsoon season and drainage pipes were also replaced in different parts of Ludhiana.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15114607", "title": "Eight held for stripping of woman, CM orders probe", "text": "JAIPUR: A day after a married woman and her paramour were tied to a tree, stripped and severely beaten for nearly three hours before a crowd of 1,000 people under orders of a caste panchayat at Sarada area in Udaipur district, the police arrested eight men including the woman's husband on Monday. The two were 'punished' for having an illicit affair by the panchayat, said police.Chief minister Ashok Gehlot directed Udaipur divisional commissioner to probe the matter and prepare a report in a week.SP, Udaipur Hari Prasad Sharma told TOI that the woman's husband Hamji Meena had stripped her half naked in front of villagers. \"The woman had registered an FIR against 12 identified and several others unidentified people with the Sarada police station on Sunday evening. Of them eight have been arrested while the search is on for others,\" Sharma said.The officer said, \"The eight men including Hamji, a former sarpanch Nandlal and five others were booked under Sections 147 (rioting), 149 (unlawful assembly), 365 (kidnapping), 323 (causing hurt), 342 (wrongful confinement), 354 (assaulting a woman to outrage her modesty) and 504 (breach of peace). A separate FIR has been lodged for attacking policemen who had gone there to rescue the couple.\"Police said 27-year-old Prakash Meena was having an affair with the 22-year-old woman living in the neighbourhood Limbat Falan near Kolan village in the area. Prakash and the woman had fled the village a fortnight ago. The villagers were looking for the couple and they found them near Keshiriyaji area in Udaipur.The villagers brought them back and kept them confined throughout the night. \"A panchayat was called on Sunday morning in which the woman's husband and her in-laws were present. They demanded action against the two,\" the officer said.The villagers and half-a-dozen panchayat leaders gathered around 9.30 am. Soon, Prakash and the woman were tied to a tree.Her husband stripped her and the youth in front of the crowd, and then cut their hair. The police came to know about the incident around 11.30 am and a team was rushed.\"When the cops reached the spot, the villagers surrounded them and started hurling stones. Some vehicles were damaged and two policemen sustained minor injuries,\" he added.The cops managed to untie the couple from the tree but could not take them out of the area. Later, they were taken to a government school around 4 pm and then to the police station.Chief minister Gehlot called the incident unfortunate. \"No one has the right to take the law into their hands. The divisional commissioner has been asked to carry out a thorough enquiry into the incident,\" said Gehlot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15115815", "title": "Enhanced payment for expressway land for land sought", "text": "VADODARA: The land acquisition process for the Mumbai Expressway is embroiled in a controversy after a notification regarding the acquisition was made last week. Farmers in Vadodara district have raised the demand for a better compensation package under various provisions instead of an acquisition under the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) Act.Farmers in the district and nearby areas who are slated to lose land to the expressway project have cited various other provisions under the Land Acquisition Act, the Railways Amendment Act of 2008 and the National Rehabilitation and Resettlement Policy where they can get better compensation packages. The farmers have announced an agitation over their demands too.Hasmukh Bhatt of the outfit Ekta Gramin Praja Vichar Manch that has raised the issues of land acquisitions both regarding the Dedicated Freight Corridor (DFC) of the railways as well as the expressway said that the NHAI Act did not provide for any solacium for the farmers. \"They are liable for the solacium as they lose livelihood besides land,\" he said.The organisation has also raised the demand that provisions for interest and an escalation in compensation should also be included to take care of any delay between the acquisition and actual payment of compensation. \"At times, the land is valuated and acquired, but the actual compensation is disbursed later. For the intervening period, a rise in prices of land and payment of interest on the compensation amount should be calculated while disbursing the money,\" Bhatt said.Farmers of 29 villages will be affected by the land acquisition in Vadodara district. A major issue that the present mode of acquisition, activists said, was that the farmers could not file suits in the court and arbitration will be the only option. Bhatt said that the expressway project should also be considered as a business venture and not only a public utility. \"They will charge tolls and earn revenue. So, it would be wrong to acquire land considering it only a public utility,\" he added.The farmers have also raised the issue that the land for the Ahmedabad-Vadodara Expressway was acquired under the Land Acquisition Act, but for another similar project the NHAI Act was being used. The farmers will conduct a rally on August 6 and submit a memorandum to the district collector over the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "palanpur", "code": "15115318", "title": "Dipda Darwaza key witness 'threatened'", "text": "PALANPUR: A key witness in Dipda Darwaza massacre Mohamad Hanif Baloch has alleged that an unknown person over phone threatened to kill him.Baloch filed a complaint with Visnagar police station on Monday alleging that the person called himself a Bajrang Dal member and threatened to kill him before the pronouncement of judgment on July 30.\"We also personally called on Mehsana superintendent of police J R Mothalia and told him about the threatening calls. We have also forwarded a copy of the complaint to Special Investigating Team chief,\" Baloch said. Eleven persons were killed in Dipda Darwaza area of Visnagar during the post-Godhra communal riots in 2002 on March 1. In all, 84 persons, including a former BJP MLA, have been named as accused in the case. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15114622", "title": "State gets one step closer to takeover of Comtrust", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The state government move to takeover the Comtrust Weaving Factory received a shot in the arm on Monday when the bill was referred to the subject committee in assembly. The development has brought cheers to the 109 employees of the factory who have been staging protest since 2009 seeking government takeover. The bill is likely to be tabled in this assembly session itself.A Pradeep Kumar, MLA, said industries minister P K Kunhalikutty presented the move to takeover the factory before the assembly, which unanimously referred it to the subject committee.\"I was told to include the two survey numbers of the land which were missed in the earlier ordinance issued by the LDF government. The bill is about retaining the existing building of the Comtrust as heritage structure and setting up an advanced weaving mill to provide employment to the workers of the factory,'' the MLA said.E C Satheesan, general convener of the Comtrust Action Committee said the move has given new hopes to the employees who have been protesting for the last three years.The Comtrust Weaving Factory was established by the Basel Mission 178 years ago and was closed down in February 2009 citing huge financial loss.Though the LDF government during its tenure had issued an ordinance to takeover the factory, it failed to present the bill during its tenure. A total of 284 employees were working at the factory at the time of its closure. Now only 109 employees are there in the strike. Though rest of them applied for voluntary retirement scheme they have not received any compensation so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15117529", "title": "Sufi rock band, Wagah Road at Virgose, The HHI", "text": "Sufi rock band, Wagah Road, washed away the week's fatigue at Virgose, The HHI on Friday when they played one hit Bolly sufi song after another.They mesmerized the select audience with soulful renditions of songs such as \"Mitwa\", \"Kun Faya Kun\", \"Bulla ki jana\", \"Lambi judai\" and \"Maula maula\". Safar Sufiana did not see any grooving partygoers, instead there were revellers soaking in the music.We spotted Manish and his gang having a gala time, bonding over music and munchies. \"We came with our friends as we are all sufi fans. We enjoyed the music and the ambience,\" said Manish. Siddharth Pathak, the lead vocalist of the five-member band said, \"The crowd was lively and understood what we were doing out there. That is important for us musicians.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15117568", "title": "Free eye camp for girls", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Devoting an ode to social service, an eye check up camp was held at the Chandigarh branch of Mahabodhi International Meditation Centre (MIMC, Ladakh). A total of 37 girls residing at the Mahabodhi Girls Hostel along with many guests and volunteers took part in the camp. Free eye drops were also distributed to the girls.The camp started with the ritual of Buddhist prayers by students and musical offerings by renowned singer Madan Shonky. The idea of the camp was to provide check up along with entertainment.A member of American Academy of Ophthalmology and director of Chandigarh Cornea Centre, Dr Ashok Sharma said, \"\" We are also planning to hold such a camp at Leh also. In today's fast moving world people especially students are glued to computers for longer hours without blinking, which cases dryness and irritation in the eyes. Correct posture while reading is also a must for healthy eyes.\"Such eye camps help in examining routine eye problems which can be timely managed. \"there are remote and far flung off areas like leh where not much medical aid is available. Holding these camps on routine can help in preventing any eye disease,\"said Dr Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15114903", "title": "Karnataka High Court: People restless at Lokayukta void", "text": "BANGALORE: Observing that the people of Karnataka are \"restless\" over the non-appointment of a Lokayukta for the past ten months, the Karnataka High Court on Monday said the government should have at least suggested a person to head the watchdog.The HC adjourned by two days hearing on a petition seeking early appointment of a Lokayukta after the advocate general promised to get back with the government's stance.\"You have not started the process at all; it is a violation. The government is of the people; courts are servants of the people. You are giving assurances, but not appointing anyone,\" a division bench headed by chief justice Vikramajit Sen observed when advocate general S Vijaya Shankar said the government would initiate the process on August 7.The advocate general said the Supreme Court is scheduled to take up on August 6 the state government's special leave petition challenging a division bench order quashing the appointment of Justice Chandrashekariah as Upa Lokayukta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15115264", "title": "Zilla Parishad, Pune Municipal Corporation told to submit reports on erring schools", "text": "PUNE: Schools that have not formed bus transport committees so far have very little time left since the regional transport office (RTO) has asked the Pune Municipal Corporation and the Zilla Parishad (ZP) to submit their reports till July 31 on the number of schools that have complied with the state government orders.The municipal school board and the education board of ZP need to submit the report and give details of the action taken against schools that have failed to do so. Forming the committee is mandatory under the Maharashtra Motor Vehicles (School Bus Regulation) Act, 2011. The law came into force in June last year.At a meeting chaired by regional transport officer (RTO) Arun Yeola recently, it was decided that the education boards must conduct meetings of school principals to explain to them the functions and importance of such committees. Workshops conducted for school principals will be attended by the deputy commissioner of police (traffic) and the RTO among others. \"Further, it was decided that education boards must take disciplinary action against schools that still fail to comply,\" Yeola said.The RTO is the nodal authority to monitor setting up of these committees. Each committee, to be headed by the school principal, will have a parents' representative, local traffic and education inspector, bus operator and a member of the local civic body.D L Sonawane, a representative of the regional directorate of education, said, \"Till mid-week of June, only 280 schools in the district have informed us. The number is very small as compared to the number of schools in the district.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15115213", "title": "Rain brightens crops prospects", "text": "PATNA: Harvest prospects have improved significantly in Bihar with good rain in July after being below normal in May and June. The rainfall has improved water content in soil, providing relief to stressed crops and improving crop prospects in most of the districts of the state.In areas affected by dry conditions earlier, crops' yield will be slightly reduced and late sowing or replanting will need rain late in the season to cover their entire growth cycle. \"However, crop prospects are now definitely favourable. Increased precipitation in July has benefited crops and pastures but good rain needs to continue through August also to allow them to reach full maturity,\" said an agriculture scientist of Rajendra Agriculture University (RAU), Pusa, Samastipur.\"Paddy cultivation and maize sowing has greatly improved in Bihar following rainfall during the last 10 days. These two are our major kharif crops, but the rain has benefited other crops also,\" said deputy director, agriculture (information), Abhanshu C Jain here on Monday.Majority of the districts in Bihar have successfully sowed paddy seedlings and done paddy transplantation. While Patna and Gaya districts have recorded 84% and 85% plantation of paddy seedlings till date, districts like Rohtas, Buxar, Kaimur, Saran, Siwan, Sheohar, Vaishali etc have done 100% seedlings plantation. Even in maize, Patna and Bhojpur recorded 65% and 62% sowing, respectively.In districts like East Champaran, Muzaffarpur, Sheikhpura, Lakhisarai, Samastipur etc, harvest prospects improved significantly after the scanty rain of June. Satellite imagery indicates that good rain will continue to fall over most of the state in the rest of July.Even the cultivation of oilseeds and pulses is expected to improve. Experts believe if the trend of good rainfall continues in August, farm prospects would further brighten up.Meanwhile, the Met department predicts normal rainfall in the state even in this week. While Bihar now has only 20% deficient rainfall, the deficiency in Patna district is only 4%. \"From 66%, the deficient index has come down to 4% in Patna in July. The district, till date, has recorded 330.9mm rainfall, against the average rainfall of 344mm,\" said Patna Met director DC Gupta.Other districts like Kishanganj, East Champaran, Araria, Arwal, West Champaran, Purnia, Gaya, all have received good rainfall brightening the crop prospects, added the Met director. Kishanganj has received 946mm rainfall against the normal rainfall of 805.5mm, East Champaran till date recorded 472mm rainfall against a normal of 412.6mm, and West Champaran recorded 707.7mm rainfall (525mm). However, Purnia, till date, has received only 308.3mm rain against the average rainfall of 537mm and Saharsa has recorded the lowest rainfall of 34.8mm against the normal rainfall of 478mm.The Met department here has predicted the state will receive more rainfall in the coming week. After the next 48 hours, there is a possibility of formation of an upper air cyclonic circulation, which will increase rainfall activity in the state.\"Rain during July is always crucial, but this year's bountiful rain in the first fortnight of July proved very important,\" said Ranjit Saha, an expert in agricultural meteorology at RAU.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15113511", "title": "67,000 got admission under RTE in first year, says Maharashtra government", "text": "MUMBAI: Amid questions being raised over implementation of provisions of the Right to Education (RTE) Act in the state, the government on Monday said that over 67,000 students from weaker sections and disadvantaged groups had secured admissions in its first year of implementation.But activists refused to believe the figure. \"It is bogus. Three weeks ago, the government announced that only 100 students in Mumbai and 947 students across the state had sought admission under the reservation quota. Last week, they said the figure had jumped to 47,000. Now, they say it is 67,000. This is impossible,\" said Jayant Jain, president, Forum for Fairness in Education (FFE).He added that in case schools have submitted such big numbers to the government, the authorities should have checked them. \"Schools may have submitted false reports and the government must be very sure before making such tall claims,\" added Jain.Ruling and opposition members raised questions over implementation of the provision. Shashikant Shinde (NCP) had initiated the discussion, highlighting \"lack of effective implementation\". Fauzia Khan, minister of state, school education, informed the house that 67,306 students from weaker sections and disadvantaged groups had secured admissions in neighbourhood schools across the state. Khan was forced to commit that the \"government would evolve an effective mechanism to implement the 25% norms for admissions next year\" with legislators unsatisfied with her initial response.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15113029", "title": "23 more beds for hospital\u2019s neonatal unit", "text": "NASHIK: The Civic Hospital's Neo-natal Intensive Care Unit (NICU), which has only 17 beds to take care of its neonates, will now get 23 more beds under the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM).Since the scheme has been sponsored by the central government, additional staff will be hired on a contractual basis only, hospital officials said. \"Civil Hospital caters to demands of nearly the entire district because of which the number of existing beds fails to meet demand. The NRHM has therefore sanctioned an additional 23 neonatal beds,\" resident medical officer Dr G I Phadnis said.The hospital has an average occupancy of 25 neonates per day. On July 21 there were 38 neonates accomodated in 17 warmers.Plans are on the anvil for expansion of the NICU using space from the unit's adjoining rooms. The project is likely to cost Rs 40 lakh, funds for which have been provided by NRHM.\"Since the expansion scheme is valid only till 2017, additional manpower in the form of medical attendants and will be recruited on a temporary basis only, unless the state government decides to resume the scheme after its offical termination date,\" a hospital official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15114609", "title": "HC asks court to consider Digvijay plea in defamation case", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan High Court on Monday directed a local court in Kota to consider the objections of Congress general secretary Digvijay Singh before proceeding further in a case filed against him alleging defamation of Baba Ramdev.The order came on a petition filed by Digvijay Singh.One Neta Khandelwal, an activist of Patanjali Sansthan, filed a complaint before a magistrate in Kota that while watching TV, he saw Digvijay Singh claiming that Ramdev to be an RSS man and that he was befooling public by making fake medicines and exercises. The magistrate, however, refused to take cognizance on the ground that the complainant was not the aggrieved party who was defamed. Later, in an appeal, additional district judge No. 4 Kota issued notices to Sonia Gandhi , Rahul Gandhi and Digvijay Singh.It was contended by Digvijay Singh that since the complainant was not Baba Ramdev, as such he was not a competent party to file such a complaint for defamation of any other person. Taking note of it, Justice Mahesh Chandra Sharma directed the ADJ court to consider the objection raised by Digvijay Singh first before proceeding further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15114253", "title": "Bareilly clash claims youth's life", "text": "LUCKNOW: Curfew was clamped in on Monday after Sunday night rioting between local residents and Kanwariyas in which a 22-year-old local youth was killed and dozen others injured. Additional director general law and order Jagmohan Yadav, who rushed to Bareilly late on Sunday night itself, described the situation as 'peaceful, but tense'.All educational institutions and private firms were asked to remain shut until further orders. Extensive patrolling by police and Provincial Armed Constabulary was conducted throughout the day particularly in the violence-hit pockets of the communally hyper-sensitive district on Monday.Trouble began when a group of Kanwariyas from Brahmapura were returning from Kachchla with Ganga Jal (water of river Ganga) in earthen pots. Playing devotional music on an amplifier system installed on one of the hand-pulled carts, the group had reached the Shahabad locality, when some locals objected to the devotional music being played on the sound system on grounds that Ramzan prayers were being offered at a nearby place.The two sides were still talking it out when some mischief mongers allegedly smashed some of the earthen pots containing Ganga Jal leaving the Kanwariyas' infuriated leading to exchange of blows. This led to heavy brick-batting, which continued till police reached the site with PAC back-up and chased the mischief mongers.The police had barely brought the situation under control in Shahabad area, when another group of Kanwariya's passing through the adjoining Math Chowki and Ahmed Bagh Ali Ka Talab localities were intercepted by members of a particular community resulting in heavy brick-batting and arson. Even before the police could take charge of the situation, reports of sporadic incidents of violence began to pour in from almost the entire district in quick succession. By around midnight, a 22-year-old local was shot dead and three PAC jawans injured in violence.Police then resorted to firing in air to disperse the mischief mongers but not before a series of shanties and shops in half a dozen localities were torched including Shahmatganj Sabzi Mandi and Azad Inter College localities. At least a dozen police vehicles were also damaged in the heavy brick-batting that kept the entire police and PAC contingent in the city on its toes.ADG Law and Order Jagmohan Yadav, who is camping in Bareilly to personally supervise the security arrangements, said that the situation has been brought under control in the morning. \"We will restore normalcy first before going ahead with police action against those involved in the arson. We are trying to identify the mischief mongers and not one of them will be spared. We have chalked out separate routes for kanwariyas passing from Bareilly and a heavy security blanket has been thrown all through the route to contain any attempts of threatening the peace and tranquillity of the area. Divisional Commissioner K Ram Mohan Rao said curfew will remain in place till further orders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15114791", "title": "Rash driver knocks down Gandhi bust at Erode", "text": "COIMBATORE: Tension prevailed in Erode after a bust of Mahatma Gandhi installed in the park was knocked down by a private vehicle late Monday evening. Local Congress members are staging a protest outside the park demanding action against the individuals responsible for the incident. Senior police officials have been notified about the incident and are probing the incident.According to the police, a private vehicle entered through the main entrance of the park at around 9pm on Monday night. But it could not exit the park through the other entrance since it is not kept open for vehicles to pass through. According to a devotee at a temple near the park, the vehicle was flying the flag of a particular political party and the driver rammed the pedestal of the Gandhi bust when he tried to reverse the vehicle. The bust toppled in the impact and broke into two.Erode North police, who were notified about the incident, arrived at the spot and transferred the remains of the statue to a nearby government building. Meanwhile, local Congress party members arrived at the spot and staged a protest demanding stern action against the people responsible for the incident.The bust is one of the oldest structures installed in the western region in honour of the Mahatma. A case has been registered and a probe is on, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15117339", "title": "Three Maharashtra cops selected for national level police shooting competition", "text": "MUMBAI: Three policemen from Mumbai city got selected for the all India level police shooting competition that will be held in Cuttack in October this year. Inspector Anil Sardal attached with the Sewri police and two constables- Udhay Jadhav from SPU and Samita Patil from local arms division, were selected after winning the Maharashtra police shooting competition that was held at Daund near Pune from July 10 to 15.Inspector Sardal is the only officer to represent Mumbai police at the Cuttack competition. The officer was selected after he won bronze medal during the state level competition while the two constables won silver. They were selected among the 62 participants. \"I am totally focussed to participate in the competition and bring the medal home. The competition will be held on October 3 where police officials of different states will participate,\" said inspector Sardal.The championship which is being organized under the aegis of the All India Police Sports Control Board will be attended by about 30 teams of various central and State-level police organizations. Prominent teams which will be taking part in the championship include the Border Security Force, CRPF, CISF, ITBP, Maharashtra Police, Punjab Police and Uttarakhand Police among others. Arms to be used in the shooting championship include - air rifle, air pistol, .22 rifle and pistol, .32 pistol and all bore rifles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15113334", "title": "Rains bring hope as lake levels rise", "text": "MUMBAI: Every drop that gets added to the Bhatsa and Upper Vaitarna lakes is a reason for cheer for the BMC.\"Bhatsa, which supplies almost 60% of the city's water requirement, has a supply for 181 days (as of July 23) instead of 135 days from the first week of July. The same is the case with Upper Vaitarna, which has a supply for 116 days instead of 44. These are encouraging signs,\" said additional municipal commissioner Rajiv Jalota.He said that on a single day last week, the catchments of the lakes got 90 mm rain. \"If the intensity remains so for four days at a stretch, our water requirement will be well taken care of.\"After a day of good rains in the catchment areas of the five lakes that supply to Mumbai, their water stock rose from 216,915 million litres on July 17 to 231,670 million litres on July 18. As of Monday (July 23), the useful content of Modak Sagar, Tansa, Vihar, Tulsi, Bhatsa and Upper Vaitarna was 347,198 million litres.Jalota said 60% of rainfall during the monsoon occurs in the last week of July and the whole of August, which are crucial months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15115028", "title": "APMC aims to make farm-to-fork a reality", "text": "SURAT: Soon, residents in the diamond city will have an opportunity to shop for cheap-priced vegetables, fruits and flowers directly plucked from the farmlands of south Gujarat and neighboring states. This, thanks to India's first state-of-the-art agro mall at Sahara Darwaja set up by Agriculture Produce Market Committee (APMC).Official sources said the APMC management is awaiting the consent of Chief Minister Narendra Modi for throwing it open to the people of the diamond city and neighbouring areas.The Rs 350 crore state-of-the-art wholesale market on the sprawling 17,000 square yard land is equipped with all amenities like separate display racks for vegetables, fruits, flowers, cereals and pulses, general shopping mall for grocery, clothes, jewellery, shoe etc.A brainchild of 65-year-old APMC chairman Ramanbhai Jani, the wholesale market will be a one-stop shop for city residents. They will be able to shop anything and everything under one roof at discounted prices.Each of the green vegetables and fruits displayed in racks inside the mall will provide vital information on health benefits and other advantages.Facilities like testing and certification laboratory, central electronic auction system, online spot commodity trading platform, ripening chamber and cold storage, agriculture training centre for farmers, banking facilities, mechanised material handling system etc. will be set up inside the market.In the second phase of the market project, the APMC plans to develop facilities like setting up a five-star hotel for foreign traders and visitors, rest rooms for farmers, commercial office space for dealers, collection centre for farmers in the villages and towns in south Gujarat, facilities like grading cleaning, packaging and weighing, banking facility, information kiosks, agri-clinic and extension services, total banking support etc.\"I have been to many countries like Germany, France, Paris, London and US to gather information on the concept of modern vegetable market before zeroing on the concept of modern wholesale market,\" Jani said.\"The agro mall is ready and we are waiting for Modi to inaugurate it,\" he added.Jani said the dream of every farmer to sell his commodities without the interference of middlemen will come true in this market. Moreover, the market would benefit the end consumer who would be satisfied not only with the quality of the commodities, but also on the price front.\"The agro mall has been conceived with the aim to provide quality vegetables, fruits and other stuff at cheap rates. Today, the end consumers are paying 100 per cent more on the purchase of vegetables and fruits from the retail shops. At the wholesale market, the same products will be available at much cheaper prices,\" Jani added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "15115076", "title": "Manipuri diaspora to meet NE Olympians", "text": "IMPHAL: The European Manipuri Association (EMA) will meet all 10 Olympians of the northeast to extend its best wishes in London on Thursday, a day before the biggest sporting event of the world starts.Of the total athletes of the region, five are from Manipur. They include MC Mary Kom (Boxing), L Bombayla (Archery), Ng Soniya (Weightlifting), Kh Kothajit (Hockey) and L Debendra (Boxing). The other players are Chekrovolu Swuro (Archery) from Nagaland, Shiva Thapa (Boxing) from Assam, Somdev Devvarman (Tennis) from Tripura, Tarundeep Rai (Archery) from Sikkim and Jayanta Talukdar (Archery) from Assam.\"It is indeed a proud moment for all of us, especially for the North East India diaspora here in the UK. We believe that irrespective of the results, the 10 Olympians representing NE is a great achievement for us,\" an EMA statement said. In order to encourage them, the EMA is planning to present them greeting cards with wishes and encouraging words from the well wishers in UK, the statement added.An online Facebook campaign has also been started for collecting best wishes from the well-wishers around the globe, which EMA aims to print and present to the Olympians on Thursday.On the other hand, sports lovers in Manipur prayed for the victory of all the five state athletes. A massive prayer service for Mary Kom would be held in the morning of August 5. \"Leaders of Kom Rem Baptist Churches' Association (KRBCA), the apex church body of the Komrem tribes, have informed about holding a massive prayer session for Mary Kom and other state athletes on Sunday across the state,\" Mary's husband Onlear Kom said.He added, \"I and my mother-in-law M Akham Kom (Mary's mother) will miss the prayer service as we will be in London to witness Mary's fight. Nevertheless, we will pray in London.\"The Manipur Olympic Association (MOA) has exuded confidence that the state athletes would bring laurels for the country. \"This time, we are expecting laurels from them as their standards have improved considerably, \"quipped Laishram Manglem, secretary of MOA. Incidentally, archer Bombayla is her daughter. The state cabinet had resolved to pay Rs 1 lakh each as financial assistance to the five athletes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15114280", "title": "SC allows minor maintenance of Mullaperiyar dam under TN-Kerala joint supervision", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday permitted minor maintenance work of Mullaperiyar dam under the joint supervision of technical experts of Tamil Nadu, Kerala and Central Water Commission.The Tamil Nadu government had sought five interim reliefs from the apex court, but a bench of Justices D K Jain, R M Lodha, Deepak Verma, C K Prasad and A R Dave granted three, mainly relating to cleaning of drainage galleries and stilling basin given the strong objection by the Kerala government.The work permitted to be conducted by the court includes cleaning of the stilling basin to fill up the eroded pockets with epoxy concrete, reaming the drainage holes in the drainage galleries and all routine maintenance work.But given the hostility between the two states over the sensitive issue, the bench ordered that the work would be carried out under the supervision of superintending engineers nominated by the two state governments along with a technical expert to be chosen by the chairman of Central Water Commission.The court also asked the Union water resources ministry to supply copies of the report by the empowered committee headed by former CJI A S Anand to all parties and fixed the matter for further direction on August 31.Such is the sensitivity involved in the issue that TN's counsel Vinod Bobde sought a change in the order of the apex court from \"Kerala should permit\" to \"Kerala should not obstruct\" routine maintenance work of the dam.Kerala's counsel Harish Salve, before disagreeing with two reliefs sought by TN in its interim application, said the state must not precipitate matters by attempting to waive a red rag in a sensitive matter.The Justice Anand headed empowered committee had said that the 116-year-old Mullaperiyar dam \"is structurally and seismically safe for raising the water level from 135 feet to 142 feet after carrying out certain repairs\".The report will be part of the elaborate hearing that is expected to commence from September and likely to end by November.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15114915", "title": "Reel therapy to deal with real stress", "text": "HUBLI: Bunking classes to watch movies may just become redundant in this college. P C Jabin College has hit upon a novel of idea of screening movies to help students de-stress. With the right kind of movies, the college hopes the movies will even motivate and educate students.The stage has been set and the movies will be screened at the seminar hall every Saturday from 3 pm to 6 pm, college authorities said. A projector has been installed at the seminar hall and seating arrangements have been made for 90 students. Elaborating on the idea behind the initiative, principal V Hiremath told TOI: \"We hope that screening motivational movies in college every week will bring about a change in the routine academic activities, inculcate confidence among students and motivate them.\"He went on to add that students these days are much confused about higher education, goals and ambitions, and hoped that motivational movies would bring in some clarity and help them to overcome confusions.The movies that have made it to the screening list are Lagaan, 3idiots and Chak de India, Hiremath said.What do the students have to say about this? \"We are excited,\" they say unanimously.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15115767", "title": "CID to probe marks for cash scam", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The CID (crime) will investigate the marks for cash scam, where data entry operators had illegally inflated the marks of students who had appeared for the standard XII exams.TOI had first exposed the scam showing how the private agency, hired by the Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board ( GSHSEB), has inflated the marks for money.Board chairman RR Varsani told TOI that a complaint was lodged against Nilpa Management and Computer Services Pvt Ltd on Sunday. \"We have reissued mark sheets of 139 students of science stream and 81 students of general stream. Merits of students have been revised accordingly,\" he said.The chairman added that the complaint was filed with CID after Pravin Shah, proprietor of the firm, confessed to unauthorized changes in the mark sheets. The agency has been barred from taking part in future bids by the board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15114473", "title": "Dara Singh encounter case: SC summons CBI joint director", "text": "JAIPUR: The Supreme Court on Monday refused to stop its monitoring of Dara Singh encounter case and called the joint director of CBI to appear in person before the court and explain the reasons for its failure in nabbing the four absconding police officers who were allegedly involved in the fake encounter.The matter came before a division bench following an application filed by Sushila Devi, wife of Dara Singh. \"The other side wanted the court to stop its monitoring of the case. While refusing the same, the division bench asked the CBI joint director to appear in person and explain the failure of the agency,\" said S K Sinha, counsel for Sushila Devi.In fact, the bench of Justices S S Nijjhar and H S Gokhale came down heavily on the mode of investigation adopted by CBI. \"We fail to understand as to how the CBI has not been able to arrest one Vijay Choudhary and three others but all the rest have been arrested and placed behind bars. We are not satisfied with the action of CBI and let the joint director appear in person on Friday to explain the reason or hurdles in arresting the others,\" the bench said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15114266", "title": "Hookah barred?", "text": "The sonorous gurgle of the hookah, music to the ears of tobacco addicts and indeed the occasional smoker ever keen for that exotic experience, may soon fall silent in the city.The hookah habit, which the city has nurtured over the years despite its apparent conflict with 'bhadralok' sensibilities, has always been a health concern. The Kolkata Police now wants to deal with the threat decisively and is exploring legal options to crack down on the handful of hookah bars scattered across the city and several more in its suburbs as well as Howrah. An exact count of the hookah bars is not available with the civic authorities. The police is now creating a database of all hookah bars in the city. Though officials said it was unlikely that such bars had a huge turnover, the proposed crackdown drew howls of protest from hookah bar regulars - mostly youths, and a large number among them teenaged girls, and businessmen - who wondered why they were being targeted when people continued to flout anti-smoking smoking laws with impunity.But the police move may yet be stalled by red tape and a familiar pass-the-buck habit.Kolkata Police commissioner R K Pachnanda has written to mayor Sovan Chatterjee, saying trade licenses issued to hookah bars must be scrapped as they sell tobacco in violation of the Cigarettes and Other Tobacco Products Act (Copta), 2003 and the Prohibition of Smoking in Public Places Rules, 2008. In the letter, written about a month back, Pachnanda argues that according to provisions of Copta, the police (as the implementing agency) can only slap only a Rs 200 fine on those flouting laws. The KMC, he feels, can do much more and scrap the trade licenses of the hookah bars. The letter came close on the heels of a meeting between the mayor, Pachnanda and the KMC commissioner.Trade licenses that are issued currently by the KMC don't incorporate provisions of the Copta. The KMC says that in a trade license, the nature of the trade has to be mentioned. A hookah bar doesn't figure in it, and therefore, the KMC can't take action. A typical hookah bar in the city is also a restaurant and would, therefore, have a food license. \"We issue trade licenses; they are not for hookah bars,\" the mayor says. \"If the police want to initiate action, they can go ahead.\" As a result, Pachnanda's letter has gathered dust for over a month.But KK Pati, the state health department's nodal officer for tobacco, backs the police. \"It is true that the penal provisions in Copta aren't enough. It would be a good idea if the KMC can check if the licenses given to food joints are being misused. If they are, they can act,\" Pati says.SK Khullar, former president of the Federation of Hotels and Restaurants Association of India, advises caution. \"Any such action to scrap trade licenses without properly ascertaining whether they are selling tobacco or not will be unfair. To my knowledge, none of them actually sell tobacco,\" Khullar says.When ToI visited a Wood Street hookah bar on Monday, the faint lights coupled with woodworked interiors in a cramped space (only three tables were spread out) were hidden behind a smoke screen. Several couples and groups of friends passed the mouthpiece around. The paanmsala flavour seemed to be the favourite. Manager Ranjan Pandey said the bar doesn't sell tobacco. Other hookah bar-owners TOI spoke also claimed they use molasses, and sometimes aromatic compounds, but never tobacco. Pandey insisted no rules were flouted and customers were only allowed to enter if they showed valid identity proof.Deepak Das, ACP in the detective department's anti-narcotics cell, rubbishes the no-tobacco claims. \"The hookah bars can't claim they sell only molasses or other aromatic substances and not nicotine. The material sold has a specified nicotine content,\" he says. The police also say the hookah bars don't stop people below 18 from entering their premises as they eye higher revenue. Among the hookah bar regulars TOI spoke to were school students and 16-year-olds, backing the police theory.Cancer Foundation of India (CFI) executive director Sutapa Biswas welcomed the police plan to root out the hookah menace. \"In 2009, the police had taken penal action against a south Kolkata restobar. But it has to be done more frequently to make the law a visible deterrent,\" Biswas says, adding, \"Smoking is banned in public places. Restaurants also fall within its ambit, apart from those that house over 30 people and have designated smoking zones. Even this comes will a lot of stipulations. Needless to say, these are flouted regularly.\" Biswas seconded the police assertion that the penal provisions weren't enough. \"But on this context, I would like to highlight the move taken in Mumbai. They amended their license laws to stop such hookah bars.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15114410", "title": "Tardy Narmada canal work increases water woes", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The slow construction work on the canal network of Narmada dam project is likely to aggravate water scarcity in the state, where deficient monsoon has led to an acute shortage.Work has been completed on only 19,885 km of the canal network, which is about 27 per cent of the 74,626 km long network of the dam.The state has just been able to complete only 289. 22 kms of the canal network work in the past three years and has spent Rs 24,022 crore on it.Narmada being a perennial river, harnessing its water by building a huge dam; and distributing it through canal network for drinking and irrigation purposes is a lifeline project for the state, where water scarcity due to deficient rains has been the norm.\"Instead of playing politics over the issue of Narmada dam project, the state government should expedite the workof the canal network, so that people in Gujarat may get drinking water and farmers may get water for irrigation,\" Congress spokesperson Manish Doshi said.Gujarat water resources minister Nitin Patel had recently blamed the Congress government at the Centre for not allowing the increase in the height of the dam from 121.92 m to 146.5 m.The state has received 50 per cent deficient rains this monsoon.The Gujarat government in a written reply to the question of Gujarat Pradesh Congress Committee president Arjun Modhvadia, in the State assemblysaid that the height of dam cannot be raised as the approval has not been granted by Narmada Control Authority as Maharashtra has not completed rehabilitation work for dam ousters.The state government further said that it had taken various steps for acquiring land of farmers for setting up canal network, like the decision to give them liberal compensation for their land, create awareness regarding the benefits of canal network and outsourcing land acquisition work, in the last three years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15115670", "title": "Court refuses to interfere in chargesheet", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad high court has refused to interfere in the chargesheet filed by the police against former principal of Boys High School and MLC, CV Innes and others. The police had filed the chargesheet on July 11, 2010, under Sections 467, 468, 471, 420 (cheating) and 409 of IPC.Passing the order, Justice RD Khare, however, made it clear that if the applicants surrender before the court within 30 days and apply for bail, their request for bail would be considered.The court directed that for a period of 30 days or till the disposal of applications for grant of bail, which ever is earlier, no coercive action would be taken against the applicants. The judge said in case the applicants do not appear before the court below within 30 days, the coercive action shall be taken against them.The applications under 482 of CrPC were filed in the high court by CV Innes, AR Stephen and others for quashing the chargesheet filed against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "15115433", "title": "Gang of vehicle thieves busted", "text": "AURANGABAD: The Kranti Chowk police on Monday busted an interstate gang of vehicle thieves and recovered a stolen dumper truck worth Rs 20 lakh which was stolen from the city. The suspects, one from Jalna and others from different parts of Uttar Pradesh, confessed to have stolen at least three more vehicles of different make from the city in the last few months. Inspector Prakash Kulkarni of the Kranti Chowk police said police recovered the truck in Jalna, which was about to be dismantled. \"We are in the process of recovering a Bolero jeep and two cars, which the suspects have disposed of at different places,\" Kulkarni said", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15115239", "title": "Rains around Bhopal to weaken, says Met office", "text": "BHOPAL: Continuous rains on Sunday night followed by intermittent showers during Monday helped in reducing maximum temperature in the state capital making it pleasant for residents. The day temperature recorded in the city was 28.9 degrees Celsius while 26.8 mm of rainfall was recorded during the last 24 hours.While the showers in the city during the last two days came as a big relief, the met office has dampened the spirit by forecasting that the weather system around Bhopal is likely to weaken. Director, meteorological department D P Dube said, \"The weather system is likely to weaken by Tuesday.\"The forecast issued for Bhopal predicted cloudy sky on Tuesday with a few spells of rains or thundershowers along with one or two heavy spells.Meanwhile, heavy rains were reported from Betul, Ghodadongri, Seoni Malwa regions of the state. Indore division also experienced continuous downpour during the last two days. Waterlogging was witnessed in several low lying areas of the city while the roads made mobility very difficult.Indore city recorded 22.4 mm rainfall in past 24 hours with the maximum temperature of 24.8 degrees and minimum temperature of 21.7 degrees C.Gwalior continues to be the hottest city of the state at 37.2 degree and a minimum temperature of 27.9 degrees.Meanwhile, the weather office says heavy rainfall is likely in some parts of the state in the next 48 hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15114606", "title": "State plans policy to check HIV/AIDS among labourers", "text": "JAIPUR: With an aim to prevent spread of HIV/AIDS, the state government may formulate a policy to check spread of the infection in the labour sector.Minister of state for labour Mangilal Garasiya on Monday said the policy will be formulated after a discussion with employers, labour unions and the state government.The policy will aim to achieve zero new HIV infections among workers.Garasiya was addressing a gathering of officials of Central government, state's labour department, International Labour Organization , Ministry of labour and employment and Rajasthan State Aids Control Society at a workshop on 'National Policy on HIV/AIDS and the World of Work' in the city.Garasiya said it should be the government's priority to prevent spread of HIV/AIDS among people in the age group of 15-49 years. \"The spread of HIV/AIDS among labourers has adverse impact on productivity; therefore, it is essential to check it.\"Experts claimed that nearly 90% of the reported HIV infections are diagnosed in the most productive age group. The stigma and social discrimination towards HIV/AIDS patients also needs to be discouraged.Additional secretary, Union labour ministry Ravi Mathur said a National policy on HIV/AIDS and world of work has been recently formulated. He also stressed on the need for zero discrimination towards HIV patients at the workplace.Principal secretary, labour Lalit Mehra said, \"It is necessary to discuss with employers and labour unions before formulating workplace policy in the state.\"The participants also talked about discrimination against people living with HIV/AIDS at workplace. They advocated that such discrimination should not be happen in workplace as people living with HIV/AIDS have right to earn in a dignified way.The Union labour ministry also provided a checklist for planning and implementing a workplace policy and programme on HIV/AIDS.The objective of the workshop was to provide complete information of the national policy on HIV/AIDS in the world of work to help the stakeholders in developing plans to fight against HIV/AIDS in the world of work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15114809", "title": "A licence to live after death", "text": "BANGALORE: To breathe life into someone even in death - the green heart driving licence will help many a willing motorist do exactly the same. The pilot project launched in Electronics City Regional Transport Office on Monday is a transport department initiative in partnership with Gift Your Organ, an NGO.Though the initiative puts into perspective lakhs of people who die for want of organs, religious, psychological and legal factors could play a dampener in the success of the project. The initiative was launched as a pilot in the Electronic City Regional Transport Office (RTO) from Monday by the transport department in partnership with Gift Your Organ NGO.\"Two issues could come in the way of accessing organs of a brain-dead person who had pledged them,\" said Dr P Satish Chandra, chairman, zonal coordination committee of Karnataka (ZCCK) for transplant, and director/vice-chancellor of Nimhans.The first, he explained, is the religious issue, often raised by the family of the dead who argue that an autopsy and subsequent harvesting of organs could be a bad omen. Second is the legal angle, wherein without the family's permission, the ZCCK cannot retrieve organs of a brain-dead person.\"As per the legal framework of our country, a person's parents, wife, husband or children have the right to the body after he or she is dead. Hence we have no option but to seek permission from them to retrieve the organsAnd the religiosity attached to such matters makes it very difficult for us to process organ donation,\" explained Dr D Ramesh, professor of neurology, MS Ramaiah Hospital and secretary of ZCCK.Ramesh said the ZCCK has counsellors to counsel the aggrieved relatives of the deceased on the virtues of organ donation. Ramesh added that except a few states in the US and a few countries like Singapore , the situation is same elsewhere and hospitals or bodies like ZCCK have to take permission from families, though the person had pledged his organs.The transport department is helpless too. \"We cannot make any change in the Central Motor Vehicles Act such that ZCCK or any such organization can retrieve the organs of the person without the family's permission,\" said R Ashoka, deputy chief minister who is also in charge of the transport department.Ashoka said that people should not take this as an order from the government but pledge their organs on their own. \"After a few months, we should be able to take this initiative to other RTOs in Bangalore and then to other districts across state,\" he said. He himself has pledged his eyes quite some time back.A PROMISE MADEWhile pledging my organs, the only thought I had was that even if I die, my body would get to live an extra life. A part of me will be living in some one else's body -- this thought should stir every youth and inspire them to pledge their organs too.Pranith R Naik | engineering student\"From the time I was a teenager, I wanted to donate my eyes -- but didn't work towards it as I was skeptical about how my parents would react. Later, when I came to know of this NGO, I went ahead and pledged my eyes without asking my parent. I had a tough time convincing my mother, who's very religious. I still think she is wary of my decision.Vijayita Panchamukhi | BPO employeeI pledged my organs and my mother has also done the same. But my father is not really happy with the decision. I know he supports the cause and knows what I feel about it, but probably he has been having second thoughts when it comes to his own daughterGaana Ashwath | medical student", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "15114832", "title": "Man kills ex-lover, stabs self to death", "text": "GHAZIABAD: A man stabbed himself to death in Loni area in Ghaziabad after killing a woman in Loni in Ghaziabad.A senior police officer said that Prem (35) went to 32-year-old Sunita's house on Monday morning.While two of her children were at school, her three-year-old son was playing outside. Prem sent the boy to buy some cigarettes. When the boy returned, he found his mother in a pool of blood. Local residents then found Prem's body in the next room. Police said, prima facie it seems to be a lover's tiff. Prem and Sunita had had an affair before she got married to one Rajkumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15115113", "title": "Vijay Palande rerun: Two robbery accused flee cop custody, recaptured later", "text": "In a repeat of the infamous Vijay Palande escape, two accused men fled from police custody on Sunday while their police escorts were distracted. They were caught again a few hours later.Brothers Ajay (20) and Vijay Parmar (23) were arrested last week by Kandivli police along with four others for robbing men by luring them in a honey trap. On Sunday, a team from Kandivli police drove the brothers in a Qualis to Nalasopara to recover some stolen valuables. While most of the cops were away, the Parmars simply opened the vehicle's door and took flight.Their getaway had eerie similarities with triple murder accused Palande's decampment in April. As he was being ferried by the crime branch to its unit-8 office in Andheri (East), a constable sitting next to Palande got down to clear a traffic jam. Using the opportunity, Palande jumped out of the police vehicle and fled. He was caught about four hours later near Churchgate. An inquiry was later set up into the escape.Senior Mumbai police officers on Monday said a departmental inquiry may also be initiated against the Kandivli police team from whose custody the Parmars slipped away.The Parmars were arrested on July 19 after a manager with a private company, Hitesh Khedekar, complained that he was ensopara (East).On Sunday afternoon, the police went to the Parmar brothers' room in Nalasopara and recovered some of Khedekar's money. But as the jewellery store was closed, the police returned in the evening. During the second trip, the brothers were accompanied by Kandivli police's assistant insnared by a woman and assaulted and robbed by a few men of his money, cellphone and two gold rings. Along with the Parmars, the Kandivli police arrested a 20-year-old and three minors , of whom two are women. During interrogation, the Parmars admitted they had sold off Khedekar's rings to a jeweller's in Nalaspector Anant Dange, assistant inspector Rajvendrasingh Kshirsagar, constable Premnath Suryavanshi, constable Dayanand Satam, constable Laxman Bagve as well as two panch witnesses. They reached the jewellery store a little after 8pm.While Dange, Kshirsagar, Satam and Bagwe went into the store to quiz the jeweller, constable Suryavanshi stayed in the police van with the Parmar brothers . Soon after, Vijay complained of hunger and requested Suryavanshi to get them some food. Suryavanshi reportedly went off to fetch samosas from a nearby store, leaving the brothers handcuffed in the vehicle.According to Suryavanshi's statement, he was returning with the samosas when he spotted the Parmars jumping out of the van in opposite directions. Ajay had wriggled out of his handcuffs while Vijay fled with the handcuffs on. Suryavanshi said he raised an alarm, hearing which Dange rushed out of the jewellery store. The Kandivli police team immediately informed the Nalasopara police, which cordoned off the area.\"We were unaware of Kandivli police's presence in Nalasopara till they contacted us about the Parmar brothers' escape,\" said Mukund Mahajan, senior inspector of Nalasopara police . \"My constables fanned out in the narrow bylanes of Ostwal Nagari in the dark to look for the Parmars . We were accompanied by the Kandivli police team since only they could identify the brothers.\"The police first nabbed Ajay who could not flee far because he had injured himself while wriggling out of the handcuffs. Vijay was arrested around 10.30pm; his handcuffs were still on.The Parmars were booked under section 224 (resistance or obstruction by a person to his lawful apprehension) of the Indian Penal Code by Nalasopara police. Their custody was handed back to Kandivli police. Officers said they will inquire how the brothers managed to break free of the handcuffs. Superintendent of police (Thane rural) Rajendra Shengaonkar announced a reward for the Nalasopara police team that traced the Parmars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15114515", "title": "Coir Board to launch 'fibre bank'", "text": "KOCHI: The Coir Board will establish a 'fibre bank' in Alappuzha to address the shortage of coir fibre in the market, said G Balachandran, chairman of the Board. He was talking to reporters in Kochi on Monday after announcing the International Coir Expo 2012, to be held in August.\"The fibre bank aims at meeting the shortage of fibre in the Kerala market.We will procure fibre from Tamil Nadu and would supply it to the small-scale entrepreneurs and societies involved in value addition. The initial investment would be Rs 25 lakh and the plan is to run it on a not-for-profit basis. There will be a cap on the quantity of coir available to the individual but the societies are exempted from this,\" Balachandran said. Coir sourced from Tamil Nadu could survive for 3 to 4 months without decaying, he noted. \"This is the first time Coir Board is conducting an exhibition based on the theme of new trends and technology in the coir industry,\" Balachandran said. In the expo, experts will deliver talks on the new scientific and technological nuances in the coir industry.\"In order to attract new generation to the coir industry, we are planning to train 20,000 youth and to start 17,000 small-scale coir industries in the state. We are also trying to include coir in the national fibre policy and it would ensure more help in exporting coir products to major markets,\" Balachandran said.Coir Board also plans to market coir composite boards, coir geo-textiles, coir pith, coir ornaments and coir spinning machines in the coming months. \"\"Pith has an increasing market in the West as organic manure. Hence we have signed an agreement with the Fertilizers and Chemicals Travancore Ltd (FACT) to develop a technology to turn pith into organic fertilizer,\" Balachandran said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "15115488", "title": "Villagers prevent minor girl's marriage", "text": "BOKARO: Residents of Chandaha village saved a minor girl from getting married with a person, almost double her age. Bharat Kumar , who hails from Gujarat, lured the father into giving her daughter's hand in marriage by offering her Rs 10,000.Villagers opposed the marriage of 16-year-old Namita (name changed) with Kumar (32) before they were able to perform marriage rituals. They also hit the groom when he resisted and handed him to police.Bokaro SP Kuldeep Dwivedi said police had arrested Bharat and five others in this connection. Bharat is a resident of Kutch district and works as a carpenter there. Among the accused, two of his companions Jani Yusuf and Jubed Jani hails from Kutch while other Kayum Ansari, Jam Babu Ansari and Rohan Ansari are residents of Chandankyari. They played a vital role in fixing the marriage deal.Bharat, during interrogation, told police that he had requested his friend Yusuf, who had married a girl of Chandankyari last year, to search a bride for him. Yusuf on his arrival last month at his in-laws house met Nepal Mahto, a resident of Chatataad of Chandankyari. He got to know that Mahto has four daughters to look after and kept the marriage proposal on Bharat's behalf before him.They promised to bear all expenses of the marriage and Rs 10, 000 in cash to his family. Mahto, who works as a labourer to earn livelihood found it to be a good proposal and agreed to the offer, following which Bharat came for marriage, said SP.However villagers alleged that Mahto sold his daughter to Bharat for money, which police and Mahto denied. Namita is also against the marriage. She seems to be happy now. Investigation officer Satyam Kumar said that they have arrested six persons, including Bharat, on charges of violating Prevention of Child Marriage Act and other sections of IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "15114499", "title": "Weeds hindering boat services in Vembanad", "text": "KOTTAYAM: The increasing presence of water weeds is making travel by boat in Vembanad Lake and the backwaters difficult. The waterway leading to the Kumarakom boat landing station is now covered with weeds.As part of the Kuttanad package, the Fisheries Resource Management Society (FIRMA) had been removing the weeds using a weed harvester, but for the last few days the work has been stopped and the machine is now lying idle in Kumarakom.This is the boat race competition season, and the teams are finding it difficult to conduct trials in the clogged waterways here.President of Kumarakom panchayat Dhanya Sabu said even houseboat owners were finding it difficult to conduct boat services.\"Fishermen are finding it difficult to fish in the lake and the backwaters; sailing teams are finding it difficult to practise; mosquitoes too are spreading. I have apprised the authorities about the seriousness of the situation,\" said Dhanya. She also said the process of removing weeds would resume in two-three days.P Sahadevan, executive director, FIRMA, meanwhile, said the work had been stopped as the agreement wasn't transparent enough.\"Weeds multiply at a fast rate. In areas that are cleared, new weeds start sprouting before we finish clearing another area. We are now looking at methods to keep the water bodies weed-free for longer duration,\" said Sahadevan. He also said the work had only been stopped for ten days.He said a committee formed under the fisheries secretary would meet in the coming days and devise methods to make the project more cost effective.Jiju Jose, secretary, DTPC Kottayam said this year there were lot more weeds than normal as it hadn't rained much. \"Usually during monsoon we are less troubled by water weeds,\" he said.However, the situation hadn't affected the tourism sector in a major way, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "15115707", "title": "Rain reality hits home in Panchkula", "text": "PANCHKULA: The morning rain showered problems on Sector 19 residents as lanes got filled with knee-deep water that flooded the houses. An irate crowd blocked main roads passing through the sector, bringing traffic to a halt for two hours.\"It has become an annual feature. We called up the Haryana Urban Development Authority ( HUDA) and Municipal Corporation (MC) officials but they never take our call,\" said Diya Mehta, a resident of Sector 19.Rainwater up to four feet got logged in the lanes and even in houses due to the water logging problem. The tall claims of the MC that they were ready for monsoons were dwarfed when water logging was witnessed in this sector. The agitated crowd came out on the main road of Sector 19 and stopped the traffic protesting against the authorities.\"It is a shame for authorities. For what were they making preparations? All our expensive belongings have got spoilt. Will the authorities pay for their repair?\" said Rambir Verma, a resident of Sector 19.Two-hour heavy traffic congestion was witnessed which was eased out after the intervention of the cops. \"We had to call in labourers on our own and get roads cleared of water. It had become difficult to commute,\" said Falak Chaudhary, a resident of Sector 19.Besides this, heavy water logging was witnessed in Sector 15, 17, 11, 10 and parts of Sector 9.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15114927", "title": "HUDA chief takes part in MCG House meet", "text": "GURGAON: The monthly House meeting of Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) had an unexpected guest: Praveen Kumar, administrator of Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA). Many MCG wards are part of HUDA sectors and councillors have been long demanding that HUDA officials and private developers should be asked to attend the House meeting so that the issues can be sorted out at the earliest.Listening to problems like water and electricity supply to unauthorized colonies, HUDA administrators assured the councilors that he, along with the deputy commissioner P C Meena and MCG Commissioner Sudhir Rajpal, will take the matter to the state government.\"Even though according to the rules, civic agencies cannot be extended to those living in unapproved colonies, we will ask the state to consider our plea since these residents need basic amenities like water,\" said Praveen Kumar. Similarly, when the issue of providing basic facilities to those living within 900 meter IAF depot came up, Kumar said: The matter is pending in the court. We know that the residents are having a tough time as they can't get new electricity connections.The councillors were happy that the HUDA chief agreed to take up their complaints and demanded that he should be present in future meetings as well.\"We have been asking the MCG commissioner to invite HUDA officials as well as town and country planning authorities and representatives of private colonies to House meetings. The MCG has a limited jurisdiction and many areas come under the purview of these departments. The only way we can solve these problem is by mutual efforts,\" said a councilor. \"We hope the administrator regularly attends these meetings. Next time, representatives of private colonies should also take part,\" he added.When asked, mayor Vimal Yadav said: \"From now on, House meetings will take place at least once a month. The next meeting will be held on August 23.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15115905", "title": "Man who sent lewd SMSes to woman cop in the net", "text": "CHENNAI: A man who had sent obscene text messages to a sub-inspector of the Madipakkam all-women police station about his personal life was arrested in Palakkad, Kerala on Saturday. He was brought to the city and remanded in judicial custody.Police said K Ramakrishan, an interior decorator who resided in Perungalathur near Tambaram, had recently separated from his wife Janaki following differences. A few weeks ago, Ramakrishnan wrote a letter to the chief minister's cell urging the officials there to help him reunite with his wife.The letter was forwarded to the Madipakkam all-women police station for investigation. A sub-inspector called him over to the station as part of the investigation but he allegedly refused to go there. He told here that he had forwarded the letter to the chief minister's cell and that it was the duty of police to find his wife and reunite them.When the sub-inspector explained to him that his wife, too, had come to the station and said she was not willing to live with him (Ramakrishnan) for various reasons, he began sending lewd and obscene messages to the sub-inspector. One of the messages also allegedly mentioned the chief minister.The sub-inspector told her superiors he had also threatened to throw acid on her face. A team formed to track him traced him to Palakkad in Kerala where he had fled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15113079", "title": "Stepfather kills two-year-old son", "text": "NASHIK: The Sinnar police have booked a 33-year-old man from Vavi Ves village for killing his two-year-old stepson on Sunday. The accused, Yogesh Mali, reportedly flung Om into a well on July 11.On Sunday, the Sinnar police found the body of an unidentified two-year-old in a well in Sinnar.On Saturday, a woman, Rekha Mali (25), had lodged a complaint with the Adgaon police station about the disappearance of her two-year-old son. Rekha had alleged that her son had been missing since July 11 from Vasant Dada Nagar, near Adgaon Medical Chowk. She also alleged that her first husband, Govind Mali, was behind the act.The Adgaon police detained Govind Mali, however, could not obtain any substantial evidence.The police learnt from Govind that had married Yogesh Mali four months back. In her complaint, Rekha had not mentioned her second marriage.Rekha was brought in for further enquiry during which it was revealed that on the evening of July 11, Yogesh Mali had taken Om, only to return alone. Yogesh confessed on Monday that since Rekha was not paying attention to his children from his previous marriage, he decided to kill Om.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "jhansi", "code": "15114448", "title": "Two girls die in Jhansi", "text": "JHANSI: Two teenaged girls died while another suffered serious injuries when a branch of a Peepal tree fell on them. According to reports, two girls - Silky(13), Muskan (14) and another girl who has not been identified, all residents of Aligole Mohalla in the city, had gone to bring water from a handpump installed near their house. As they were filling a bucket, suddenly a huge branch of a Peepal tree fell on them.They were immediately rushed to the civil hospital where the doctors declared Silky and Muskan as 'brought dead' while the third girl, who sustained severe injuries, is being treated in the civil hospital. According to police, due to the pious month of Ramzan, the post-mortem of the two girls was not done on the request of their family members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15115053", "title": "Nayan Nilim sings songs from new album at TOI concert", "text": "GUWAHATI: Hundreds of music enthusiasts were seen swaying to the tunes from Nayan Nilim's new album 'Suma', launched under the aegis of Times Music, at a special music concert, 'Folk and Beyond', organised by The Times of India on Monday. The associate sponsors for the event were the State Bank of India and Star Cement.The other performers for the event were Antariksh, Shymontika Sharma, Jupitora Bhuyan, Bikram Rajkhuwa, Abhijit Gilin, Mark Alvine and Munmi Kalita.Sujata Sharma, a young student who came to the event with her friends said, \"It was a great experience to hear Nayan sing live. I liked his song 'Tup tup', a foot-tapping romantic number.\"The event also saw a special felicitation of painter and sculptor Neel Pawan Baruah and flautist Khirod Khaklary, who was awarded the prestigious Sangeet Natak Academy award in 2005.The event was supported by Poddar Car World, L Gopal Jewellers, Hotel Gateway Grandeur, Channel Ramdhenu, radio partner 92.7 Big FM and Phonographic Performance Limited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15114653", "title": "Kozhikode regional archives to receive digital documents from Maharashtra soon", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The regional archives in Kozhikode is all set to add nearly 100 years of Malabar's rich history to its already vast repertoire.With the archive acquiring around 30,000 Malabar-related documents of the Bombay Presidency dating back to 1720, it will throw more light on the British account of the popularity enjoyed by Pazhassi Raja among the tribals of Wayanad and military tactics put in use by Sultan of Mysore Tipu and his father Hyder Ali in the 18th century.The digital copies of valuable documents from the Maharashtra State Archives will soon be made available to the public for research and reference at the regional archives building functioning at the district collectorate.Abdul Majeed CP, archivist at the regional archives, who is currently in Mumbai to acquire remaining documents pertaining to Malabar, told TOI that the latest clutch of records will add nearly 100 years of documented history. Currently the archives has historical documents dating back to 1803.\"The latest addition would provide valuable insights into the unknown social, political and economic facets of Malabar. Till now we just had records dating back to 1803. The Malabar region can now have a better idea of its past as the new documents would put another century of history for public scrutiny,\" he said.The main attraction of newly acquired documents is the records of the British Political and Secret Department of the Bombay Presidency, which have not been made available in the state before. \"The minutes book of the British Presidency also has several mentions of Malabar as it was a major trade centre then,\" Majeed said.The trade-related information including the value and quantity of spice export from Malabar and the letters written by the Zamorin and other princely principalities and fiefdoms to the presidency are also part of the documents secured by the archives.However, the lack of space at the regional archives has been a dampener for authorities as well as history buffs.The archives currently functioning as part of the district collectorate is cramped to the full with over five lakh records.The lack of a dedicated building is causing constraints in giving proper display and conservation of documents. From the conservation point of view, the archives do not have air-conditioning and the documents also get exposed to sunlight seeping through the windows.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15114723", "title": "One held for blackmailing gay partners", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 25-year-old man has been held for allegedly blackmailing businessmen and corporate executives after initiating homosexual relationships with them. Police said Rahul David used to prowl around south Delhi parks frequented by homosexuals and approached men waiting in cars outside. He was arrested from the Safdarjung Enclave area on Sunday night following a complaint from a director of a well-known institution.Police said David, who lives in Ambedkar Colony with his family, had been accused in around 10 such cases. Over 10 years, he had extorted money from around 100 people, including students. A source said most of David's victims did not complain to police fearing loss of prestige. He has been remanded to two days' police custody for interrogation.A few days ago, David had targeted the director of a well-known company outside Nehru Park. After a few days, David started calling him up for money. The victim first gave him Rs 25,000, and then again Rs 15,000. When David troubled the victim again on Sunday night, the latter called police. David was booked under Section 383 of IPC. A case of extortion was registered and he was placed under arrest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15114684", "title": "25-year-old man's body found in Narol", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Danilimda police officials found a youth's body from an open field near Narol-Sarkhej highway on Monday. Police suspect it to be a murder case.The officials said they had got a call on Monday morning about the body lying near Aarvi Denim unit on Narol-Sarkhej highway. The deceased appeared to be of 25 years of age. He wore a shirt and jeans. The body bore marks of injury on back of the head.Police could not ascertain the deceased's identity for want of identity documents. \"We believe that the youth was murdered at some other place by getting bludgeoned with a blunt weapon and then his body was dumped from a moving vehicle such as truck or tempo in the field. Though we haven't found any eyewitness to the incident, we've started questioning people at nearby industrial units and construction site to get a clue,\" said Danilimda police station inspector G P Chauhan.The body has been sent for post-mortem to ascertain the cause of death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15115102", "title": "Writers slam govt for lax BTAD approach", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Bodo Sahitya Sabha (BSS) and the Char-Chapori Sahitya Parishad (CCSP), two prominent literary organisations of the Bodos and the minority community in the state, have accused the state government of being lax while handling the deteriorating law and order in the Bodoland Territorial Autonomous District (BTAD).Kamalakanta Mushahary, general secretary of the BSS, questioned why the state government constituted by the Bodoland Peoples' Front (BPF) and Congress are yet to show any urgency in tackling the recent spate of violence between the Bodos and the minority community, which has spread from Kokrajhar to Dhubri and Chirang districts in lower Assam over the past two days.\"The administration of Gossaigaon subdivision in Kokrajhar told us on Sunday night they are yet to receive additional security forces. But, on the same day, the state government said it was sending 15 additional companies of security forces to the BTAD. Will they reach the interior areas of BTAD after everything is over?\" said Mushahary.He appealed to the state government to deploy more security forces in the areas where Bodos and the minority community are equal in numbers.\"The Mongolian Bazaar in Bijni where two persons were killed by miscreants on Sunday is one of the vulnerable areas where violence can erupt any moment,\" Mushahary added.President of the CCSP, Hafiz Ahmed, slammed a section of the police and administration officials in the BTAD of not beefing up security in the most sensitive areas. \"What are the security forces doing? Goons are openly moving with arms and killing the minority people coming out of mosques. Villages under Gossaigaon, Kasugaon and Dotma police stations are crying for help but there are no security personnel to help them,\" Ahmed said.He demanded seizure of arms with the former rebels active in the BTAD, which many organizations, including the opposition AIUDF, have termed one of the reasons behind the lawlessness in the BTAD.Ahmed also alleged that the presence of the ministers sent by chief minister Tarun Gogoi to the BTAD has not been able to give any sense of security to the villagers.The BSS on Sunday met the chief secretary and the home commissioner of Assam urging them to provide security cover to the innocent people of all communities in the BTAD. The CCSP too submitted a memorandum to chief minister Tarun Gogoi to arrange security for the people of the trouble-torn areas.s", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15114408", "title": "Touts have defeated welfare schemes: SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday commented that touts were unfortunately an undeniable part of the system who have succeeded in defeating hundreds of welfare schemes intended to benefit marginalized sections of the society.While considering a report on plight of abandoned and hapless widows in Vrindaban, a bench of Justices D K Jain and Madan Lokur learnt that wardens routinely pocketed part of the dole given to these women.It said: \"We are to sorry to say this. We have hundreds of schemes. But money goes without reaching the intended beneficiaries. Having gone through the report, one finds there are touts and that's the unfortunate part of the system.\"The bench's observation came after it perused a court-appointed panel report that studied the plight and suggested remedial measures. The PILs filed by NGO Environment and Consumer Protection Foundation and Indira Sawhney had highlighted the socio-economic isolation faced by these women, who in their old age were forced to do menial jobs for survival.In May, the court had set up a panel headed by District Legal Service Authority Chairman of Mathura, besides representatives of National Commission for Women, UP government, district collector, SSP Mathura and District Medical Officer.With inputs from National Legal Aid Services Authority and National Commission for Women, the bench noted that the problem was restricted not to UP alone, but West Bengal and Odisha and issued notice to these states while fixing further hearing on July 30.NCW in its earlier report had said that a majority of the 1,000-odd widows in Vrindavan have children who do not care for them and had suggested fastening of liability on the children under the Maintenance and Welfare of Parents and Senior Citizens Act, 2007.\"At least 50% of the women have children whom they visit or send gifts for and yet these children do not or are unable to care for them. This fact must be viewed in sync with the old persons' bill under consideration,\" said the NCW's report submitted to the court last year by advocate Aparna Bhat.NCW had said an estimated 5,000-10,000 widows were living like beggars in ashrams dotting the two holy cities of Mathura and Vrindavan and were being sexually exploited. The NGO, through counsel Ravindra Bana, had pointed out that the majority of widows had nowhere to go and were living in abject poverty rendering them defence-less against exploitation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15113550", "title": "Raj Thackeray and Maharashtra get notices in contempt case", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Monday issued notices to Raj Thackeray and the state government on a contempt petition filed by a city lawyer against the MNS president for allegedly lowering the dignity of the higher judiciary.Justice Bhushan Gavai issued the notices and posted the matter for hearing on August 3. The petition said Thackeray had allegedly referred to a Bombay HC decision as \"partisan\".Thackeray will have to be represented by a lawyer on the next date and can argue against the petition.The lawyer, who had sought permission from advocate general D J Khambata to initiate contempt of court proceedings against Raj and was granted the go-ahead, said the MNS chief made unwarranted comments about the HC. Under the Contempt of Courts Act, the advocate general's approval is mandatory to initiate proceedings.On February 5, the HC rejected a petition filed by the MNS, which sought to hold a political rally at Shivaji Park. The HC rejected the plea on the grounds that the venue fell in the silence zone. The petition said Thackeray's reaction to the HC order \"scandalizes the court\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15113848", "title": "Jagan recalls bail plea in SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a surprise move, YSR Congress chief Jaganmohan Reddy on Monday withdrew his bail plea from the Supreme Court in the CBI's disproportionate assets case.A bench of Justices T S Thakur and F M I Kalifulla dismissed Jagan's petition as withdrawn and granted liberty for fresh filing of petition seeking bail. The HC had dismissed Jagan's bail plea on July 4.Jagan's counsel Ram Jethmalani told TOI that the YSR Congres leader will now first challenge the conflicting grounds cited by the CBI for his arrest. He said the investigating agency gave one reason when it arrested him in May and cited quite another while opposing his bail application before the trial court in August.However, the explanation failed to satisfy the curiosity in political circles with many preferring to see it against the backdrop of YSR Congress's support for UPA nominee Pranab Mukherjee in the presidential elections. The decision of Jagan, who has emerged as a thorn in Congress's side in the party stronghold of Andhra Pradesh, has come as a surprise, with many wondering whether it could be a prelude to a rapprochement between the two sides.Although Jagan demonstrated his pull when he swept the recent by-elections in the state, his continuing detention leading to a leadership void has raised doubts whether his fledgling outfit will be able to sustain itself till 2014 when elections are due.Explaining the move, Jethmalanai said Jagan, who had been summoned by CBI as a witness to depose in the case, was arrested on the ground that he was a sitting MP and politically a powerful person who could tamper with evidence and witnesses.However, in its arrest memo filed before the court, the CBI mentioned that arrest was necessitated because Jagan did not cooperate with the investigation and gave evasive answers. \"Surely, the accused is entitled to the right of silence,\" Jethmalani said.Jagan was arrested after the CBI probe that was ordered by the Andhra Pradesh HC on a petition by an Congress MLA. In the petition, filed four months after Jagan broke away from Congress, the Congress legislator had accused Jagan of amassing assets hugely disproportionate to his legal source of income.The CBI filed the charge sheet on March 31 and arrested Jagan on May 27.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15114811", "title": "Students call off their protest in headscarf row", "text": "MANGALORE: Muslim girl students of Sri Ramakunjeshwara First Grade College at Dakshina Kannada district's Ramakunja, near Uppinangady, called off their protest on Monday. They had been demanding permission to wear headscarves in the classroom.Members of the Campus Front of India said they would launch a legal battle soon. Of about 100 Muslim boys and girls on protest, nearly 75 attended classes on Monday, college principal Vasanth Rao told TOI.\"Some 25 students abstained from class, but they did not hold any protest. We haven't changed our decision. We have clearly informed students and parents about our dress code,\" he added.Students have been protesting against the college's dress code, which does not allow girls to wear headscarves in classrooms, since July 12. Front state president Mohammed Thufail said students haven't withdrawn their protest. \"Parents decided to move the high court if college authorities don't allow Muslim girls to wear headscarves in classrooms. We are studying earlier court verdicts which favoured religious beliefs on campus.\"Some organizations have supported the protesting students. The Mangalore University All Colleges Union, a Front affiliate, staged a protest in front of the college. The Girls Islamic Organisation and National Women's Front, too, opposed the headscarf ban.GIO district president Umaira Banu told TOI: \"Wearing a headscarf won't harm anyone.\" Condemning the college's decision, NWF district president Shameena Haneef said: \"People of all sections of the society have the right to follow their religious practices.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "15115450", "title": "Forest department to plant 25L saplings in Kolhan division", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Shifting from the routine plantation drive to value addition plantation, the Kolhan divisional forest department has embarked on tribal livelihood enhancement mission through its ongoing saplings plantation programme.The Kolhan division the state forest department has a job cut out with an ambitious target of 25 lakh sapling plantation in the three districts.Forest department sources said while the East Singhbhum district will plant 10 lakh saplings, eight lakh saplings will be planted in West Singhbhum. Another 6.5 lakh saplings will be planted in Seraikela-Kharswan district. Social forestry divisions of Chaibasa, Adityapur and Jamshedpur will take care of their respective jurisdictions in ensuring effective plantation through greater participation of local villagers, the sources added.\"This time around the focus is largely on lifting the socio-economic condition of the villagers (through the plantation drive) who are residing on the forest land for centuries,\" said conservator of forest (Kolhan) Sanjay Kumar .The ongoing plantation, which will probably end in the next three weeks, is witnessing berry, cocoon, tendu, kusum (Ceylon oak), palash (butea gum tree) and lac saplings being planted in large numbers. Saplings of sheesham and teak have also been planted along with bamboo. In addition, saplings of medicinal and herbal plants are also being planted.\"The objective is not merely to ensure spread of forest cover but also to make value addition to the saplings,\" Kumar said while maintaining that the outcome of the ongoing exercise will be long-term.A forest officer in Dhalbhum division who is actively involved in the saplings programme said as forests provide a number of minor products which are utilized in different industries and used in domestic consumption, the current programme is aimed at providing an adequate opportunity to poor villagers to improve their livelihood once the plants start bearing fruits.\"We are spending over Rs 1 crore on the saplings programme with utmost sincerity to build a ground for tribals who in the long term can derive the maximum benefit from the saplings that are being planted today,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15114599", "title": "Romesh gets 10-yr jail for chopper grab, walks free", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court on Monday sentenced gangster Romesh Sharma to 10 years rigorous imprisonment and imposed a fine of Rs 17.15 lakh on him in a 14-year-old case of cheating and grabbing a helicopter and keeping it at his farmhouse.However, Sharma (68) was allowed to walk free by additional sessions judge Sanjeev Jain, who gave him the benefit of section 428 CrPC, as he had already spent 13 years in jail for various offences.The court also sentenced eight other accused to varying jail terms in connection with the case. The court said, \"the incident is extremely revolting. It shocks the collective conscience of the community. The aggravated circumstances had outscored the mitigating factors of age and their antecedents.\"While Harish Mishra (66) was sentenced to seven years imprisonment for cheating and criminal conspiracy, he was also given the benefit of section 428 CrPC. The court imposed a fine of Rs one lakh on him. Other convicts \u2014 Avtar Singh Ahluwalia, M D Bhojwani, Naveen Budhiraja, Manoj, Avdesh and Indermani \u2014 were sentenced to jail for three years and fined Rs 10,000 each, for offences of dacoity and hatching a criminal conspiracy.The other convict Laxman Singh, held guilty for kidnapping and criminal intimidation, was awarded three years' rigorous imprisonment and fined Rs 15,000.As Laxman Singh had already spent over two years in jail, the court allowed him to appeal before Delhi High Court, suspending his sentence till September 15.In its order, the court directed Rs 15 lakh, out of the fine collected from convicts, to be given to the complainant Suresh Rao as compensation. The court has also directed the concerned department to hand over the helicopter to Rao.The case was registered in 1998 on the complaint of H Suresh Rao, the owner of a Bell-47 helicopter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "rameswaram", "code": "15115772", "title": "Tirupati-Rameswaram Exp flagged off", "text": "RAMESWARAM: The inaugural service of the three-days-a-week Rameswaram - Tirupati Express, was flagged off formally on Monday by state minister for handloom and textiles, S Sundararaj in the presence of divisional railway manager, A K Goel and other railway officials. The train was earlier operated between Madurai and Tirupati for two days.The train will leave Tirupati on Sundays, Tuesdays and Fridays, while in the return direction, it will leave Rameswaram on Mondays, Thursdays and Saturdays.Train No. 16780 Rameswaram - Tirupati Express will leave Rameswaram at 4pm, arrive Madurai at 7.05pm and leave Madurai at 7.15pm and reach Tirupati at 10.35am the next day. Train No. 16779 Tirupati - Rameswaram Express will leave Tirupati at 1.15pm, arrive and depart Madurai at 5.55am and 6am respectively and reach Rameswaram at 9.15am. The train would have one AC three-tier, one first class, eight sleeper class, six general second class, two general second class-cum-luggage van coaches.The train will halt at Mandapam, Ramanathapuram, Paramakudi, Manamadurai, Madurai Junction, Kodaikanal Road, Dindigul Junction, Tiruchirappalli Junction, Thanjavur, Kumbakonam, Mayiladuthurai, Sirkazhi, Chidambaram, Cuddalore, Tiruppadirippuliyur, Villupuram, Tiruvannamalai, Vellore Cantonment, Katpadi and Pakala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15115750", "title": "Weaving their way into Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: The Sourashtrians first came to the temple city from the erstwhile Somnath region of Gujarat about 300 years ago, mainly because their skill in weaving impressed the monarchs of Madurai, namely Thirumalai Naicker and queen Mangammal who invited them to weave their royal clothes.People from the community were given permission by the then monarchs to encroach the roads to dry their dyed thread and yarn, by putting up their looms. They mastered the art of dyeing using the water from Vaigai river, which they found was good for the thick dyes. Also known as 'silk thread makers', the Sourashtrians were given homes near the king's palace in the heart of Madurai city and even now, over 1,000 houses around the Thirumalai Naicker mahal belong to them and are architectural wonders of the bygone era. Walking on the streets around the mahal in the evenings can transport one back in time and women sitting on the doorsteps of closely packed houses, stringing jasmine flowers and decorating their hair is a common sight.Weaving was their only trade till about 50 years ago. The resemblance between the design of Sungudi sarees of Madurai to the Bandhani of Gujarat stands as testimony to their origin. According to C K Narasimmachari, an octogenarian who has done a lot of research into this community, there are a little over two lakh Sourashtrians in Madurai. People from this linguistic minority are also found in Paramakudi, Dindigul, Thanjavur and other parts of Tamil Nadu. \"We are culturally as well versed in the vedas as the brahmins, but are classified among the backward classes,\" he said. According to him, queen Mangammal set up a committee to review their expertise as brahmins opposed their claim. The committee finally did endorse that they too were vedic experts.The contribution of people of this community to the development of Madurai is immense. The 101-year-old Sourashtra Higher Secondary school introduced the free meal scheme for its students much earlier than the government, says R Sridhar, a businessman. Known for having close knit families, the joint family system is very much prevalent among them even today, where many generations are seen living under one roof. They also believe in following various rituals and elders are given the prime importance in households. The Sourashtrians also actively participated in the freedom struggles of the region. N M R Subburam (1905 - 1983) spearheaded the freedom movement in the region by embracing Gandhian principles, for which he later came to be known as 'Madurai Gandhi'.The famous Tamil playback singer T M Soundararajan belongs to this community. So were famous yesteryear stars like M N Rajam, Devika, Kanaga to name a few. Being religious, they have also contributed to the growth of Hinduism in this region. Their festivals are similar to the people of Madurai and they are now a very integral part of the social system.People from this community love socializing and their cuisine is relished by people from all sectors. Variety rice, including lemon rice, tamarind rice, tomato rice and sambar made with mutton are some of their specialities. About half a century ago they started branching off into various business ventures, including textiles, education, banking and other commercial establishments and even today, some of the most successful businessmen in Madurai belong to this community. Politicians who have contributed to Madurai's development have also emerged from this society, like former MP AGS Rambabu. Organisations like the Sourashtra Club and Sourashtra Sabha help bring these people closer and also hold speech competitions for youngsters on a regular basis to ensure the sustenance of their dialect. A Ramkumar, a teacher, says that saving their dialect and making sure that the younger generation was familiar with it was one of the priorities of their community.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15115795", "title": "Third Monday of Shrawan passes off peacefully", "text": "VARANASI: Amidst tight security arrangements, the third Monday of Shrawan month passed off peacefully. Though in comparison to the second Monday of Shrawan, the turnout of Kanwariyas was low on third Monday. The local administration had initiated extra precaution to meet any situation.The areas barricaded between Dashaswamedh and Maidagin via Godowlia and Chawk to take the devotees inside Kashi Vishwanath temple in queues remained crowded since Sunday morning. The entry of devotees was stopped during the Aartis and hours of closure of temple. But, the devotees standing in queues and waiting for their turn to enter the temple did not leave their place. The queue stretched up to Dashaswamedh area on Monday morning. One lane was reserved for the queue of devotees while people heading towards Dashaswamedh Ghat were allowed to move in other lane. The number of devotees entering the KVT crossed the mark of one lakh by afternoon.Apart from KVT, heavy rush of devotees was also visible at other prominent temples of Lord Shiva including Markandeya Mahadeo Kaithi, Sarangnath, KVT in Banaras Hindu University premises, Kedareshwar, Mrityunjaya Mahadeo, Tilbhandeshwar and others. The cops were not only vigilant near the temples and city roads but the plans for the controlled movement of heavy vehicles on highways and diversions were also enforced strictly. Though no rainfall has taken place in the city for the past three-four days, the cloudy weather helped the devotees feel comfortable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15114605", "title": "Trial run of plastic recycling unit gets going at West Hill", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The much-awaited plastic recycling plant began its test run here on Monday. The unit at the West Hill Industrial Estate will become fully functional once the contractor signs an agreement with the corporation.The plant capable of recycling one tonne of plastic waste per day will convert the waste plastic into granules and pellets. This recycled plastic will be marketed to make plastic furniture, toys and other items.With the commissioning of the recycling plant, the civic body is expected to find amicable solutions for the plastic menace bugging the city. But the unit will able to recycle only that plastic which does not contain food waste or other wastes.K Ameer, proprietor of Sun Rise Plastic Industry, who has been given the tender said, \"The plant will be commissioned in full swing once we sign the agreement with the corporation. The success of the unit will be depend upon the cooperation from the general public as only clean plastic can be recycled at the unit,\" he said. The machinery worth Rs 12 lakh installed at the plant has been set up by the Kozhikode-based Ram Biologicals.In the initial phase, the MoU will be singed for a period of three years. The agency running the recycling unit will have to pay Rs 26,000 every month to the corporation to run the unit.Meanwhile, Janamma Kunjunni, health standing committee chairperson said that the civic body will resume collecting plastic waste from the households from next month onwards. \"The civic body is also planning to conduct awareness campaign to clean the plastic carry bags before handing it over to the Kudumbasree workers,\" said the chairperson.The corporation came under fire after city residents protested against waste piled up in various parts of the city. The corporation will sign a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with the proprietor of the plastic recycling unit after the successful trial run.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15115668", "title": "\u2018Faculty members are like parents to students\u2019", "text": "KANPUR: Apart from holding the orientation programme for the students of both undergraduate classes, the authorities of IIT-Kanpur also held a counselling session for their parents. This was done to satisfying all their queries.Parents of the meritorious students were given a warm welcome. The auditorium remained jam-packed. The anxious parents of these new students eagerly heard what the authorities of IIT-Kanpur had to say and inform.Director, IIT-Kanpur, Prof SG Dhande told parents that the student's performance in a particular semester depends upon a number of activities including taking part in quizzes, completing assignments successfully and on time.\"The 60-70% of the marks are earned by making assignments and taking part in quizs etc. The 40% of the marks are contributed by the exams that are conducted at the end of the semester. Therefore, the performance of the student is evaluated at different stages throughout the semester and this way students also come to know about their performance at every stage,\" said Prof Dhande while addressing the parents.He also explained about the grading system adopted by IIT-Kanpur and said that the institute has a brand name which the new students should withheld. He added that IIT-Kanpur has a plethora of facilities to offer to the students which do not exist in other institutes.While interacting with the parents, head, Counselling Services at IIT-Kanpur, Prof AR Harish said in the absence of parents, the faculty members of the institute are like parents to all the students. He said the phone number of the members of the counselling cell of the institute would be passed on to parents so that they can stay in touch with them.The students have enough access to a number of stuff here in the institute and this freedom allows them to be a better person. \"From day one, students decide what is to be done and we learn from them. Control is in their hands and we sit back and watch them. If they go wrong somewhere we then interfere and make corrections,\" said the senior faculty member of IIT-Kanpur while interacting with the parents during this session.He also said four to six hours of teaching would be imparted to the students in their classes and after that, the rest of their time would go in participating in the non-academic activities. He said the students have a Gymkhana and a number of sport events to participate in. All this keeps students tension-free and rejuvenates them when they feel pressurised due to studies.Dean of Student Affairs, Prof AK Ghosh too interacted with the parents of the new students and said the parents should be vigilant but should not interfere too much all through the students' stay on campus so that they could grow up independently. Prof Ghosh said the students have come in the safe zone and so, parents should not worry.The curious parents of the students questioned the IIT-Kanpur authorities and sought answers from them after the session. The session concluded when the parents of the new students started leaving the campus by bidding adieu to their wards with a dream that their ward will make them proud after the completion of the course.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15115297", "title": "BSEB set to privatize power supply in Patna", "text": "PATNA: In what may be the first step towards privatization in power sector in Bihar, the Bihar State Electricity Board (BSEB) has given its green signal to entrust the Mumbai-based Essar Power Limited the job of power supply and distribution in Patna.Talking to TOI here on Monday, BSEB member (finance) Vinayak Prasad Gupta said, \"We have already sent a letter to Essar Power, seeking its acceptance of the offer. Essar will have to send its formal acceptance letter to the BSEB within a fortnight.\"The move to privatize power supply and distribution in the state capital has been necessitated in view of the huge loss in revenue collection suffered by the board. According to official sources, the monthly revenue collection in Patna is around 60-70 crore as against the actual power consumption to the tune of Rs 90 crore. \"The gap of more than Rs 20 crore is huge,\" said an official.It is expected that the process of privatization would be initiated latest by next month with the formal acceptance of the offer by Essar Power. In the second phase, power distribution franchise would be given to private parties in other Bihar towns, said an official.BSEB had initiated this privatization process way back in 2009, when Calcutta Electric Supply Company had been selected as franchisee for Patna and Muzaffarpur. But the tender was challenged in Patna high court in 2011, sources said. The high court had restrained the BSEB from giving franchise to any private agency. However, the high court recently gave its go ahead to the BSEB to take a final decision on the appointment of distribution franchisees in Patna and Muzaffarpur.The court passed the latest directive while hearing a petition of Essar Power Limited seeking directive to the BSEB to award the franchise for Patna and Muzaffarpur based on its bid submitted on June 20 last year.The Essar's job would be power supply and distribution, meter reading, bill distribution, revenue collection, maintaining low-tension lines and attending to fuse-off calls.Asked about the possibility of pruning of Patna Electric Supply Undertaking (Pesu) workforce, Gupta said there was already an acute crisis of employees. Now, Essar will have to look into the issue of manpower requirement. Various workers' unions of BSEB have already launched a phase-wise agitation against the privatization bid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "rewari", "code": "15115644", "title": "Rewari farmers protest for better compensation", "text": "REWARI: A heightened sense of insecurity, shrinking agriculture holdings and \"abysmally low rates\" being offered by the government for land in Haryana had the farmers of Rewari turn Delhi-Jaipur national highway into a battleground on Sunday.A day after violent clashes with cops, farmers said that giving away their agricultural land to government, which would then develop it and allocate to industrialists at a premium was but a raw deal.According to farmers, there is a huge difference between the government floor rates and the market prices of the land which had soared in the recent five years. \"We were very angry and this fact provoked us further,\" confessed a farmer who was part of the strong mob that pelted stones at cops and set vehicles on fire.While the state government is offering around Rs 45 lakh per acre to farmers, the existing market rates have gone beyond Rs 4 crore per acre in the NCR region. Dinesh Saini, a real estate expert in Rewari, said, \"The farmers are feeling cheated at the hands of the government. Anyone would feel cheated if given Rs 45 lakh instead of over Rs 4 crore for an acre.\"Haryana state industrial and infrastructure development corporation (HSIIDC) which is acquiring the land, has already served notices on the farmers under Section 4 of the Land Acquisition Act which begins with the issuance of preliminary notification. The HSIIDC was in the process of imposing Section 6, which is final declaration that land is required for a public purpose, said a state government official.A multi-modal logistics hub is proposed to come up on this land as part of the ambitious Delhi-Mumbai Industrial Corridor (DMIC). Ram Kishan Mehalwal, who is leading the farmers' stir said that all land under acquisition process is in continuity on the NH 8 and surrounded by the industrial sectors which makes it a prime location.\"Farmers would be rendered landless on handing over the land at low prices while the government would then allot the industrial plots at a premium to the industrialists. The government seems to be acting like a middle man. The government first should protect the interest of the farmers in undertaking the industrialization,\" said Mehalwal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15114325", "title": "Rabindra Bharati University gets full-time vice-chancellor after 7 months", "text": "KOLKATA: Sabyasachi Basu Roychaudhury has been appointed as the new vice-chancellor of Rabindra Bharati University (RBU) for a term of four years. Basu Roychaudhury, head of the political science department, will replace Chinmay Guha, who was appointed as the interim VC for six months on January 18, 2012. After his term expired on July 17, Guha was reappointed for another six months or till a regular professor was appointed following the nominations of the search committee.The three-member search committee comprised Padma Bhushan U R Ananthamurthy, eminent historian Tapan Raychaudhuri and Jamia Millia Islamia University VC Najeeb Jung.\"Quite a few development works have taken place in the university. The fact that I am leaving has come as a shock to the varsity,\" the outgoing VC said.\"I had tried my best to restore discipline in the university. Development was my priority. A new stage, which has been a long-standing demand of the students, on the B T Road campus will soon become a reality. The decision has indeed come as a surprise despite my efforts to bring back the lost glory of RBU,\" Guha added.\"Guha was appointed on an interim basis. The search committee nominated three names and the chancellor - governor M K Narayanan - has chosen Basu Roychaudhury. Guha has not been removed,\" said a senior higher education department official.According to sources, the name of Chinmay Guha was among the shortlisted candidates who were selected by the search panel set up for selecting the new VC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15117530", "title": "Priyanka or Deepika for Vikram?", "text": "Shankar's I was launched with fanfare a week back and shooting is already in progress.The unit is in Chennai shooting with Vikram and Santhanam. While Amy Jackson has been roped in for one of the roles in the film, the other leading lady is not finalized. Industry sources say that it will be an actress from Bollywood and it's likely to be Deepika or Priyanka.Deepika has Rajinikanth's Kochadaiyaan on hand now while Priyanka has worked in a Tamil film early in her career. Kochaidaiyaan is likely to release in December. Both the actresses are having a good run in Bollywood and the question is whether they have dates to accommodate a south film at this point.Though there have been rumours of these actresses signing on more Tamil films, nothing has materialized so far. Looks like south filmmakers may have a long wait!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15115411", "title": "A signal that responds to flow of vehicles", "text": "PUNE: There's nothing that one would find unusual about this traffic junction near the Veer Savarkar Bhavan on the road towards the Congress House. However, if you wait for a few minutes at the junction and observe the signals and flow of traffic, you would soon realise how traffic lights change from red to green or green to red swiftly, depending on the movement of vehicles on the roads connected to this T-junction.The traffic signal system at this junction is connected to sensors which capture the movements of vehicular traffic, and depending on the traffic flow, the signals change accordingly. The new signal system at this junction is an experimental project, jointly undertaken by the Pune Municipal Corporation and the Centre for Development of Advanced Computing (C-DAC), civic officials said.Three roads approach this junction, located a few metres away from the main Rani Laxmibai Chowk near the Balgandharva auditorium. While one road comes from the river overbridge (known as the Maharshi Vitthal Ramji Shinde bridge), the other two roads approaching the junction are the one that travels toward the Congress House and the second towards Rani Laxmibai Chowk.The traffic signal at the junction has three cycles, which change depending upon the flow of vehicular traffic.PMC officials said wireless CCTVs have also been installed at the junction to capture the flow of traffic. The traffic flow at the junction, along with the new experimental signal system, is being analysed, PMC officials said.Meanwhile, the civic administration has moved a fresh proposal before the standing committee for appointing a private agency for operating the Intelligent Traffic System. The system, which has been developed at a cost of Rs 16 crore, is lying unutilised for the last two years. The ITS has over 70 CCTVs at important traffic junctions, which can capture various traffic violations. The central control room of the ITS is located at Swargate office of the PMPML.The civic body wants to appoint an agency for operating the ITS and recover fines for traffic violations. The private agency will work in coordination with the PMC and the traffic police.Deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, at a meeting held on traffic issues last month, had directed the PMC to make the ITS operational as early as possible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15117765", "title": "Scientists from Indian Agricultural Research Institute-Regional Station awarded for outstanding contribution", "text": "INDORE: A team of scientists from the Indian Agricultural Research Institute (IARI)-Regional Station, Indore recently received the prestigious ICAR award for outstanding Inter-disciplinary team research in agriculture and allied sciences 2009-10 for its contributions toward improving the productivity, disease resistance, water-use efficiency, nutritional value and profitability of wheat crop in the country. The team was chosen for award out of 35 applications received from all over the country.The award was given in New Delhi on July 16 by the union minister of agriculture and food processing industries, Sharad Pawar. The award winning team was led by Akhilesh Nandan Mishra, principal scientist and head, IARI-Regional Station, Indore. Other members of the team include HN Pandey, PK Verma, SV Sai Prasad, MY Samdur, AK Singh and SR Kantwa.The award winning team developed two durum wheat varieties- HI 8627 (Malav Kirti) for rainfed and restricted irrigation conditions and HI 8663 (Poshan) for irrigated, timely sown conditions of central zone and peninsular zone, respectively and three bread wheat varieties including HI 1531 (Harshita) and HI 1544 (Purna) for rainfed or restricted irrigation conditions and irrigated, timely sown conditions, respectively of central zone and HI 1563 (Pusa Prachi) for irrigated, late sown conditions of north eastern plains zone during the period 2005-2010.All these varieties combine high yield potential with heat tolerance, water-use efficiency and strong rust resistance with desired quality traits and hence have been contributing in enhancing the productivity and profitability of wheat crop under different cultivation conditions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15113903", "title": "Mahapanchayat urges Maruti to stay on in Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: In a mahapanchayat held by over 100 villages on Monday at Dhana in Manesar, villagers have requested Maruti Suzuki India Ltd (MSIL) to stay in Gurgaon, condemning the unrest and violence which took place at the plant on Wednesday.The panchayats demanded that the investigation of this matter be transferred to the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) from the special investigation team (SIT).The gathering alleged that Wednesday's incident was \"politically motivated\" to hamper industrial growth in the Dakshin Haryana belt.\"We are in favour of Maruti's staying on in Gurgaon. It has generated employment for lakhs and given us villagers a source of steady livelihood. If this industry moves out of here, it will mean shifting out of 350 smaller industries directly associated with it. We are directly dependent on it since it generates rental incomes. Shop owners are dependent on these employees for their sales and locals run transport vehicles,\" said Dharmbir Yadav, sarpanch, Kasan village.The villagers have demanded stern action against the culprits.\"Ye lal jhande walon ko yahan se bahar nikalo (ask these communist-backed unions to exit from here),\" said Beg Raj, district president, Haryana Janhit Congress.The mahapanchayat was of the opinion that the state government had done nothing to employ local youths despite promises at the time of acquiring land.\"The management at MSIL and the government are of the opinion that if they employ local youths, it would lead to disturbance. However, if our children had been employed in this unit, we as village elders would have seen to it that no such strike or violence takes place. However, since these youths have been appointed through recommendations and belong to the Rohtak-Sonipat belt, we have no say over them. By not employing our children, the state has betrayed our faith,\" said Gajraj, Manesar village sarpanch.Villagers proposed the formation of a Dakshin Haryana Vikas Samiti with three members representing each village to talk with the MSIL management without the involvement of any government functionaries.\"The MSIL management is under pressure from the state because of which they cannot take action. We fully support the management and request them to take action,\" said Rao Abhey Singh, ex-chairman, Gurgaon Zila Parishad, who presided over the mahapanchayat on Monday.A decision was taken to hold more such mahapanchayats on a larger scale.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15113887", "title": "House pays glowing tributes to Jhalmi", "text": "PANAJI: The legislative assembly on Monday paid glowing tributes to former legislator Kashinath Jhalmi, who expired on Sunday, often referring to him as a doctor of law. The House also condoled the recent death of freedom fighter Gajanan Ramchandra Neugi.The condolence motion for Jhalmi was moved by transport minister Ramkrishna Dhavalikar, while the motion for Neugi was moved by Bicholim MLA Naresh Sawal.Chief minister Manohar Parrikar said that he had an opportunity to work alongside Jhalmi when the latter was opposition leader in the legislative assembly. Parrikar said it was from Jhalmi that he learnt the lesson never to speak without studying the matter in depth.He said the three things he had learnt from Jhalmi were how to corner the government on the floor of the House, to study the rule book and to study an issue before raising in the assembly.He said that Jhalmi worked tirelessly, even sometimes neglecting his health, and though Jhalmi attained a great position, he never forgot his humble roots.Parrikar said if Jhalmi was in the House today, he would have been ten times more popular because of live coverage by TV channels, which was lacking then. \"His death is a loss to Goa and to the Goa legislative assembly,\" the chief minister said.Opposition leader Pratapsingh Rane also praised Jhalmi saying that he was a studious member of the Goa legislative assembly for three terms. Rane said that Jhalmi raised many pertinent points in the legislative assembly and that Goa will miss him much.Rane also condoled the death of Gajanan Neugi saying that he sacrificed much of his life in fighting for freedom \"so that we could live in freedom in our country\".Dabolim Congress MLA Mauvin Godinho praised Jhalmi for studying issues in fine detail, while industries minister Mahadev Naik recalled his contributions to Goa, including his contribution during the language agitation.If the government takes the initiative to declare Schedule Tribe (ST) status to Dhangar community, it would be a fitting tribute to Jhalmi, MLAs speaking on the condolence motion said.St Andre MLA Vishnu Surya Wagh said that Jhalmi had a dream to bring the entire Bhaujan Samaj together. He also said that Jhalmi has fought to get ST status for Kunbi, Velip, Dhangar and Gawda communities, but unfortunately the Dhangar community was not conferred ST status. \"If we have to pay tribute to Jhalmi, then Dhangars should be given ST status,\" said Wagh.Quepem MLA Chandrakant 'Babu' Kavlekar said that Register General of India has raised some queries on the report submitted by the government to declare ST status to the Dhangar community. \"The government should immediately clarify the queries so that Jhalmi's dream to get ST status to Dhangar community is fulfilled,\" said Kavlekar.Cumbharjua MLA Pandurang Madkaikar said that Jhalmi was the leader of masses and he had the stature of Babasaheb Ambedkar in the ST community.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15115007", "title": "Surat diamond trader cheated of Rs 23 crore", "text": "SURAT: City crime branch has registered an offence against R B Vinod Kumar Nayar of Mumbai for allegedly cheating a city-based diamond trader of Rs 23.95 crore. The accused purchased diamonds worth Rs 37.80 crore from the complainant and paid only Rs 13.85 crore. When the complainant demanded the balance amount, the accused filed complaints of threat against him with Mumbai police.Afroz Fata, a resident of Habiba Palace, Adajan Patiya, in his complaint said that he had sold diamonds worth Rs 37.80 crore in March 2011 to the accused and required documentation for the product sale was also prepared. Nayar's Shree Chakra Udyog purchased the material through his office located in Mahidharpura area of the city. The company had rented an office in the city which it closed after defaulting on payment.Fata was paid Rs 13.85 crore by the accused through real time gross settlement ( RTGS). \"During three months credit period, he gave 12 cheques of Rs 50 lakh each. When I deposited the cheques, they bounced as there was no balance in the bank account. So I approached the court to recover my due,\" said Fata.Meanwhile, Nagpada police station, Mumbai, contacted Fata and informed him that Nayar had submitted an application against him. \"Nayar alleged in his application that he had borrowed Rs 20 crore from me and to recover the money I was threatening him. I explained my case personally to Mumbai police. They were convinced and summoned Nayar thrice but he did not turn up,\" informed Fata.Nayar then filed a complaint with Mumbai crime branch against Fata. Meanwhile, he came to know that Nayar had taken a bank loan on the basis of invoice of Fata's company Nail Industries Pvt Ltd. \"He took finance on the basis of fake invoice of my company in which he had replaced diamonds with sesame and cumin. I had never traded in these products. He must have shown these products as banks don't finance diamond purchase,\" said Fata.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "15115599", "title": "2 'Bangla' nationals held for smuggling drugs", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Police arrested two alleged Bangladesh nationals, when they were about to escape to Kolkata, with 500gm of brown sugar worth over Rs 1 crore in the international market. SP Manoj Kaushik said following a tip-off received from intelligence, he sent Quick Reaction Team (QRT) to nab the duo with brown sugar, Rs 61,100 in cash, one cell phone with two different sim cards.The SP said the two smugglers have been identified as Ziaul Sheikh and Samputi Sheikh. They claimed to have hailed from Murshidabad district in West Bengal located on the borders with Bangladesh. However, the SP said the duo could not produce any documents to prove their nationality.\"Intelligence officials informed local police that the offenders were Bangladesh nationals,\" said the SP. The police also seized of huge quantity of Opium (21 kg) and Doda powder (292 kg) from Ziaul and Samputi, and believe that a major gang of smugglers with foreign linkage were operating in the district.The two smugglers said that they regularly visited Hazaribag for ferrying bed-sheets and clothes.When asked about brown sugar smuggling, they confessed to the crime, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15115642", "title": "Locals protest against unscheduled power cuts", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Agitated over unscheduled power cuts and roistering, residents of Kalyani Devi and adjoining areas protested at the Kalyani Devi power sub-station on Monday.Locals along with the Mahanagar Congress Committee flayed the officials for failing to address their grievances. The locals also held the power staff hostage for some time.Congress leaders Harish Tripathi and Nafees Anwar said the power department has failed to address public grievances and people are facing unwanted power cuts during festive season of Shrawan and Ramzan.The locals further threatened to launch a series of agitation if the situation was not improved within 48 hours. The locals also handed over a two-point charter of demand claiming that power supply was worst affected in Meerapur, Atala, Noorullah road, Karelabagh, Kareli, Gaus nagar, Dariyabad etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15114665", "title": "Dams starved of water", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The 202 dams in the state have 771 million cubic meter (MCM) less water than what it was last year. Even Sardar Sarovar, the lifeline of the state has 197.11 MCM less water as compared to last year.Officials said that the dams have nearly five per cent less water and the state was forced to release water from the dams in North Gujarat, South and Central Gujarat to save the crops, due to the delayed and deficit monsoon. In Saurashtra, water was released to meet the drinking water needs.The data released by the irrigation department on Monday revealed that the state has deficient monsoon. \"The tables have turned now. Till early last week, the dams had more water than last year. But in one week the situation has reversed. It was because there were heavy rains last year during the week. On the contrary, this year the officials were forced to release water from the dams.\"Sardar Sarovar Narmada dam also received some fresh inflow. It has now 79.50 per cent water. While the inflow was just 3,969 cusec, the release of water was more. The dam has 4,196 MCM of water this year as compared to 4393.80 MCM last year.Irrigation officials said that about 12.13 MCM of water was released from the dams in a day. Barring dams in North Gujarat and Central Gujarat, the rest in the state had less water as compared to the last year.The 17 dams in North Gujarat have about 353.25 MCM more water, while Central Gujarat dams have 701 MCM more water than the last year.Officials said that the situation was really bad in Saurashtra where the dams have only 8.53 per cent of water. This was about 877 MCM less than the last year. In South Gujarat, 13 dams have 948.33 MCM less water, the officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15114478", "title": "Rajasthan feels the heat as power situation deteriorates", "text": "JAIPUR: The industrial sector was once again forced to feel the heat of severe power crisis in the state. Owing to the scanty rainfall and the increased demand for power, the state discoms on Monday evening imposed yet another six-hour cut on the industry.This is the second time in less than a week when a six-hour long cut was imposed on the industry, affecting the work of over 3.75 lakh small and large units in the state. Officials claimed that the state has little choice but to impose the extended power cuts as the production in the state is currently at an all- time low while the demand has shot up due to less rainfall.While chief secretary C K Mathew has directed the discoms to ensure the situation improves, the discoms, in turn, have demanded Rs 200 crore to purchase power in August. The scheduled cuts along with the unannounced long hours of power failure have led to protests in several parts of the state.\"Across the country, there is a shortage of over 40,000 MW of power. With the increase in demand in Northern states like Punjab, Haryana and UP, it is not possible for Rajasthan to draw more power from the Northern Grid,'' said C S Chandeliya, director, Power Trading.At present, the daily demand for power in the state is close to 1500 lakh units while the consumption is between 1350 and 1400 lakh units. The availability from within the state is only between 1100 and 1125 lakh units. Earlier the state was purchasing power at Rs 4.80 per unit, now it is shelling out Rs 7.75.The main reason for the low production is the rushed decision to close down five power generating units in the state reportedly for annual maintenance. The maintenance is conventionally done in the monsoon when the demand dips. These units were closed down previous week even when four units were already non-functional due to technical faults.To add to the power woes, the state provides 120 lakh units of power to other states on a daily basis under the banking agreement. \"Under the agreement, the favour is returned by other states during the rabi season when the power demand in the agricultural sector is high,'' an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15114854", "title": "Gopalgarh violence: CBI questions Rajasthan BJP MLA", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI on Monday recorded the statement of BJP MLA from Rajasthan Anita Singh in connection with the Gopalgarh violence, where 10 Meo Muslims were killed last September. Agency sources said Singh, assembly member from Nagar, Bharatpur, who arrived at the CBI headquarters here this morning was questioned by the officials in connection with the riots between Meo Muslims and Gurjars which took place on September 14, 2011, in Gopalgarh.The agency may also record the statement of Congress MLA Zahida Khan in connection with the case, they said. The members of Meo and the Gurjar communities clashed over the ownership of a village land at Gopalgarh in Bharatpur, on September 14.Following the CBI chargesheet filed in March, the special CBI court in Jaipur directed it to also probe the role of influential people in the region, including the MLAs. The court directed the CBI to investigate the alleged role of MLAs Zahida Khan (from Kama) and Anita Singh (from Nagar, Bharatpur), along with two other leaders of a particular community and submit a report after the counsel for both the communities pointed fingers at them during arguments.It was alleged that key witnesses had made statements attributing specific role to these legislators, but the CBI had not carried out probe against them. Taking note of the statements made by accused, the special court directed the CBI to investigate role of the two MLAs and two other persons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15113728", "title": "Gali wanted bail at any cost: Kin", "text": "HYDERABAD: Incarcerated mining baron Gali Janardhan Reddy has reportedly requested his kin to try and secure bail for him through illegal means during one of the 'mulaqats'.In his confession before Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) sleuths, Gali Janardhan Reddy's relative Dasaratharam Reddy said, \"When Bellary (Urban) MLA Gali Somasekhar Reddy and I went to Chanchalguda jail to see Gali Janardhan Reddy, he requested us to get bail somehow for his release without caring about spending money and even at the cost of managing the CBI judges.\"Moved by these appeals, Dasaratharam Reddy, whose daughter married Gali Janardhan Reddy's nephew in February 2012, started trying for Gali's bail along with Somesekhar Reddy. As part of their efforts, Gali's kin met one P Krishna Prasad, a realtor at Daspalla Hotel in Banjara Hills. Krishna Prasad told them that he knew a lawyer, Venkateshwar Rao, whose relative K Lakshminarasimha Rao, was then the registrar of the AP high court and they could try for bail through him.On April 13, Krishna Prasad went to Dasaratharam Reddy and informed him that the bail issue was discussed with Lakshminarasimha Rao and he had demanded Rs 100 crore for arranging the bail. \"I told him that we are ready to give Rs 100 crore but how will he collect and transport it,\" Dasaratharam Reddy told the ACB sleuths.On April 18, Krishna Prasad told Dasaratharam Reddy that CBI judge Naga Maruthi Sharma had refused to accept the cash-for-bail deal when Lakshminarasimha Rao discussed it with him. When Naga Maruthi was transferred and T Pattabhirama Rao became the CBI judge, Gali's group intensified their efforts to secure bail for him and approached judge D Prabhakar Rao, a friend of Pattabhirama Rao through Lakshminarasimha.A deal was struck with Lakshminarasimha Rao and others at Necklace Road on May 5 for Rs 15 crore.During the same time, Dasaratharami Reddy and Somasekhar Reddy met history-sheeter Yadagiri Rao at advocate Umamaheswar Rao's office in Masab Tank. \"Yadagiri Rao told us that in the past he had obtained bail for one police officer through judge Pattabhirama Rao and a retired judge TV Chalapathi Rao and we asked him to pursue the bail securing process immediately,\" Dasaratharam Reddy said.Subsequently, a deal was struck for Rs 20 crore with the Yadagiri group and Pattabhirama Rao granted bail to Gali Janardhan Reddy on May 11. Gali's group then paid Rs 9.5 crore to Yadagiri.Dasaratharam Reddy told the ACB that the bribe amount was arranged by him, Kampli MLA T H Suresh Babu and Gali Somasekhar Reddy. After the cash for bail scam broke out, fearing arrest, Dasaratharami Reddy changed his phone numbers and stayed away from his house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15114307", "title": "Dengue claims year's first victim", "text": "KOLKATA: Forty-year old Sushmita Malakar from Sapuipara in Santoshpur died of dengue in a city hospital on Sunday night, sending ripples in the Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) headquarters where civic bosses were not in a mood to count her as the city's first dengue victim. The death certificate issued from the hospital, however, records haemorrhagic dengue.Sushmita's father-in-law Ramendra Nath Malakar blamed it on the hospital for not being able to diagnose the disease in time. \"Sushmita's body temperature hovered around 99 degree Celsius constantly as her condition kept getting worse. The doctors attending her kept saying that her blood pressure was low and the pulse rate was below normal. They shifted her to intensive care unit but didn't ever say that she was suffering from dengue,\" Malakar accused. The KPC Medical College and Hospital authorities denied the charge, saying that they did their best to save the patient. She was brought to the hospital in a critical condition while blood kept oozing out of her right ear and she vomited blood on Sunday.The victim's family isn't buying the KMC version either. \"We are not sure what actually led to her death. But the KMC people came to our house in the morning, inspected the house and pointed out to us the water stored in tanks and tubs inside the house. They wanted us to flush out the water. Why did they say this if it was not a mosquito-borne disease?\" the father-in-law countered. Sushmita's husband Sajib in a state of shock couldn't even speak.Mayor-in-council member Atin Ghosh expressed surprise over the cause of death (haemorrhagic dengue) as the results of patient's blood tests were negative. According to Ghosh, the preliminary blood reports sent to the KMC by the hospital mentions nothing about the disease. \"We have asked the hospital authorities to submit detailed reports. If it is proved that it is not a case of dengue, we will take steps against the hospital,\" Ghosh said.Sushmita had high fever and body ache since last Tuesday. She went to see her parents, who live close by, on Wednesday and fell severely ill. She kept vomiting blood and the paracetamol tablets she took came of no use. Things turned for the worse after blood came out of her right ear.Sushmita failed to recuperate even after the treatment at KPC Medical College and Hospital. She was shifted to the ICU on Sunday evening. \"Around 4pm, they asked us to get two bottles of blood as her haemoglobin count kept falling steadily. She was put on a ventilator. We were asked to get two more bottles after three hours but her body refused to take blood,\" said Malakar.Sushmita's 16-year-old son Sutanu, a Class XI student, said: \"My mother used to help me a lot with my studies. I promised my mother that I will fulfill all her dreams,\" said Sutanu who wants to be an engineer for her mother.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15114892", "title": "'Spend for cloud seeding, not on temple rituals'", "text": "HUBLI: Senior Congress leader H K Patil on Monday came down heavily on the state government for dilly-dallying on the cloud seeding issue.\"It is ironical that the government is spending crores of rupees offering pooja in temples, seeking favour of the rain god. Instead, the chief minister should take immediate steps like cloud seeding to mitigate problems of people in drought-hit regions,\" he said.Patil even challenged the government that if it fails to take up cloud seeding, he will go ahead and do it, spending from his pocket.When asked about industrial minister Murugesh Nirani's recent statement on migration of Koppal farmers, Patil said it is nothing but inflicting pain and humiliation on farmers who are already in distress. Nirani had said that Koppal farmers have made it a habit to migrate to other places.\"Farmers in Koppal are migrating due to severe drought prevailing in the taluk. Saying that migrating has become a habit for them is a classic case of blaming the victim. The minister should take back his words and apologize to the farmers,\" Patil insisted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15117262", "title": "Singham forces Zanjeer to go into re-write mode", "text": "Apoorva Lakhia's remake of the 1973 blockbuster Zanjeer had caused much grief to writers Salim-Javed, who were miffed at being kept in the dark by the makers.However, the duo can now breathe easy with TOI having learnt that Lakhia's version has gone into re-write mode. Reason being: Prakash Raj, who played the villain in Rohit Shetty's Singham , and will also play the main antagonist in the new Zanjeer, pointed out to the makers that Singham was actually the original Zanjeer revisited.That was a turning point for the team who had been following the pattern of the original movie till then, including many of the original episodes and scenes. A source close to Lakhia's project said, \"He hadn't seen Singham. After he was told about the similarities between the original Zanjeer and Singham, he checked out Rohit Shetty's film and found that many of the scenes involving the angry young cop were a direct or indirect homage to the 1973 flick. If the new Zanjeer were to have the same scenes, it would end up looking more like a spoof of Singham rather than a tribute to Zanjeer. \"So, most of the sequences where the cop-hero confronts Ramcharan Teja's villain are being re-written. \"Priyanka Chopra's role in the new version was in any case very dissimilar to Jayaji's in the original film. And now, even Ramcharan's character will be placed in different situations. Earlier this month, the actor cut short his honeymoon in Europe and flew down to Bangkok to shoot a newly-written action sequence. Many other scenes are in the process of being redone so that they don't end up being compared with Singham, \" said our source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15113072", "title": "Maharashtra govt to promote breast-feeding project", "text": "NASHIK: The Maharashtra government is contemplating to implement the pilot project \"Hirkani Kaksha\", started in Nashik a year ago, through primary health centres (PHCs) across the state to promote breast-feeding among lactating mothers.Started in May 2011 by the Nashik District Health Office, Hirkani Kaksha is a special cell at health centres where lactating mothers are taught and explained the importance of breast-feeding. \"The health department plans to introduce the scheme during 'World Breast-Feeding', celebrated from August 1 to August 7, every year,\" an official from the health department informed.The official further said that though this would not be the only programme to lower the cases of malnourishment \u2014 especially in the rural and the tribal areas\u2014 it would definitely lay stress on the importance of breast-feeding. \"The guidelines are also ready and the proposal should see a go-ahead soon,\" the official said.A Hirkani Kaksha is a clean and hygienic room at the public health centre where only lactating mothers along with their kids are allowed. Mothers can enter the 'kaksha' whenever they are in the health centre or in the village or district where it is located.\"When it comes to feeding children, mothers are in search for space and privacy. The cell provides the opportunity for the mothers. The staff from the centre teaches mothers the importance of feeding,\" Dr Yogesh Sale, reproductive and child health officer of the Additional District Health Office said.From May 2011 to March 2012, 3,967 mothers have benefited from the cell. In the current financial year, 1,892 mothers have benefited so far. \"There are some hiccups in starting the same across all the centres \u2014 relating especially to availability of space. We will still make alternate arrangements to resolve the issue,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "15114151", "title": "3 years too late: Ponda's ID hospital 98% complete", "text": "PONDA: After a delay of over three years, Ponda's infectious diseases (ID) hospital will finally begin operations by July-end. Reshma Kuchelkar, dy manager (civil works) of the Goa State Infrastructure Development Corporation (GSIDC) said that the construction work of the project has been completed and the furniture would be in place within a week.GSIDC officials declared this on Monday, after electricity department officials tested the high-tension power cables laid from the power sub-station to the hospital project.Work on the 220-bed hospital had commenced in 2007, the foundation stone for which was laid on January 20, 2007, and the construction was scheduled to be completed by 2009. However, just 50% of the work was completed by 2009.GSIDC officials said that with the laying of the power cable, about 98% of the work has now been completed and the rest is expected to take about a week.Now, a 4.09km-long underground cable has been laid from the Ponda power sub-station and passes along the Curti-NH 4-A, St Mary's School, Upper Bazaar, Kamat nursing home and forest department to the ID hospital and is 1m below the surface.R Asrit, executive engineer, high tension, of the electricity department said that they tested the cable and gave a green signal for power connection. The metre relay testing department will now check the electrical fixtures and release the power supply as soon as it receives documents from the GSIDC and the electricity department, Asrit told TOI.N R Vhaval, electrical manager of the GSIDC, revealed that the hospital's electrical equipment such as lifts, operation theaters, central air conditioning system, etc would now be able to be tested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15115865", "title": "Man drives away truck carrying liquor", "text": "CHENNAI: Police arrested a man on Sunday on charges of driving away a truck carrying liquor bottles and cases meant to be delivered to Tasmac outlets in the city.Police said that on Thursday Baskaran delivered liquor cases to a few shops in the city and returned the truck to the godown at night. As it was past midnight, the staff at the Tasmac godown said they would not be able to take stock of what was left in the vehicle. Baskaran then parked the vehicle outside the godown and left for home. An hour later, he came back and took the vehicle, along with the liquor cases, to his village in Tiruvanamalai.After hearing the news, Baskaran's boss Vasudevan tried to contact him over the phone but it was switched off.A team of police officials were sent to Tiruvanamalai and they tracked down Baskaran and brought him to the city on Monday.During interrogation, Baskarn told police that he wanted to take revenge against Vasudevan for deducting his salary after Baskaran damaged a company truck in an accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15114835", "title": "Guwahati Molestation case: Main accused held in Varanasi", "text": "GUWAHATI: Amar Jyoti Kalita, the main accused in the GS Road molestation case, was arrested by UP Police in Varanasi on Monday. At present, Amar Jyoti is at Lanka police station in Varanasi. UP Police has asked Assam Police to send all details, including Amar Jyoti's images and the video footages, to ascertain his identity.Confirming Amar Jyoti's arrest, Guwahati City SSP A P Tiwari said, \"He was arrested somewhere between Cantt and Lanka area in Varanasi this evening. One of our teams will go to Varanasi with the case diary on Tuesday. The legal procedures may take a little time but we can bring him here within two days,\" added the SSP. An official of Lanka police station in Varanasi said, \"Our policemen saw him near the Lanka area. We suspected his behaviour and then interrogated him. Though he didn't reveal anything initially, after repeated quizzing he said the he is Amar Jyoti Kalita from Madhabpur of Noonmati in Guwahati. Immediately, we took him in custody and informed Guwahati Police.\"Amar Jyoti, a contractual employee of Amtron, the IT development agency of the state government, was sacked from his job immediately after he was found guilty in the July 9 case incident. He then fled Guwahati after TV channel starting telecasting his images of molesting the girl. He was charged with orchestrating the mob and molesting the victim in public.He was seen in a red T-shirt during the July 9 incident. A day after the incident, a mobile image of Amar Jyoti, in the same attire, was uploaded in his Facebook account showing his presence in the busy Police Bazaar area of Shillong in Meghalaya. But after this, his Facebook account also found inactive.The Special Investigation Team (SIT), formed by Assam Police to arrest him, intimated its counterparts in Meghalaya but could not track him there. Then a few days later, rumours of his arrest in Bhubaneshwar railway station spread. However, he was once again out of the loop.Police sources said Assam police were in constant touch with Varanasi police's special operation group, adding that Kalita was at a hotel near the Varanasi railway station for the past few days. He had contacted his family members and friends from public telephone and it was on the basis of these call details that the Assam police alerted Varanasi police. Kalita said he was drunk at the time of the molestation.Paulson said Kalita confessed that he fled from Guwahati and Bhubaneswar when he learnt that he was made the main accused in the molestation case. He said he continued travelling to other parts of the country, including Mumbai, Thane, Ahmedabad, Howrah and Barabanki before reaching Varanasi.Paulson said that Kalita's driving licence has been seized. A survey technician in a private company, Kalita said the molestation was spontaneous. The SSP said that a police team from Guwahati will reach Varanasi on Tuesday. The Assam police have arrested 12 accused so far and had put up a reward of Rs 1 lakh on information leading to Kalita's arrest. Kalita will be produced in a court in Varanasi after which the Assam police will take him into custody and take him back to Guwahati.Late on July 9 evening, a mob led by Kalita had molested a 20-year-old girl in Guwahati. She was later rescued by some passers-by. The incident was caught on camera and later telecast by some television news channels and sparked a national outrage. Posters of the accused were put up across Guwahati.Chief minister Tarun Gogoi told the media on Friday that Amar Jyoti was seen in Mumbai and he is trying to evade arrest by changing his location from one state to other. Gogoi had said Amar Jyoti will be arrested soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "15115330", "title": "Now, peanut milk to tickle tastebuds", "text": "RAJKOT: If soya milk does not suit your tastebuds, you may soon have an alternative to satiate your craving for milk.Scientists at Junagadh Agricultural University (JAU) have developed peanut milk that may soon be available in the market. Although the commercially viable process for peanut milk has been developed, the consumers would have to wait a bit long.\"We have developed the process and technology has been transferred to a Junagadh-based entrepreneur to bring it out in the market,'' vice-chancellor, JAU, Dr N C Patel said.According to an associate with education extension unit of the university professor Virendra Bhatt, peanut milk is expected to be with acceptable in the market as a chocolate and vanilla flavored beverage.A jeweller-based in Junagadh Shailesh Patel is the entrepreneur who has decided to launch peanut milk, peanut paneer, peanut buttermilk, peanut ice-cream and peanut sweets in a phased manner.\"In the first phase, we will launch flavored peanut milk under Dugdhamrut brand. We are hopeful of entering the market within a month. The research and development work is on to ensure that it becomes popular among the people of the state. Since there is no cholesterol in peanut milk, it is bound to find acceptance among a large number of consumers,\" Patel said.Another factor that goes in favor of peanut milk is that unlike soya milk, there is no bean odor in it. Patel claimed, \"Many people do not like the flavor of soya milk, but peanut milk with its high protein constituent will be an option for them.\" He has recently sent samples of peanut milk for testing at Food Testing Laboratory at JAU.Aiming to introduce the beverage in 200ml pouches in the market, he plans to get the health conscious consumers to take to his product as an option to the animal and soya milk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15117812", "title": "How to avoid getting wet in rain", "text": "LONDON: A physicist has put forth new ideas to the question of how best to keep dry when moving in the rain.Franco Bocci has asserted that both wind direction and a person's stature figure into the answer.In most cases the general answer is to run as fast as possible, but the answer changes in a tailwind, or for the thin.What complicates the question is the human shape; for simplicity, previous attempts to crack the thorny problem assumed people to be thin sheets or upright, rectangular boxes.When Prof Bocci considered a more general case, he found that the answer may depend on an individual's height-to-breadth ratio as well as wind direction and raindrop size.Luckily there are a few generalisations in the analysis, to spare you having to calculate the cosine of the angle between your path and the wind direction.\"Let's say that in general, the best thing is to run, as fast as you can - not always, but in general,\" the BBC quoted Prof Bocci as saying.\"If you're really thin, it's more probable that there will be an optimal speed. Otherwise, it's better to run fast,\" he said.As for wind direction, in general, you should run as fast as you can unless the wind is behind you, in which case the optimal speed will be exactly the speed of the wind.The study has been published in the European Journal of Physics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15115014", "title": "Prized catch: Centurion thief nabbed", "text": "SURAT: With the arrested of Rana alias Ramesh Devshi Kalsariya on Monday, the city police claimed to have solved more than 100 cases of house break-ins in south Gujarat since 2008.Rana, who is from Barpatodiya village of Rajula taluka in Amreli, was arrested from near Aaimata Crossroads while coming to the city to sell stolen goods. Police said he had confessed to thefts of Rs 52 lakh so far but the amount might touch Rs 1 crore after investigation. Jewellery and cash worth Rs 11.13 lakh were found on him when the cops nabbed him on Monday morning in an operation named 'Operation Jackal'.Rana, the cops said, single-handedly carried out all the thefts in daylight. He used to commute in a luxury car to hoodwink police.A special squad formed to probe house break-ins found that several thefts were carried out in the city in which lock or the latch were broken. After identifying similar modus operandi, police suspected few persons and finally zeroed in on Rana.Police were shocked to know that Rana had carried out around 100 crimes of which he confessed to 45 house break-ins. \"Questioning is still going on and we believe that more crimes will be detected during his interrogation. This is the first of its kind detection in which so many crimes were executed by one person,\" said Rakesh Asthana, city police commissioner. Police are yet to take remand of the accused.Rana was earlier arrested by Valsad police in 2006 and sent to Porbandar Jail. He gave the cops a slip while being taken back to jail after his appearance in a Vapi court. Rana escaped from police custody at Rajkot railway station. Since then, he was on run and had carried out many crimes. Police records show that Rana started stealing since 2002 and used only screwdrivers or pliers to open a locked door.On most of the occasions, he would leave the house within 15 minutes after stealing valuables. He targeted residences during afternoon and successfully carried out thefts without being caught. Police are collecting details of those who purchased the stolen goods from Rana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15115195", "title": "Aryabhatta Knowledge University plans M Tech, PhD courses", "text": "PATNA: Aryabhatta Knowledge University (AKU) is likely to introduce M Tech and PhD courses for both medical and engineering students soon.A decision to this effect was taken at a meeting of the AKU regulations committee, held here on Monday under the chairmanship of vice-chancellor S N Guha. Dr Vijay Prakash and Dr A K Agrawal of PMCH, Dr Jitendra Kumar Singh and Akhileshwari Nath of Mahavir Cancer Sansthan, and D P Singh of science and technology department also attended the meeting.The meeting discussed in detail the proposed guidelines for PhD and M Tech courses and decided to frame regulations for these courses. It also considered the proposals for introducing biomedical engineering and nano-medicine courses at Mahavir Cancer Sansthan and asked the organization to submit details of the proposed courses. The M Tech courses would be started only at Muzaffarpur Institute of Technology and Bhagalpur College of Engineering, which are approved by the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15115794", "title": "\u2018Common Cause\u2019 joins hands with Team Anna against graft", "text": "NEW DELHI: Common Cause, a public interest organization, has decided to join hands with Team Anna to make its July 25 indefinite strike a success. The organization said it will launch its anti-corruption logo, which has been designed by the National Institute of Design, Ahmedabad at Jantar Mantar on Wednesday.\"Corruption is essentially an illicit transaction between two parties. The hand symbols in our logo covey the idea of 'giving' and 'taking' and the superimposition of the red negation sign conveys the sense of a strong opposition against these corrupt transactions,\" a spokesperson of Common Cause said.Arvind Kejriwal , member of the Team Anna, will lead the agitation this time because social activist Anna Hazare is not keeping well. \"We have already received about 4,000 online registration from across the country, who are willing to fast with Arvind Kejirwal, Manish Sisodia and Gopal Rai,\" said Ashwati Muralidharan, IAC's media co-ordinator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "15117402", "title": "Indo-China trade has failed to gain momentum", "text": "SHIMLA: Indo-China trade through Shikpkila pass of Kinnaur district has failed to gain momentum over the years despite the fact that border trade through this point was resumed following the signing of protocol for extension of border trade to Shipkila pass in September 1993.While last year around 19 traders had crossed over to China, this year only one trader has applied following the direction of union government to obtain import export code. According to sources, this is for the first time when traders have been directed to apply for the code that would help them to import or export goods without paying custom duty and without having any ceiling on the products.Right now individual product worth Rs 25000 only could be imported or exported. \"So far only one trader from Tashigang village has applied we hope in the coming days others too would apply for the code,\" added the officials. According to sources, last year around 18-19 traders had crossed over to China with their goods while from China side not even a single trader entered this side. \"Indian traders are allowed to go upto Shipki village of China only from there it is Chinese villagers who travelled inside China to 200-250 km to bring the goods listed by Indian traders,\" sources said.In past trade through Shipki La has remained very low with import turnover remaining around Rs 10 lakh while export turnover remaining between Rs 7 to 8 lakh. With the introduction of code system officials expect business across the border to rise as goods of large value would be exchanged. This year union government has added five more items in the import list while seven new items have been added in the export list. Kinnaur district industries corporation, general manager, Sarchander Negi said that once code is obtained, traders could import or export goods without any upper limit and without paying any custom duty.\"This would make the trade more lucrative and boost the trade prospect in future as more items have been added in the import and export list,\" he added. Trade between India and China is conducted through Namgya Shipki-la village in Pooh sub-division of Kinnaur along the Namgya-Shipkila-Shipki Jijubu land route. Traders mostly from border villages of Kinnaur district carry their stocks on mules to China.While Indian traders carry items like agricultural implements, blankets, copper products, clothes, textiles, cycles, coffee, tea, barley, rice, flour, dry fruit, dry and fresh vegetables, vegetable oil, gur and tobacco, they return with items like jackets, shoes, crockery, flasks, goats and Chumurthi horses. Box: Trade across the border is allowed with prior permission from June 1 to November 30.As initial three months are consumed in completing the formalities actual trade takes places in the months of September, October and November. Traders had to get border trade pass which is issued only after Special Investigation Bureau scrutinizes the applications.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15117182", "title": "Rickshaw puller kills another for calling him 'Nepali'", "text": "MUMBAI: The Parksite police arrested a 24-year-old auto rickshaw driver for allegedly killing another rickshaw puller on Sunday. Accused Sonu Nepali Verma committed the offense to teach a lesson to the victim Vinay Kumar Mishra (27) for teasing him (accused) with his name \"Yeh Nepali\" in front of other rickshaw drivers.Police said the incident occurred around 5.20 pm on the main road at Amrut Nagar in Ghatkopar (West). Verma and Mishra were in an inebriated condition when they came face to face with each other. The two hail from north and came to Mumbai two months ago and started working as rickshaw drivers.The two had an argument in the middle of the road on Sunday evening. The next moment Verma attacked Mishra with the chopper he carried with him. \"The victim died after he was attacked 10 times on head, eyes, chest and hands,\" said assistant commissioner of police (Vikhroli division) KK Khandale.Victim's brother Gangaprasad Mishra (38), in the complaint, said, \"The accused use to fight frequently fight with my brother over petty issues. He was annoyed with my brother for calling him Nepali and took the extreme step of killing him.\"Minutes after the incident two police constables - Pradeep Temkar and Vishnu Mahale, patrolling the locality rushed to the spot and caught Verma who tried to give a slip. \"Verma planned the murder two days ago and brought the chopper, used at butcher shops, on Sunday,\" said sub-inspector Prashant Mahajan.Temkar said people watched the accused hacking the victim. But no one dared to catch the accused. \"On seeing the crowd we rushed to the spot and found the accused armed with chopper has killed the victim. We requested the crowd to help us to catch the accused. But all denied help. Later we requested few rickshaw drivers who gheroed the accused and caught hold of him,\" he said.Verma has been booked for murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15116679", "title": "Pranab Mukherjee's wife Suvra Mukherjee: We've not fought once in 55 years!", "text": "It's the crowning moment of her husband's political career, but Suvra Mukherjee was happy to be at home as people celebrated Pranab Mukherjee's election as India's first Bengali president. In fact, she had not been keeping well since Saturday. Shubhra on the man she has been married to for 55 years and claims never to have fought with!How does it feel to be the First Lady?(Laughs) Bhaloi lagche... My daughter is here and my son will join us today. We're overwhelmed.Pranab Mukherjee is the first Bengali president. Did you congratulate him?No, no. We are not like today's couples. It's not a lovey-dovey relationship and we don't express our emotions overtly. It's all in the mind and heart. We don't really indulge in small love talk. At our age, it's more about depending on each other wholeheartedly. His love for me is different. Every day, after his bath he comes to me, touches my forehead and recites some mantras. He does this every day of the year and yesterday was no exception. This is how he expresses his love. We've been married for 55 years and we haven't fought for a single day!Any special gifts for him on the D-Day?What else other than love...Did you wear a new sari given by him?Why will I wear a new sari? I'll wear what I don on any other day of the year, nothing special. And he's never bought me a sari. He is different from others. He is a workaholic, work is his life. Outside work, he's a voracious reader and is deep into books all the time.Any special dish you cooked for him?I would have loved to cook his favourite dishes myself, but my health didn't allow that. But he loves aloo posto and jhinge posto. All these were cooked according to my recipes yesterday.Have you discussed with him how you want to do up the rooms in Rashtrapati Bhawan?No. He is far from these things. I only decide on household matters. When we came to Delhi, we had very few things but now there are so many... let's see how we go about it. My tanpura-harmonium are precious to me and I hope they are shifted with proper care. We still need to figure out in which room to set up the mandir.Who were you missing the most yesterday?I lost a son right after birth... (after a pause) I'm really missing him a lot today. My in-laws and my mother would have been very happy to see him as president. But I know their blessings are with him. My Ma used to tell me, \"I'm sure that someday my son-in-law will become a minister, he'll be a very accomplished person.\" I used to tell her not to say such things. But her logic was, \"You can't do anything for your country unless you have the required capability and power.\" And today, her jamai is the president... Ma would have been over the moon if she were alive to witness all this today. Indira Gandhi would also have been happy for him.Your take on Mamata Banerjee not supporting Pranab Mukherjee at first?I am apolitical. I stay 10 lakh feet away from politics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15114497", "title": "Cell towers: HC notices to Centre, Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Monday issued notices to the Centre and the Delhi government on a plea to ban high-frequency mobile phone towers in residential areas as its radiation causes health hazards.Justice Rajiv Shakdher sought response from the telecommunication department, the chief secretary of the Delhi government and a leading mobile service provider by January 14, 2013.The court's direction came on a plea of Ramnath Garg seeking the imposition of ban on installation of high-frequency mobile phone towers within 50 metres of schools, hospitals and residential areas.Appearing for the Centre, additional solicitor general Rajeeve Mehra and standing counsel Sumeet Pushkarna assured the bench they would treat the petition as an issue of public concern.\"The radiation from cellphone towers causes different type of swelling in brain, head, hearing disorder, headache and anxiety neurosis... but no action is taken for the safety of the persons living around the towers,\" the petition said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "15114951", "title": "Prasad takes over as J&K; police chief", "text": "SRINAGAR: Ashok Prasad on Monday took over as the new Jammu &amp; Kashmir police chief. The 1979 batch Andhra Pradesh cadre IPS officer had earlier served as Intelligence Bureau chief in the state in the 1990s.He replaced K Rajendra, who took over the interim charge after DGP Kuldeep Khoda's retirement in June.Prasad would head the country's largest police force till January 2016.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15115081", "title": "Muslim-Bodo mistrust exists for many decades", "text": "GUWAHATI: Located on the western edge of Assam along the state's border with West Bengal on the west and Bhutan on the north, Kokrajhar district is a cauldron of simmering communal tension. Four ethnic clashes over the last 60 years - involving the Bodos, the first human race in this part of the country, Bengali-speaking Muslims and adivasis - have been borne out of mistrust among the communities.The mistrust is based on land - while Bodos continue to seek a separate political identity, the non-Bodo groups live in apprehension of losing their land and getting ousted and their resistance is manifested in waves of clashes. \"All the clashes are of similar nature. The mistrust is so high that just a small spark is enough to create an inferno,\" a top Assam Police officer said. He added: \"Dozens of people are rendered homeless in every such clash, but we have seen that these people return to their land even after living for 10 years in relief camps.\"The only marked difference in the current clashes is that so far no Bodo militant element has been found to be involved. Additional director general of police (special branch) Khagen Sarmah said: \"Most people have been killed by ordinary citizens. Some have been shot and there could be unaccounted arms here and there, but we have not seen any involvement of militants.\"The current clash is also a result of mistrust, the seeds of which were sowed a few months ago. Much before the flare-up on Friday, one 'fake' NDFB militant was killed at Howraguri in Kokrajhar district on May 25, while he was extorting money from a Muslim. The slain militant was not only found to be fake, but he was a Muslim.On June 30, a Muslim carpenter was killed in Sapkata in the district and all the people of the community took out a rally with the body of the deceased and blamed the dominant Bodo tribals for the crime. The killers were later found to be members of an adivasi militant outfit. On July 5, two more Muslims were killed at Antihara under Dotoma police station in the district and this time, too, the killers were not Bodos but from the Kamatapur Liberation Organization (KLO). However, the Muslims' backlash against the Bodos only gained momentum, which culminated in the killing of four Bodo youths last Friday. The next day, three more Bodos, all elderly persons, were killed.It was in 1952 when the Bodos first clashed with Muslims. But then, the Bodos were only a part of a larger battle between the Hindus and Muslims when several Muslims wanted to join parts of Assam, mainly Goalpara district, with East Pakistan. Kokrajhar was then part of the undivided Goalpara district. In 1993 and 1994, Bodos clashed again with Muslims after the Bodo Accord, giving autonomy to the Bodos, was signed by the Centre. The clash was termed as 'ethnic cleansing' by the then state government. More than 100 people were killed and at least 60,000 others from both the communities were rendered homeless. The Accord did not work out, but the scars of the hatred only deepened.The genesis of the mistrust lies in the Bodos seeking a separate political identity, which range from autonomy to separate state and even sovereignty. Their struggle for separate identity dates back to 1960s. They struggled for recognition of Bodo as an official language of the state, which was granted in 1976. Their hardened stand to attain separate identity made other coexisting communities apprehensive of losing their land. As the accord of 1993 failed, Bodos resumed their struggle for identity and turned so fierce that there were merciless killing of Santhals in two back-to-back clashes in 1996 and 1998, when over 300 people were killed and more than 3 lakh rendered homeless. The last time the Bodos clashed with the Muslim was in 2008, but that was far away from the heartland in Udalguri district, where the dominant Bodos are surrounded by areas dominated by Muslims. The two major non-Bodo land owners in the Bodo heartland are the adivasis and the Bengali-speaking Muslims. While the adivasis have occupied the forest areas, the Bengali-speaking Muslims live on the chars (riverine areas) and nearby land. The population of Bodos, which is largest tribal group among the 23 notified STs, is just over 5% of total population of the state while Muslims constitute nearly 33% of the population.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15115252", "title": "Fight against politics of social tension: Nitish", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar on Monday exhorted the JD(U) and BJP workers to fight against those who were trying to create social tension in the state.Addressing a meeting of the workers of the two parties at 1, Anne Marg, Nitish criticized the Centre for denying Bihar its rights. Deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi, chiefs of the state JD(U) and the BJP and a host of ministers attended the meeting, which was called to bridge any difference between the two allies after acrimonious exchange of statements from both sides of the ruling coalition recently. Over a month back, the NDA workers' meeting had been abruptly cancelled amid brewing tension between the two allies. The relationship between the two parties had soured following Nitish's interview in which he insisted that only a secular person should be projected by the NDA as its prime ministerial candidate.While stressing that no politics could be pursued by fanning social tension, the CM craftily sent the message to around 900 workers of the two parties from Munger, Lakhisarai, Jamui and Sheikhpura districts that their basic aim should be to maintain and strengthen socio-communal harmony for peace and to achieve development targets.\"People are experiencing the positive changes in the state. There are some forces which are trying to vitiate the social atmosphere. The people are, however, not in a mood to go back to the dark era of social tension and bloodletting,\" he told them and asked the NDA workers to use power at their disposal to firmly check such negative attempts to hit the social unity and cohesion.Nitish also lashed out at the Centre for denying justice to Bihar. \"Bihar is growing despite Delhi's non-cooperation. The Centre is creating only hurdles in our way to progress. Denial of coal linkage to power plant is one such example,\" he said.In an oblique reference to the criticism by a section that the Centre had some dealing with Nitish for supporting Pranab Mukherjee in Presidential election, the CM said, \"If we are getting Rs 28,000 crore plan size, it is our right and not the Centre's mercy.\"Modi, too, said despite many odds Bihar was progressing. He particularly mentioned about the record foodgrain production and claimed that the state was progressing at the rate of 16%. Over 50 workers of both the parties expressed their views.A JD(U) leader said though there had been some bitterness recently and the last NDA workers' meeting got embroiled in that controversy and it was eventually cancelled, \"now there is bonhomie\" among the allies. \"The NDA workers have been asked to work in cohesion and take the government's programmes and policies to the people,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15118465", "title": "Anandi\u2019s feelings towards Shiv change in Balika!", "text": "Anandi seems to be finally warming up to Shiv after his many attempts on Colors TV's Balika Vadhu.On tonight's episode, love will finally bloom between Shiv and Anandi as Shiv gives a helping hand to Anandi in mending a broken cowshed.Anandi sees Shiv getting drenched in the rains and she immediately offers him a change of clothes to ensure he does not catch a cold. She goes a step further by offering Shiv some hot tea and pakodas.Does this mean that their much awaited wedding is round the corner? When contacted, both Pratyusha (Anandi) and Siddharth Shukla (Shiv) remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15114146", "title": "Congress slams CM for U-turn on illegal mining", "text": "PANAJI: Stepping up the pressure on the four-month-old government, the Congress has labelled the BJP as corrupt for its volte-face on illegal mining.Congress spokesperson Jitendra Deshprabhu criticised chief minister Manohar Parrikar for authoring an official document on illegal mining as Public Accounts Committee (PAC) chief when he was the leader of opposition, but was now claiming there was no illegal mining in the state when he is the chief minister.He also stated that Parrikar was yet to implement the recommendation of his PAC report. Hinting at Congress' complicity in the earlier mining scam, he also said, \"The people who were at the helm of affairs then are in collusion with those in power today.\"\"Read between the lines,\" was Deshprabhu's reply when asked to name the individuals from the previous government who were involved.The former NCP candidate for the 2009 Lok Sabha poll said the leak of the PAC report prevented its being made part of the legislative process. He said he had managed to access a copy of the report on the internet and was shocked to find his name in the report. \"This calls for a rebuttal,\" he said.He slammed Parrikar for his role in the Mala land scam and said \"a loss of Rs 2,998 crore had been caused to the exchequer by leasing land for 60 years at Re 1 to a Gujarat company, Kanak infrastructure, that had been blacklisted by the Economic Development Corporation \".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15113722", "title": "Medical Council of India challenges HC order on additional medical seats", "text": "The Medical Council of India (MCI) on Monday filed a writ petition in the high court challenging the order of a single judge who had directed it to grant an additional 100 seats to Osmania and Kakatiya medical colleges. According to the Medical Council of India, there would be practical difficulties in implementing the court order as the last date for the MCI to make its recommendations was June 15 and for the government to declare the additional seats was July 15.It is therefore pleaded that such an exercise would disturb the entire admission schedule and would be in violation of the directions of the apex court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15115232", "title": "Govt to set up panel to look into speed governors issue", "text": "PUNE: The state government has decided to set up a committee to study the grievances of commercial transporters regarding installation of speed governors on their vehicles.Deputy RTO Sanjay Dhaygude said the mandatory installation of speed governors in commercial vehicles in the state has been put off till October 31, as per a government resolution received on July 18.\"However, this order does not apply to school buses,\" he added.\"Now, a state-level committee will be formed in Mumbai to study the problems expressed by transporters in installing speed governors. Transporters had raised several issues; all these issues will be studied,\" Dhaygude said.In an earlier notification, speed governors had been made mandatory for tankers and dumpers from July 1, and for school buses from May 1. The 20,000-odd commercial vehicles in the city were to go on an indefinite strike from July 17 in protest against the mandatory installation of speed governors. But the strike was withdrawn after the state transport department put off its decision to implement installation of speed governors by about three months.Around 5,000 vehicles in the state, including school buses, tempos, dumpers and tankers, ferrying essentials such as milk, vegetables, diesel and petrol had stopped plying as they had been deemed ineligible for the fitness certificate for not having speed governors.\"We started giving fitness certificates to tankers and dumpers as soon as we were notified of the new order,\" Dhaygude said.Rajendra Rajput, chairman of the Pune Zilla Motor Transport Association, said the committee will include officials from the transport commissioner's office in Mumbai and representatives of the district, state and country-level transport associations. \"Transporters will stick to their demand of not installing speed governors as this rule is not applicable across the country,\" he added.Transporters had earlier said that once the speed governors were installed in heavy goods vehicles in the state, they would be at a disadvantage compared to those from neighboring states. They said that speed governors would cut the average speed of the vehicles by 50%, which would make them ply at approximately 50 km/ hour instead of the usual 70-80 km/hour. This would increase the time to deliver perishable goods such as milk and vegetables, thus leading to losses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15114364", "title": "HC stays proceedings against Bhatt", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court on Monday stayed its order rejecting suspended DIG Sanjiv Bhatt's plea to shelve criminal proceedings initiated against him and six other cops in a 1990 custodial death case.Justice R H Shukla stayed his order for three weeks after Bhatt's counsel I H Syed requested to defer implementation so the suspended cop could move the Supreme Court regarding the matter.\"As a result of the stay, all proceedings against Bhatt will also be stayed till August 13, which were likely to be initiated in a Jamnagar sessions court,\" the lawyer said.Bhatt is facing trial in a Jamkhambhalia sessions court in connection with 1990 alleged custodial death, where one person - Prabhudas Vaishnani died of renal failure after he and others were detained following communal riots.The state government continued to protect the cops till last year, until Bhatt implicated chief minister Narendra Modi in the 2002 riots. After Bhatt's revelations, the government sought to withdraw its protection by withdrawing a revision application from the sessions court paving the way for a trial against the cops.After the state government allegedly changed its stand last year, Bhatt moved the high court against imminent criminal process in the Jamkhambhalia court.The suspended officer fought a legal battle to assert that he had a right to file a revision application on his own, but when it was rejected by the trial court, he moved the HC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15115555", "title": "When Pandavas left Ludhiana awestruck", "text": "LUDHIANA: Designs from the south are stitching their way up in the city.The vivid colours and motifs that commonly adorn Kanjivaram saris, which have their roots in a small town of Kanchipuram in Tamil Nadu, are nowadays gracing Punjabi suits and lehngas. A fashion designer who runs a boutique here specializes in giving Kanjivaram touch to Punjabi dresses.\"Punjabi and south Indian costumes and designs, which are poles apart, are blending. When I had started the venture, many people dissuaded me from trying it, saying a hard-core Punjabi city like Ludhiana would never accept it. But the result has been quite a contrast... Ludhianvi women have appreciated the experiment,\" Pallavi Pai, 28, who hails from Tamil Nadu, said.The most popular designs are tribal, gold, palace, peacock and parrot motifs; paintings pattern and famous scenes from Ramayana, Bhagwad Gita and Mahabharata in traditional art form.\"It's the handmade embroidery that captures the Kanjivaram magic on suits. My grandmother and mother wore these saris and gave me the unique idea. The saris have typical patterns, heavy zari work on border and at times this work is done with gold-dipped silver threads. I have a collection of these old saris... I am replicating their designs on Punjabi apparel,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15114089", "title": "After Adarsh, Ramanand Tiwari in RTI row", "text": "MUMBAI: Retired senior IAS officer Ramanand Tiwari, who is facing criminal prosecution in the Adarsh society case, may also face flak for not deciding an appeal under the Right to Information (RTI) Act as the state information commissioner in 2010 within the 45-day deadline.In fact, the appeal remains undecided almost two years after it was heard. On October 26, 2010, a day after the TOI expose on Adarsh, Tiwari, as the then state information commission, had heard social activist Anandji Joshi's appeal under the RTI. But his order remains elusive, said Joshi, who has since sent three reminders and has now written to Ratnakar Gaikwad, chief information commissioner of Maharashtra, seeking answers for the \"inordinate and unwarranted delay.\"A defiant Tiwari was suspended in January 2011 as the state information commissioner after he refused to abide by the government's order to quit over his alleged involvement in the Adarsh scam. He retired later that year. He was in charge of the urban development department when the 31-storey building got crucial clearances.The second appeal was against reply of assistant police commissioner (west region) and DCP (zone 9) in Mumbai. In his original application in January 2010, Joshi sought details and status of a criminal case 503/1990. The police had referred to this case in another matter involving an attempted break-in into Joshi's Khar house, he said. He received no details and was instead asked by KMM Prasanna, then designated officer for first appeals under RTI for the police, to approach the state information commissioner.When Joshi did approach Tiwari, he said he was made to wait three hours beyond his appointed time and said that the commissioner \"ended the hearing early\" without even seeking the presence of the police officers, when the applicant made enquiries about his son Omkar's connection with Adarsh flat allotments. As it turned out, Tiwari's son Omkar was one of the 103 members of the tainted Adarsh housing society. Joshi, who spoke to TOI, said he received no reply to any of his reminders and even to his recent letter to Gaikwad.To Gaikwad, Joshi asked if \"senior bureaucrats are appointed as information officers to protect their personal interests\". Joshi said he had filed complaints with the governor against Tiwari, when he refused to resign. He has asked Gaikwad if his pending appeal would be dealt with fairly or would remain inconclusive forever.When TOI contacted Gaikwad was his comments, he was not reachable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15115545", "title": "State wasted NRHM fund of Rs 409 crore", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The status report on the performance of the first phase of the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) published by the Centre says that Kerala has not utilized an amount of Rs 408.90 crore out of the Rs 1682.27 crore sanctioned.The worst phase of the NRHM fund uitlization in the state was during the period between 2006 and 2009 as per the status report. During 2006-07, the state did not utilize Rs 119.36 crore, in 2007-08, Rs.269.18 crore and during 2008-09, Rs.160.86 crore.However, between 2010 and 2012 the state had performed so well that it utilized the sanctioned fund and in addition to this it spent more funds from the state's share. During 2010-11 the state spent Rs153.79 crore above the sanctioned amount and Rs 36.18 crore during 2011-12.The first phase of the NRHM started in 2005 was completed by March, 2012, after the implementation of various schemes for seven years. As per the guidelines of the NRHM, the unspent amount of each year cannot be carried over and the unspent amount will be deducted from the demand made by the state in the subsequent year. Hence the impact of loss is even severe since if the state had fully utilized the sanctioned amount each year, the state would have received more funds the subsequent year.The state was sanctioned a fund of Rs 110.08 crore in 2005-06, Rs 151.40 crore in 2006-07, Rs 293.85 crore in 2007-08, Rs 222.88 crore in 2008-09, Rs 237.61 crore in 2009-10, Rs 253.42 crore in 2010-11 and Rs 413 crore in 2011-12.A total of Rs 1682.27 crore was sanctioned by the government under NRHM to Kerala in seven years. The state has not utilized more funds meant for augmenting the facilities of hospitals, community monitoring and new initiatives to be implemented in the health sector of the state. The state wasted Rs 144.63 crore in 2007-08 which was allotted for this purpose. In 2006-07 it wasted Rs 69.34 crore and in 2008-09 it did not utilize Rs 68.7 crore.In the reproductive child health programme the state did not utilize a fund of Rs 21.57 crore in 2005-06, Rs 39.01 crore (06-07), Rs 36.98 crore (07-08), Rs 35.14 crore (08-09), Rs 27.13 crore (09-10), Rs.28.40 crore (10-11) and Rs 71.06 crore in 2011-12. It is not just Kerala that has wasted the funds. Andhra Pradesh made a similar lapse to the tune of Rs 576.94 crore, Punjab, Rs 504.59 crore, Tamil Nadu, Rs 565.95 crore and West Bengal is the worst, with Rs 1480.01 crore unspent amount in seven years. These states come under the non-high focus category of the NRHM. Only states like Gujarat and Karnataka have been successful in utilizing the entire amount sanctioned by the Centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15114566", "title": "Ashok Gehlot tells government employees to quit gutkha", "text": "JAIPUR: Less than a week after the state government put a complete ban on gutkha, chief minister Ashok Gehlot on Monday told the secretariat employees not to consume gutkha in their rooms.During the oath-taking ceremony of the working committee, the chief minister also made them take a pledge against consumption of gutkha.Motivating the employees, Gehlot said, \"The secretariat employees can set an example for seven lakh employees in the state.\"During his speech, CM said, the state government is reexamining the housing policy for the secretariat employees. Also, the compensation amount for the employees who died in duty has been raised to Rs 20 lakh from Rs 1.5 lakh. He added, so far the state government has left no stone unturned in providing compensatory jobs.He also assured to heed the long-pending demand for promotions in the state. He added \"Blocking the roads and disturbing the life of other citizens is not an appropriate way to get one's demands fulfilled.\"He recalled that during the budget session 2012-13, the state government has announced 52,118 new posts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15114782", "title": "CBI team to visit US to record statement of Edmond Allen, ex-partner of arms dealer Abhishek Verma", "text": "NEW DELHI: A CBI team will travel to the US to record the statement of Attorney C Edmond Allen, estranged partner of alleged arms-dealer Abhishek Verma, as he has refused to come here on the agency's request.Allen has been forwarding explosive documents to CBI about Verma for the past few weeks, including some `sensitive' documents. The agency had approached Allen to record his statement formally in the case.A top official in agency said, \"Allen has said that it's convenient for him to give his statement in the US only\".CBI had booked Verma in a fresh case alleging that he took $530,000 from Swiss firm Rheinmetall Air Defence AG (RAD) on the promise that he would use his influence to stall blacklisting proceedings initiated by the government against it after the Ordnance Factory Board scam came to light.Allen has been cooperating with CBI for the past few weeks forwarding several taped conversations that were held between him and Verma in the past. CBI has also approached the ministry of defence (MoD) to check the authenticity of these documents and to ascertain whether any charge is made out against Verma in these letters sent by Allen.Allen was a majority stakeholder in Ganton USA and Ganton India, which were alleged to be front companies of Verma. Verma's Romanian wife Anca Neascu was a director in Ganton India. Verma, who along with his wife are in judicial custody, recently moved a Delhi court against Allen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15115245", "title": "Bhopal residents wake up to \u2018dark\u2019 morning", "text": "BHOPAL: The city residents had a tough time grappling with the frequent power cuts on Monday morning. However, the Central Region Power Distribution Company refuted the claim and said power cuts have not taken place.Pushpa Makhija, a resident of E-7, said she was actually groped in the dark and had problem preparing lunch for her grandson. They could not operate sandwich maker or geyser due to erratic power supply. \"The previous night, there were three power cuts. Later, in the morning when I got up there was no power at all,\" she rued.However, M S Yadav superintendent engineer of the Central Region Power Distribution Company and in charge of Bhopal city, \"No such power cuts took place. I have been monitoring the situation on hour to hour basis.\" However, the general impression in the city is that the company \"trips\" the power as soon as it starts raining in Bhopal.Yadav said \"We did it twice in the past during the pre-monsoon showers when rainfall was accompanied by high velocity winds. It, otherwise, is not the practice. This is done as a precautionary measure.\"He said that there might be individual complaints of consumers but by and large, there is no major complaint related to power supply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "15118568", "title": "Krishna to undertake three-day visit to Pakistan from Sept 7", "text": "ISLAMABAD: External affairs minister S M Krishna will undertake a three-day visit to Pakistan from September 7 to review the second round of the bilateral dialogue process with his counterpart Hina Rabbani Khar.Indian high commissioner Sharat Sabharwal met Pakistan's foreign secretary Jalil Abbas Jilani on Tuesday and informed him about the dates for Krishna's visit, diplomatic sources said.The dates for the visit were earlier suggested by the foreign office.The Indian envoy and Jilani also discussed bilateral issues, including preparations for Krishna's visit.Krishna will review the dialogue process, which resumed last year after a gap of over two years in the wake of the Mumbai attacks, during a meeting with Khar on September 8, the sources said.Following the review, Krishna and Khar are expected to prepare the framework for the third round of the resumed dialogue.During his stay in Islamabad, Krishna is expected to call on President Asif Ali Zardari , Prime Minister Raja Pervez Ashraf and some key political leaders, including PML-N chief Nawaz Sharif and PML-Q lader Chaudhary Shujaat Hussain.Following the resumption of the dialogue process, India and Pakistan have made significant progress in normalising trade relations.Islamabad recently switched to a negative list regime for trade with Delhi, paving the way for giving India Most Favoured Nation-status by the beginning of next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "mhow", "code": "15115275", "title": "Accused in Rs 1.5 crore theft case produced in Mhow court", "text": "MHOW: The main accused in the Rs 1.5 crore theft in a shop in Mhow market was produced in Mhow court on Monday and later remanded to police custody for three days. During the interrogation of some the gang members who were arrested earlier, it was revealed that Sohan Singh son of Bhilam (35) was the kingpin of the gang.Mhow TI Nagendra Singh Bais told that as Sohan was already in Harda jail, Mhow police had sought for his production warrant. He was produced in the court of K S Shakya in Mhow court.The theft had been committed at Vardhman Handloom and house (above the shop) of Nilesh Shah in the Main street area on the intervening night of February 28 and 29, early this year. The thieves who managed to enter the building after breaking open the rear window, decamped with Rs 23 lakh cash and gold and silver jewelry.Police had interrogated a large number of history-sheeters from the region in connection with the theft but failed. Later, on the basis of the call details from the nearby towers, the culprits were nabbed.Gulab Singh, Noor Singh, Nilesh, Pawan, Yashwant and Chabri Bai, the wife of Sohan were taken into custody.When they were interrogated, they accepted having committed thefts including the one at Vardhman Handloom.Thereafter, a team was sent along with the thieves to Ratlam and Sohan's native place Gandhwani in Dhar district. From his house, the police recovered 1.3 kg of gold along with Rs 1.30 lakh cash.The police also seized a country made pistol, a sword, a knife and Tata Safari SUV.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15115187", "title": "Constables show riot control skills", "text": "PATNA: In all, 176 newly-recruited constables, including nine women, who had undergone training in controlling rioting mob showed their skills at the BMP-10 ground here on Monday.The new recruits were sent to the BMP-10 campus to undergo riot control training by the Patna police. Constables lifted their batons and charged to show how minimum force is used to disperse a mob with cry of 'hato, hato...' (get away). As part of the training, a constable has to hit on the leg of people constituting a mob.Again, constables donning protective gear like helmet, chest guard and gloves showed how they control an attacking crowd. A mock drill of how constables tackle a violent procession tossing brickbats and advancing towards the police force was presented. When lathi-wielding cops in the front failed to handle the crowd, which kept on advancing towards the prohibited area, shouting 'anti-government slogans', the gun-wielding constables took charge and fired shots. The drill earned accolades from spectators as cops also helped the 'injured' by providing first aid and then removing them to nearby makeshift hospital. This apart, a fire tender was also pressed to sprinkle water on the 'rampaging mob' to disperse it. The drill was effectively managed by inspector Anugrah Narain Singh.Commandant, BMP-10, P N Mishra said the new recruits were trained in the nitty-gritty of riot control in 30 days. During training, the new recruits were not only trained in the tricks of baton charging but also briefed about the value of human rights, key sections of Indian Penal Code (IPC), and first aid. Mishra added this was the third group which had undergone training in controlling riot. Earlier, one company each from Bhojpur and Patna underwent such training.A handbook of riot control squads' training was also released by ADG, BMP, Abhay K Upadhayay, who was the chief guest on the occasion.Speaking on the occasion, the ADG congratulated sepoys for exhibiting effective skills of riot control. Agitating people should be handled with caution, he said and added that cops must always be conscious of human rights. The new recruits were also administered oath of abiding by the Indian constitution.IG, BMP, Jitendra Kumar was also present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15114567", "title": "UP tops in complaints to anti-ragging helpline", "text": "NEW DELHI: Uttar Pradesh tops the list of states with 307 complaints against ragging recorded by the National Anti-Ragging Helpline. West Bengal comes second with 200 complaints while Madhya Pradesh was third with 115 cases.This is based on the data generated between June 2009 and May 2012 by the helpline, which is run by Aman Satya Kachroo Trust, which has been appointed by the University Grants Commission (UGC) to monitor the ragging prevention programme for one year. The helpline received 1,403 complaints during three-year period. The data shows that maximum complaints (666) were related to engineering colleges while complaints from general colleges were 469.\"Incidence of ragging is also high in medical colleges. The number of cases is increasing every year, but it does not mean that ragging is increasing. Simply, more people are now gathering courage to complain. The number of complaints should increase this year and peak next year before we see a decline,\" said Raj Kachroo, founder of the trust named after his son Aman, who died due to ragging in a medical college in Kangra in Himachal Pradesh.Kachroo had designed the programme to address ragging in education institutions three years back, and it will be launched by human resource development minister Kapil Sibal on Thursday. \"Anyone can call us on 18001805522 any time and we promise help to them. We will follow up on each complaint,\" Kachroo said.The call centre is one of the three components of the anti-ragging programme. The second is creation of data sets of universities, colleges, students and parents. The third component involves creating awareness through mass media, localized email/SMS campaigns, visits and lectures.Kachroo said, \"This kind of work does not happen by moving files from one desk to another and sending letters through government post. It is a technology-driven project. We have developed customized call centre management software where procedures are imbedded in the software. For example, a complaint will not get closed until we have a recorded consent of the complainant to close the case. All communications with college authorities/police/students etc will be logged. College authorities will be informed within minutes of recording a complaint. For serious complaints, local police will be informed. No complaint will remain unattended.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15113312", "title": "Rakesh Sawant making film on Laila Khan's life", "text": "MUMBAI: Filmmaker Rakesh Sawant is making a film on the life of actress Laila Khan.Sawant, who gave Laila a break in his film Wafa opposite Rajesh Khanna , told TOI, \"I knew the entire family including her mother, sister and Parvez Tak who has been arrested for the murder.\"Sawant has approached Pakistani actress Veena Malik to play Laila's role.Another Pakistani actress Salma Agha is being considered to play the role of Laila's mother Selina Patel.Sawant said, \"My sister Rakhi Sawant will be playing the role of Laila's elder sister Azmina.\"Sawant, who has spent a lot of time with Laila's family, said \"I have partied with Laila after the release of Wafa at her Igatpuri Bungalow where I met Parvez Tak. Tak seemed to have total control over all the women of Laila's family.\"Sawant said,\"I was the first one to say that Laila had been killed and stories about her escaping to Dubai were false.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "15114423", "title": "Increased vegetable, fodder cultivation to mitigate rain scarcity", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Gujarat government plans to increase the area under vegetable and fodder cultivation as a mitigation measure to deal with scanty rainfall in the state. It has also expressed that a programme be undertaken on these lines be undertaken under Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MNREGA).These suggestions were made by representatives of the state government at a national-level meeting in New Delhi organized by the union agriculture ministry on Saturday. It was chaired by agriculture secretary Ashish Bahuguna.\"There is no need of spending money on things like road metalling and earth works. Instead we must increase vegetable production on city peripheries to help control vegetable prices. We can easily do that on an additional 50,000 hectares in the state and the increase in vegetable production would be about 20 lakh tons,\" said an official. He further added that the state can bring an additional one lakh hectares under fodder production.Officials say that the state also wants relaxation under MNREGA norms if it has to link additional vegetable and fodder cultivation to the Act. \"The Act calls for proposals to be submitted one year in advance regarding works to be undertaken. This is not possible in the scenario that we are envisaging.\"Officials disclosed that no major decisions were taken at the meeting and the central government has called for routine measures like monitoring for the time being and taking measures under the Rashtriya Krishi Vikas Yojana (RKVY). Officials are attributing indecision by the centre to the strain between agriculture minister Sharad Pawar and the rest of the UPA government. Ten states that are facing a rain deficiency this year had representatives present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15113712", "title": "4 years after CAG rap, MMRDA recovering Bandra-Kurla Complex rent fine", "text": "MUMBAI: The MMRDA has started recovering fines from 34 land holders in the Bandra-Kurla Complex, four years after the CAG raised objections on the agency's failure to collect penalty for delayed rent.The authority was to recover Rs 7.24 crore as interest for delayed payment of premium from the original lessees, who were handed over the plots for commercial use between 1997 and 2006. So far, Rs 3.5 crore has been recovered and the rest would be completed soon, according to a report of the Public Accounts Committee. The report was tabled in the legislative assembly on Monday.According to the report, the MMRDA had leased out plots originally to seven lessees including Citi Bank, Small Industrial Bank of India, Dena Bank, Canara Bank , IDBI, SBI and Bank of India. However, the annual rent was not recovered from them by the agency. In some cases, it was delayed up to 38 months. \"Under the lease agreement, the authority had the power to recover the delayed rent but it did not insert a clause in the agreement that could have allowed it to collect interest on it,\" said the report.The report has mentioned instances in several departments where official negligence has caused losses to the state exchequer. It has also criticized various departments, including the urban development, women and child and home for accounting errors and misappropriation. The PAC has demanded an action taken report on the objections it has raised.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15116833", "title": "Anirban takes home new-found confidence", "text": "NEW DELHI: Anirban Lahiri ended a dream week at The Open Championship on Sunday with a new self-belief that he can stand his ground against the world's best players.The 25-year-old signed off his major debut with a battling three-over-par 73 on a tough day at Royal Lytham and St Annes, finishing on three-over-par 283 and well ahead of the likes of former Open champions Padraig Harrington and Paul Lawrie and Rory McIlroy and Lee Westwood , ranked second and third in the world respectively.\"I won't be intimidated anymore. If I can come here and hold my ground, I can hold it in any event and any field looking into the future,\" said Lahiri, who is a two-time Asian Tour winner.\"I am so much richer from the experience and confidence that I have gained this week. I think I've gained a lot of respect from the players. I think I can rate my game a bit higher now than when I came here initially.\"I feel I can come out here and play well, whether in Europe or America. I played with three different PGA Tour players this week and the same thing that Arjun (Atwal, who plays in the US) tells us, if you can shoot five or six under in India , you can do it in America as well. That's the attitude that I should bring.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15114729", "title": "Govt asks ministries, departments to adhere to austerity measures", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government's austerity drive announced a few months ago has run into trouble with the finance ministry discovering that rules were flouted by ministries and departments.In a fresh office memorandum issued last week, the department of expenditure said that from now on, for holding any international seminar and paying for travel and hotel expenses of delegates, it will be mandatory for ministries and departments to obtain approval of the expenditure secretary or the cabinet secretary irrespective of the amount of expenditure to be incurred.As part of the austerity drive, the government had put restrictions on foreign travel of ministers and official delegations and had put expenditure curbs on holding national or international seminars. Cutting down on such expenditure, in addition to a total ban on creation of plan and non-plan posts, was expected to save the government at least Rs 1,000 crore.Before the fresh instructions were issued by the department of expenditure, it was found that some ministries had organized international conferences and paid for travel and accommodation of foreign delegates where it was not allowed. It was done without approval of either the expenditure secretary or the cabinet secretary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15113628", "title": "Soon, policy on co-operative banks", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government has decided to draft a policy to curb malpractices in co-operative banks. This was announced by co-operation minister Harshvardhan Patil in the state legislative council on Monday. Patil was replying to debate on the six district banks facing losses. The debate was initiated by Pandurang Phundkar (BJP). \"It is observed that director of the bank or board members employ their aides, relatives or party workers in the bank. Such things need to stop. There is a need to have recruitment of professionals. Government is working out guidelines to streamline the sector,\" Patil said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15115273", "title": "Patna University colleges trying to improve infrastructure", "text": "PATNA: Patna University (PU) colleges are striving hard to improve the infrastructural facilities on their campuses well before the commencement of classes of new batches of students admitted to undergraduate and postgraduate courses, scheduled from August 1.Steps have already been initiated for the repair and renovation of classrooms as well as hostels. Several new schemes have also been launched for improving the academic atmosphere in all these colleges.Patna Science College principal Arun Kumar Sinha said all the classrooms of different departments have been updated with latest facilities to provide a healthy academic environment to students and faculty members. Drinking water facilities have been provided in each department and proper lighting of all the departments with power back up has also been ensured.All the five hostels of the college, namely, Faraday House, Cavendish House, Newton House, Ramanujam Hostel and C V Raman Hostel, have been renovated and all the damaged furniture of these hostels have been repaired. Allotment of hostel accommodation would be done soon after the process of admission is completed.Sinha said for the first time the college organized an 'Open House' for the benefit of admission-seekers. A lecture series has also been launched, wherein eminent academics and scientists would be delivering lectures at regular interval, he said.Patna College principal Lal Keshwar Prasad Singh said it has been decided that only those students who have secured at least 60% marks in the last examination would be allotted seats in college hostels. The boarders of all the four hostels, except those of Minto Hostel, have accepted the college decision. The boarders of Minto Hostel are, however, protesting the decision. It has also been decided by the college that students of one batch will reside in one hostel. While Degree I students will be allotted seats in Nutan Chhatravas, Degree II students would be accommodated in Minto Hostel. Students of Degree III class would be allotted seats in Jackson Hostel. This arrangement has been made to avoid ragging and groupism, said the principal.The principal said he would close the college sine die rather than succumb to the pressure of a handful of rowdy students. The trouble mongers would not be allowed to stay in hostels at any cost, he said. The college has also decided to launch a lecture series in the current academic session. While litterateur Namwar Singh will deliver a lecture on July 31, former ambassador and bureaucrat Muchkund Dubey will deliver a lecture on August 11.B N College principal P K Poddar said two-hour study period (7pm to 9pm) has been made compulsory for the boarders of college hostels. Besides, students of different classes would also be required to take bimonthly tests in different subjects. The college would also introduce a new practice of students preparing a weekly news bulletin. Inter-college debate and sports would also be organized at regular intervals. The college has already decided to introduce a lecture series. The first lecture would be delivered by the former foreign minister, Yashwant Sinha , Poddar added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15114611", "title": "Liquor sale via medical shops busted", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Excise department officials have identified a racket operating in the city which uses the cover of medical shops to sell Indian-made Foreign Liquor.Following a tip-off, a special enforcement squad of excise officials in the city recently seized foreign liquor bottles from a medical shop in Puthiyappa. An Abkari case has also been registered against a staff of the medical shop who was engaged in illegal sale of liquor.Following the incident, the excise officials, started a detailed inquiry on the network of the illegal liquor traders in city, based on the information given by the arrested persons. It is suspected that the 'agents' are cashing in on the absence of beverages outlets in coastal areas like Puthiyappa. They buy large quantity of liquor from the outlets of the Kerala State Beverages Corporation and sell it through the counters of the medical shops at a higher price.Sources with the excise divisional office said there were many regular customers for the liquor in the shop at Puthiyappa. The sources said the incident cannot be considered as an isolated one and the department has alerted the special squads and inspectors against the illegal liquor trade through medical shops and other outlets in city.\"In the inspection conducted during last year, we found many shops and outlets in the interiors engaged in illegal liquor trade. But it is first time we seized liquor from a medical shop,\" said the source.'The person who was taken into custody from Puthiyappa is a member of the network of illegal liquor traders in city and we are in search for other members in the racket', said the source.According to the data available with the Excise Range office, Kozhikode, the numbers of Abkari cases registered in city are comparatively less when we consider the number of cases in the interiors of the district. But, the majority of the cases which are registered in city are registered for keeping more than allowed quantity of liquor bottles.Sources at the Excise Inspector office said, a total of 76 Abkari cases registered in a short period of last six months here and majority of cases are registered for bulk purchasing of the liquor bottles from outlets in city. These liquor bottles are mainly using for the retail purposes in the outskirts of city', said source at Excise office.As part of pre-Onam drive against illicit liquor which has already been launched in the district, the special squads of excise have started inspections in various centres in city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15114286", "title": "Walia cancels trip abroad after protests over outages", "text": "NEW DELHI: After Congress received a major drubbing in the municipal polls this year, its MLAs are now going out of their way to keep their constituencies in good humour before the 2013 assembly elections.Delhi health minister A K Walia, who represents the Laxmi Nagar constituency, has cancelled his trip to United States scheduled for July 21 after locals protested outside his housefollowing a major power breakdown in the area.Walia was to accompany Delhi chief secretary P K Tripathi and principal health secretary Anshu Prakash to a five-day conference on HIV Aids organized by United Nations in Washington DC.\"Constituency is always our priority. I could not have left for US leaving people protesting outside my house,\" said Walia.On late Friday night, barely four hours before Walia's flight at 1.30am on July 21, close to 250 residents assembled outside his house shouting slogans forcing the minister to call the cops to control the mob. Some 15 blocks of the area had reportedly faced a power cut for 5-8 hours that day.\"The residents who were facing acute power cuts for the past 15 days lost their cool on Friday night. Finding the discom's complaint office closed, they got infuriated and rushed to my place. Now, I am personally monitoring the power situation in my area,\" said Walia.This, however, is not the first time that Walia called off a foreign trip due to an emergency in the constituency. When a building collapsed in Lalita Park in November 2010, Walia was suppose to leave for Lao People's Democratic Republic in South Asia. Walia was a special invitee of the government to the country's 450th anniversary celebrations.Earlier, Balram Tanwar, the MLA from Chattarpur constituency, had opted out of a family holiday abroad to attend to work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15114449", "title": "Mother, son die in old city house collapse", "text": "LUCKNOW: A mother-son duo were killed when their house collapsed at Baba Ki Baghhiya locality on Faizabad Road in Hasanganj police station area after rain lashed some parts of the city on Monday evening. The victims were identified as Rashmi Bala Srivastava (54), and her son Nikhil Srivastava alias Anshu (24), both residents of Baba Ki Baghiya, Faizabad Road, a few metres away from IT Crossing. The incident took place around 5.30 pm, circle officer Habibul Hasan said and added that Rashmi Bala was a wireless messenger with wireless department.The house in which Rashmi Bala lived with his son was part of a big house owned by retired Lucknow University professor Rajendra Prasad . In all, seven families were living in the house. Sources said that owing to families fighting a legal battle with the landlord, no maintenance work had taken place in the 40-year-old house.On Monday, after rain lashed some parts of the city, the roof of the first floor of a portion collapsed. Probably due to the impact of the same, the roof of the ground floor of the house in which Rashmi Bala and Nikhil were residing also caved in.Both got buried under the rubble. The police on receiving the information rushed to the spot along with fire tenders and started the rescue operation. Both Rashmi Bala and Nikhil were finally taken out from the debris after around three hours of the efforts by the police and local residents. The two were then rushed to Ram Manohar Lohiya Hospital, where the doctors declared them dead, the circle officer further said.Nikhil, according to the police, was pursuing his computer education from Inset Institute of Computer Management at Kapoorthala Crossing. No one else came under the debris of the house, confirmed the circle officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15115246", "title": "Bioinformatics students get job cards", "text": "PATNA: As many as 16 students of Patna University (PU) were given multipurpose job cards at the inaugural function of postgraduate diploma course in bioinformatics here on Monday. These job cards would not only help students in depositing their tuition fee and other charges and purchasing books but also in securing lucrative jobs.The facility of job card has been provided to students for the first time in Bihar. The cards, popularly known as \"freedom cards\", have been issued by a company named Itz-Cash. The cards can be recharged just like mobiles and can also be used as ATM cards.Giving details of the job cards, PU computer centre in charge and course coordinator K P Singh said these cards would facilitate linkage between the university and the industries by providing necessary data to both the parties. The cards would provide details of the job aspirants as well as those of employers. Students of bioinformatics would be in constant touch with the industries and they can be called for summer training, project work or even for employment by the industries on the basis of information provided by students, Singh said.Inaugurating the course, PU vice-chancellor Shambhu Nath Singh thanked former PU pro-VC S I Ahson for doing groundwork for the introduction of this course. He assured the students of all technical help in pursuing this interdisciplinary course. He also inaugurated a smart classroom for the students of this course.Delivering a special lecture on bioinformatics on the occasion, K K Ojha of the Central University of Bihar (CUB) highlighted the significance of the application of bioinformatics in detecting and controlling various types of diseases. The origin of a disease can be easily traced with the help of bioinformatics and specific drugs instead of generic drugs can be administered to individuals, he added.At the outset, Patna Science College principal and course director Arun Kumar Sinha welcomed the guests. PU botany department teacher Birendra Prasad gave an introduction of this new discipline. K P Singh proposed a vote of thanks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15117954", "title": "Balu Mahendra directs Sivakarthikeyan!", "text": "That Dhanush has signed up TV star Sivakarthikeyan in his maiden production venture is old new. What is new about the project is the fact that the team has officially begun shooting for the film.\"Today started my new movie under Dhanush sir's banner... Legend Balu Mahendra sir took the first shot. Felt great (sic),\" the actor tweeted about his first day on the film's sets. The actor had played the role of Dhanush's school friend in 3 and had impressed him with his comic timing.The untitled film is directed by debutant Senthil, who was working as an associate director with National Award-winning filmmaker Vetri Maaran. The film pairs Sivakarthikeyan with Nootrendbathu actress Priya Anand and has music by Kolaveri fame Anirudh. The cinematography is handled by Velraj, the man who has shot films like Aadukalam and 3 .We hear that Dhanush and Vetri Maaran too graced the film's set on the first day and the entire unit was excited with the duo dropping in to wish them good luck.Meanwhile, post the success of his Ezhil-directed Manam Kothi Paravai , Sivakarthikeyan has become the go-to guy for small and medium budget filmmakers. The actor has also been signed up by director Pandiraj for his Kedi Billa Killadi Ranga , which also has Vimal as one of the leads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15115308", "title": "40-yr-old woman critical with H1N1", "text": "PUNE: A 40-year-old woman from Nigdi, who has been on ventilator support since Sunday, tested positive for H1N1 influenza on Monday.\"The woman's condition is critical and she is still on ventilator support,\" said a medical officer of the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC). \"She has other co-morbid conditions like hypothyroidism and hypertension and is obese,\" he said.The woman, a resident of Yamunanagar in Nigdi, developed symptoms on July 13. Later, her condition deteriorated and she developed breathlessness, following which she was admitted to Lokmanya Hospital in Nigdi on July 19.\"Her condition further worsened and she was put on ventilator support on Sunday. Her throat swab, sent to National Institute of Virology (NIV), tested positive for swine flu on Monday,\" the officer said.This is the second positive swine flu case within Pimpri-Chinchwad limits this month. A few days ago, a four-month-old baby had tested positive but recovered after a few days.Since April, Pimpri-Chinchwad has reported 39 positive case and six deaths.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15114550", "title": "Thailand most sought-after holiday destination", "text": "KOCHI: Thailand, with its combination of exotic locales including beaches, islands , tranquil villages and a variety of entertainment and leisure activities, is attracting increasing number of Malayalis.Lower airfare and hotel rates have also ensured that Thailand is now turning out to be the most preferred destination by Malayalis going on a holiday.The other popular destinations are Singapore, Malaysia, Sri Lanka and Dubai .Travelling abroad has become a cheaper option. \"A large numbers of Malayalis now prefer to go abroad than travel within the country. Due to the low cost of airline tickets and cheap hotel accommodation as compared to the rates of popular destinations in India, people from here now opt to go abroad. Also travel time between destinations is less,\" says Indian Association of Tour Operators, Kerala, president E M Najeeb.While international ticket prices have not seen any unprecedented increase, domestic fares have skyrocketed. Add to it the cost of food and stay, and many find travelling abroad cheaper than travelling in the country.For instance, a three nights' and four days' trip to Thailand costs anywhere between Rs 25,000 and Rs 27,000 per person. The combo travel package deal to two countries - Singapore and Malaysia - costs anything between Rs 35,000 and Rs 40,000 and a trip to Sri Lanka costs between Rs 30,000 to Rs 35,000. \"In contrast, a package trip to North India - golden triangle - would cost nothing less than Rs 40,000,\" he says.Tour operators reveal that there is also a status symbol attached with the choice of place to travel. \"Telling someone that they are going on a foreign tour is a matter of pride and a foreign trip definitely adds value to their social status. So, at a time when travelling to Far East Asia is cheaper or costs almost equivalent to going on a holiday to a popular destination in India, people choose Far East Asian destinations,\" says an employee with Riya Group.Raju Nair, secretary, Travel Operators Association of Kerala, says: \"With lower package rates to travel to Far East Asia, no one wants to miss out on the opportunity to travel abroad. No wonder, the demand for trips abroad is increasing.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "15115676", "title": "PSEB to upload students\u2019 roll numbers on its website", "text": "MOHALI: With the Punjab School Education Board (PSEB) deciding to upload roll numbers of students who have filled application forms for compartment exams for science and commerce streams on their website this time, things would become quite convenient for students of PSEB affiliated schools.Applicants for the compartment exams for class X and XII boards will not have to wait for their roll numbers to be sent to them, as they will be able to download these themselves on the official website of the department -- . They can download their roll numbers by entering the first three alphabets of their father and their own names.There are also some helpline numbers to clarify doubts over exam related issues which will remain open from 9am to 5pm while the single window service for students will remain open for a week. If any student is unable to download his roll number, he can take his fee slip to PSEB's main office, where he would get help.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15115760", "title": "Molestation was spontaneous: Accused", "text": "VARANASI: He had contacted his family members and friends from a PCO. On the basis of these calls, Assam police had alerted the Varanasi police and had been providing regular updates on Kalita. During interrogation, Kalita told the Varanasi police he was drunk at the time of the incident.Later in the evening, producing Kalita before media Varanasi SSP B D Paulson said that during interrogation, Kalita revealed that after knowing that he had been made main accused in molestation case, he fled from Guwahati and reached Bhubaneshwar. Thereafter he continued travelling to other parts of the country, including Mumbai, Thane, Ahmedabad, Howrah and Barabanki before reaching Varanasi.Paulson said that the driving licence of Kalita, who is a survey technician in a private company, had been seized. Kalita repeatedly said that the incident was not pre-planned, but was spontaneous.The SSP said that a team of Guwahati police would reach Varanasi by Tuesday afternoon to take him with them on remand.On July 9 evening, a mob led by Kalita had molested a 17-year-old girl in Guwahati. The girl was later rescued by some passers-by. The incident was caught on camera and went viral on the net. The incident triggered widespread protests in the state. Posters of the accused were put up across Guwahati.Assam police had arrested 12 accused but the main accused Kalita was on the run. Assam police had announced a reward of Rs one lakh on him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15117835", "title": "Digital Records releases full video of Gaddi", "text": "Digital Records releases the full video to one of the most anticipated singles of 2012 which is to break new grounds, 'Gaddi' a collaboration featuring Deep Jandu and Gangis Khan.This is the first mainstream collaboration of its kind coming out of North America , which had fans and listeners in awe for the past few months.Deep Jandu started singing at a very young age and through professional vocal training and practice, Deep released his first album at the tender age of 18. Now at the age of 21 this Canadian born phenom has been breaking the airwaves with his hard-hitting voice, showcasing his raw talent with songs of various genres. Having already performed through various cities of North America, Deep is currently working on many new singles with producers across the globe.Gangis Khan aka Camoflauge, representing Deep Waters is no stranger to this industry as he has been touring and leaving his mark across the globe. With his unique style and raw lyrics, his versatility has expanded his exposure not limiting him to influences of the rap genre. Gangis Khan has been recognized by elite artist ,and is the 2nd most downloaded artist next to take in Canada, and coming off his latest tour concluding in India, there is only much more to come.Both Deep and Gangis Khan have built a brotherly love and have been spending much time in the studio. \"It's like family now, it truly is\" says Deep. \" The long hours spent in or out of the studio no longer seem like work.\" \"Everyone's got dreams of visions, and many opportunities come knocking, but when I first heard Deep's material, I felt the energy and immediately got a vision,\" said Gangis.Gaddi provides a urban hip-hop feel to a Punjabi track - both artists voices accommodate each other flawlessly, truly making this one of the most anticipated, and will be one of the hottest tracks of summer 2012! Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15113805", "title": "Non-bailable warrant issued against minister K Parthasarathy", "text": "HYDERABAD: Special judge M Laxman of the Economic Offences court on Monday issued a non-bailable warrant against state excise and secondary education minister K Parthasarathy in a case filed by the Enforcement Directorate (ED) and directed the authorities to produce the minister before the court on July 25.The case against the minister pertains to a business transaction involving the company, KPR Tele Products Ltd during 1997-1998 of which he was the MD. Parthasarathy was neither a minister nor legislator at that time. The ED's case is that he tried to import some machinery worth Rs 2.5 crore and as an advance, he had sent Rs 50 lakh for the same to a foreign shore. However, the machinery never came to him.Subsequently, the Enforcement Directorate (Bangalore) saw something amiss in the deal and after verification it found out that the Rs 50 lakh was sent to foreign shores in a manner that was contrary to the then existing legislation Foreign Exchange Regulation Act (Fera). It also suspected that the pretext of importing machinery was only a guise to the export of money in an unlawful manner. Had it been for a genuine import purpose, the ED says, there is a procedure to convert Indian money into dollars and that it was violated in the current transaction.Later in 2001, the ED imposed a penalty of Rs 3 lakh on Parthasarathy, which he never paid. Charging him with violating Fera and also on his failure to pay the penalty, the ED started legal proceedings against him on both counts. While the KPR Tele Products Ltd was shown as accused number one, the minister is shown as accused number 2.Finally the economic offences court listed the case for pronouncing its judgment to Monday. The judge was shocked to see on Monday that none of the accused were present before him. The judge then posted the case to July 25 for pronouncement, issued NBW against Parthasarathy and directed the ED authorities to produce him before the court by that time. The ED is now seeking the help of Panjagutta police to execute this NBW.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15115628", "title": "Govt for law to prevent sale of agro land to non-agriculturists", "text": "PORVORIM: The state government will introduce a bill during the current session of the Goa legislative assembly to prevent the sale of agricultural land to non-agriculturists by amending the Land Revenue Code, chief minister Manohar Parrikar said on Monday.Parrikar made the announcement during question hour while speaking on Dabolim Congress MLA Mauvin Godinho's starred question on 'special category status to Goa'.Godinho wanted to know whether the government was aware that Goa deserves and should be conferred \"special category status\" and steps the government proposes to compel the central government to accede to that demand.The chief minister said his government agrees that Goa needs special category status and that it will take up the matter at the highest level with the central government.Elaborating, Parrikar said the formulae used by the planning commission in distributing funds were disadvantageous to Goa. He said that while Goa pays around Rs 10,000 crore annually to the Centre, the central government gives Goa about Rs 4,500 crore. From mining alone, the central government gets Rs 6,000 crore while Goa only gets around Rs 1 crore. \"For every Rs 10, they don't even give us even Re 1. So Goa needs finance and also protection of its identity,\" Parrikar said.The chief minister said his government would demand special category status under Article 371 of the Constitution as given to states like Himachal Pradesh and Uttarakhand. He said he knows it might be difficult to get the status under that particular category but his government would present a proper case to the Centre. Parrikar reminded members that then finance minister Pranab Mukherjee and home minister P Chidambaram, had said Goa cannot get special status. \"So the only solution is to change the central government,\" Parrikar said.Godinho joined the central government bashing stating that the Centre was giving step-motherly treatment to Goa. Naming planning commission deputy chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia, Godinho said central government officials make policies without knowing ground realities. He said that not only does Goa's identity need to be protected, but that its agricultural land also needs to be protected from being sold. Godinho said an all-party delegation could make a representation to the central government for a special category status for Goa.Parrikar said the proposal to take an all-party delegation to Delhi can be considered, but added he would not go with a begging bowl because his government has the capacity to raise enough money as required. Parrikar also accused the Centre of being the \"basic perpetrator of illegalities\" and \"giving environmental clearances without checking\", and of now being \"scared of the Shah Commission\" and therefore \"trying to cover up its tracks\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15113593", "title": "NCP defers decision on pullout", "text": "NEW DELHI: NCP on Monday kept the door ajar for reconciliation with the government by putting off its \"final decision\" on whether to withdraw from the Manmohan Singh government by a couple of days.Although Union minister Praful Patel said the decision had been deferred because of the need to consult NCP leaders from Maharashtra who could not make it because of their preoccupation with the state legislature, party sources said Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's olive branch was the reason why the call had been put off by 48 hours. \"We will take the decision by tomorrow or not later than day after,\" Patel said.The estranged UPA partner is having to contend with Singh's effort to woo Sharad Pawar back, even as Congress reached out by signaling its willingness to look into its grievance about lack of coordination in Maharashtra. NCP continued with its protest with both Pawar and Patel skipping the send off dinner hosted by the PM for outgoing President Pratibha Patil. They did not attend office, and preferred to use their private transport instead of official vehicles.Likewise, Pawar got Agatha Sangma, another party nominee in the Union Cabinet, to commit to quit the government if asked by the party.But the deferment of the \"final decision\" created more room for negotiations to resolve the standoff. In the meting of party office-bearers at his official residence in the afternoon, Pawar is learnt to have appreciatively spoken of the PM's persuasion and assurances. A party leader said the PM's public pitch for peace by calling Pawar a valuable colleague has eased the tension.This was visible at the tea party in Parliament after the President's farewell function when, according to an agency report, Congress chief Sonia Gandhi asked Patel to \"do something\" to end the standoff. In jest, BJP's Sushma Swaraj, standing next to Sonia, told Patel, \"Don't do anything.\" Pawar was present at the farewell function but did not stay back for tea.The peace efforts by Singh, who only last week played a key role in bringing around Trinamool boss Mamata Banerjee to vote for Pranab Mukherjee in the presidential elections, were complemented by Congress when it was ready to address NCP's complaint about Congress's unilateralism: a code for protest against Maharashtra chief minister Prithviraj Chavan's decisions that are believed to have hurt NCP leaders.According to information reaching here, Chavan, in a meeting he had with Maharashtra Congress chief Manikrao Thakre and ministers belonging to the party in Mumbai, urged everyone not to make provocative statements against NCP. Referring to NCP's complaint that he was not consulting them, the CM said he was willing to thrash out the issue.Thakre did his own bit by writing to the NCP, showing readiness to call the meeting of the coordination committee in Mumbai at the earliest.In Delhi, Congress general secretary Janardan Dwivedi again tried to play down the tension by saying \"these things happen in a coalition and are resolved through dialogue\". \"Let us hope for the best,\" he added.Talking to reporters after the meeting of the NCP, Patel had appeared to be leaning more towards conciliation than confrontation. He took exception to suggestions by Congress leaders that NCP's revolt was a ploy to extract concessions, but emphasized that the utterances by individual Congress leaders did not represent the official line. \"The party's official stand can only be spelt out by Sonia Gandhi who, along with the prime minister, have been very gracious in hearing us out,\" he said.He once again confirmed that the party wanted to pull out because it wanted to focus on \"building the organization\" ahead of polls, but went to some length to emphasize that NCP will remain an integral part of UPA until 2014. He also stressed that NCP was not a post-poll partner, but a core constituent of the UPA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15114538", "title": "Heavy rain forecast in southern parts", "text": "JAIPUR: South west monsoon continued to lash the eastern parts of the state, however, it remained elusive in other parts of the state on Monday.Jaipurities woke up to a warmer morning as the city's maximum temperature touched 28.4 degrees Celsius, almost 3 degrees above the normal. It was followed by a sultry afternoon as the city recorded a maximum temperature of 39.8 degrees Celsius accompanied with 97 % humidity. Around noon, the condition was unbearable as the scene on the road resembled that of April-May.Attributing the climatic change to the revival of northerly winds and upper air cyclonic circulation, the Met office said heavy rainfall is likely to occur in the southern region of the state in the next 24 hours. The Met office said Kota, Jhalawar and Baran will witness heavy rainfall in next couple of days.Meanwhile, partly cloudy conditions prevailed in the eastern and western Rajasthan but no rain was reported till the evening.Bari Sadari, Nimbahera and Banswara received 7 cm rainfall on Monday. Choti Sadari, Kotari and Bhilwara witnessed rainfall of 5 cm each. Many places in Bikaner, Sriganganagar and Churu also witnessed mild to moderate rains in the afternoon.The south west monsoon revived in the state from Sunday but it did not bring cheers to the farmers living in the outskirts of Jaipur as only 10.8 mm rainfall was recorded in Jaipur on Sunday.There has been a deficit in at least 24 districts in the state while in remaining 9 districts it has been average so far. \"We are hopeful that in the coming weeks things will improve and get better. Southern Rajasthan will receive heavy rainfall in the next 24 hours,\" said an officer with the Jaipur Met office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15113931", "title": "Cong ministers close ranks around CM", "text": "MUMBAI: A week after NCP president and Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar blamed chief minister Prithviraj Chavan for a collapse in the decision-making process in Maharashtra and indirectly sought his ouster from the office, the CM's cabinet colleagues on Monday threw their weight behind him and said the Congress won't succumb to pressure from the NCP.At an emergency meeting convened by Chavan to take stock of the political situation, cabinet members came down heavily on the NCP's stand. \"We are with the chief minister. If NCP cabinet members feel Chavan has been deliberately ignoring or stalling their proposals for obvious political reasons, they should show us at least one such proposal or file that was not cleared by the CM,'' a senior Congress minister told TOI.Besides Chavan, the meeting was attended by MPCC president Manikrao Thakre, industries minister Narayan Rane, employment minister Nitin Raut and over half-a-dozen cabinet members. \"Chavan is awaiting instructions from Congress president Sonia Gandhi,\" he said.Thakre said he has written to NCP president Madhukar Pichad on the coordination committee. \"It's a fact that the committee has not met for a long time. I have written to Pichad. Once I receive a communication from him, we will convene a meeting,'' Thakre told TOI.Admitting there were differences of opinion within the Congress and the NCP, Thakre said these could not be discussed as the coordination committee did not meet for several years. \"Now, we expect to resolve the dispute and are sure the committee will meet as early as possible,\" Thakre said.Another senior Congress minister said the root cause of the on-going public spat between the two allies was the row over the white paper on irrigation projects and alleged corruption in the construction of Maharashtra Sadan in Delhi. \"Chavan did speak on the white paper. Later, irrigation minister Sunil Tatkare announced his decision to bring out the paper. Now, Tatkare alone is responsible for the mess over the white paper. It was his responsibility to bring out the paper at the earliest,\" he said.The minister said leader of opposition Eknath Khadse has alleged there was a Rs 36,000-crore scam in irrigation projects in the state. He said Pawar was also putting pressure on the UPA government over the appointment of governors, his daughter Supriya Sule's induction into the Union cabinet, the President's nominees in Rajya Sabha, repeal of food security bill, amendment to the employment guarantee scheme and the appointment of Sushilkumar Shinde as the leader of the House in Lok Sabha.In the event there are negotiations between the Congress and the NCP, Pawar is likely to insist on a more lucrative portfolio for his trusted aide Praful Patel, who is currently the minister for heavy industries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15115686", "title": "Traditional snake-charmers fast vanishing", "text": "KANPUR: Hemlata waited for snake-charmers to come to her locality on Nag Panchami so that she could complete the ritual of giving milk to snakes. But her wait became endless as no snake-charmer visited her locality. Very few snake-charmers visited the city this time. According to them, the tradition is vanishing.The number of snake-charmers at the ghats was also comparatively lesser this year. Snake-charmers said that catching snakes is giving them nothing but just an extra burden.\"I am following the traditional custom of being a snake-charmer due to family pressure. My great grandfather was a snake-charmer and after that every son of the family took this profession further. This job made me lose my father who died due to snake bite. Even my elder brother died while catching snake. I am not educated, I can't do anything else, so I am compelled to continue,\" said Nankau, a snake-charmer at Kherepati temple. He said that he gets engaged in alternative jobs like white-washing and digging rest of the year. Nankau said that he wants to quit this profession as it is becoming difficult to run the family.When asked why there are less number of snake-charmers this year, he responded that the government had banned catching and keeping of snakes which is giving them a tough time. People have also become less traditional. They do not call them at homes to feed snakes on Nag Panchami. Those who call, give meagre sums which are insufficient even for transport charges. Most of the snake-charmers come to the city from villages.A large number of snake-charmers visit the city on Nag Panchami from Baaghpur village on Shivali road. The people of this community live in that village and follow the traditional profession of snake-charming.\"I spend about Rs 400 or so every 3-4 days feeding my six snakes. These reptiles eat chicken, fish and meat. That is more than what my family consumes. Snakes need a special diet,\" said Shambhu, another snake-charmer at Parmath temple.He added that his community is facing a tough time as the traditional business was declared illegal in 2003. \"Most of us could not find alternative work. It was a very hard time for us. Several community members are developing anti-venom. We can cure snake bites. Those who were a little bit educated, moved to cities for jobs,\" Shambhu added.Nandu and Sunil, two young snake-charmers were witnessed having lunch at Parmath temple. They said that they are studying and planning to be experts in computers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15116964", "title": "Google doodles for Amelia Earhart on 115th birthday", "text": "NEW DELHI: Google, the search engine giant, on Tuesday paid tribute to Amelia Mary Earhart , an American author and aviation enthusiast, with a doodle on her 115th birthday. The aviatrix created history by becoming the first woman to fly across the Atlantic Ocean alone.Amelia Mary Earhart was born on July 24, 1897, in Atchison, Kansas . From her childhood days, she was extremely interested in adventurous activities. Her fascination with aircrafts took flight at the Iowa State Fair in Des Moines , when she was 10 years old.As she grew, her interest in flying deepened and in 1921 she had her first flying lessons. To look much like the other female flyers, she even underwent a complete image transformation.On October 22, 1922, Amelia Earhart set a world record by flying her Airster to an altitude of 14,000 feet (4,300 m), a rare feat among female pilots. Her passion towards flying increased and she started undertaking long solo flying journeys.Amelia Mary Earhart, on May 20, 1932, made an attempt to fly to Paris was, unfortunately, confronted by unfavourable weather conditions, compelling her to land at Culmore, north of Derry, Northern Ireland , which is now home to a small museum named as the Amelia Earhart Centre.Although she had made several records in flying, she is best remembered as the first woman to fly solo across the Atlantic Ocean without stopping. For her determination and courage, Earhart was honoured by various governments with titles. Her life was full of adventure and inspiration, which also brought her fame and reverence from high offices of her country.Her death still remains an unsolved mystery and s everal theories have evolved pertaining to it. On July 2, 1937, Earhart along with her navigator Noonan set out from Lae towards Howland Island. But mysteriously, their plane vanished on its way and the last known position to have reported was recorded near the Nukumanu Islands. Search exercises were carried out in vain and no trace was found of the great pilot. Eventually, on January 5, 1939, Earhart was declared legally dead because of her prolonged absence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15113842", "title": "Tradition uncoiled for Nag Panchami", "text": "PANAJI: It was a day dedicated to the worship of the cobra. But Monday saw Nag Panchami celebrated in different, distinct ways in different parts of the state.Traditionally, the day is marked with the worship of a clay idol of a cobra. Hindu families then indulge in the local sweet dish, patoleo (a filling of coconut and jaggery in a rice paste base wrapped and steamed in turmeric leaves).While the sweet remained constant, the idol for the Dhawaskar families of Ibrampur in Pernem taluka did not.Their 'cobras' were made from kneaded rice flour and were worshipped with wild flowers and leaves collected from the nearby jungles.Former Ibrampur sarpanch Ashok Dhawaskar told TOI, \"We have been following this tradition for ages. Our snake idols are made from kneaded rice flour. \" Parts of Dodamarg in neighbouring Maharashtra too celebrate Nag Panchami this way.Some brahmin families in Goa, meanwhile, chose not to worship an idol altogether.Instead, they worshipped the gathered wild flowers and leaves piled atop a wooden plank kept in the shrines in their homes.Chandavati Avakhale, 67, from Karekhazan-virdi said, \"We do not know the exact reason why our families do not celebrate Nag Panchami, but even our new generation follows this tradition.\"Patoleos, however, stayed on the thoroughly vegetarian menu for the day.Amrutsingh of Animal Rescue Squad, Bicholim, said of the festival, \"The snake is worshipped as a sign of gratitude. Snakes control the rodent population in fields.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "rameswaram", "code": "15115773", "title": "23 Indian fishermen remanded in Sri Lanka", "text": "RAMESWARAM: Twenty-three fishermen, who were held by the Sri Lankan navy on Saturday night were produced in Mannar court and were remanded till August 6. Meanwhile, fishermen associations in Rameswaram have called for an indefinite strike till all the fishermen, including the five held on drug peddling charges on November 11, are released.U Arulanandam, president of Alliance for Release of Innocent Fishermen (ARIF) said that the arrested fishermen were kept in Talaimannar police station on Sunday and were produced before the court on Monday. The judge has remanded the fishermen till August 6. They are locked up in Anuradhapuram prison. \"We are working on getting drop action order from the attorney-general in Sri Lanka and we are expecting them to be released as early as possible,\" he said.\"Our only demand is that 23 fishermen, who were arrested recently and the other five should be released immediately. We have decided to go on an indefinite strike in this regard,\" said B Jesuraja, district secretary of Tamil Nadu Mechanised Boats Fishermen Association.\"The families of those five fishermen suffer untold miseries with their breadwinners locked up in Sri Lankan prisons. Our government agencies have certified that they were not involved in drug peddling offence, yet the Sri Lankan government is not releasing them,\" he added.\"Recently, Seemon (19) younger brother of Emerson, the boat owner in Sri Lankan prison committed suicide due to family problems. He was studying engineering in Chennai and the boy was struggling to pay his college fees. The families is struggling without proper income,\" Jesuraja pointed out.\"It is unfortunate that the government is not coming out with an amicable solution for the conflict between Sri Lankan Navy and our fishermen. Our fishermen should have been trained on alternate fishing methods to avoid this harassment, but government stops merely with announcements in spite of our repeated demands,\" rued Arulanandam.Informed sources in Rameswaram said that that the Sri Lankan navy was keen on arresting the Indian fishermen after those in the island nation submitted a petition to them. They said the fishermen held a meeting on July 11 and decided to urge their authorities to stop Indian fishermen entering into their waters, complaining that they are damaging their fishing gear. They also threatened that if the navy is not acting, they will start taking custody of the Indian fishermen entering their waters. After this development, the navy is keen on arresting the Rameswaram fishermen and the recent arrest and the earlier arrest of 10 fishermen indicate the same, the sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15115259", "title": "Cops take steps to decongest roads in Pimpri-Chinchwad", "text": "PUNE: The traffic police have started implementing measures to decongest some of the important roads in Pimpri-Chinchwad. The move comes a week after a joint meeting was held between officials of the traffic branch and the municipal corporation.On Monday, the traffic branch issued a notification banning parking of all heavy vehicles, luxury buses and trucks on the entire Telco road stretch. The notification said that parking of all vehicles on both sides of the road - from the Durgadevi chowk to the Walunaka chowk - has been banned with immediate effect. The Telco road stretch, a distance of about 11 km, is one of the important roads of Pimpri-Chinchwad. A major portion of the road passes from the industrial belt of the MIDC. While the municipal corporation had widened and developed the road about six years ago, parking of heavy vehicles on the stretch has been a major hurdle in movement of vehicular traffic.Several vehicles, many of them container trucks or those carrying heavy equipment and machinery required for industries, are parked along the road. Parking of these vehicles has been a cause for concern since it reduces the carriage width of the road. Industries' associations have been demanding a proper terminus where such vehicles can be parked. The issue of parking of trucks was also raised by a few citizens at a public meeting convened by the traffic police to seek suggestions on traffic.The traffic branch has also issued another notification to ban parking of vehicles on the Pune-Nashik road from Babar petrol pump to Landewadi chowk. This stretch is an important road passing through Pimpri-Chinchwad. Parking of vehicles on both sides of the road hampers vehicular movement and is also a concern for road safety. Since the last three years, the traffic police have banned parking of vehicles on the entire 11-km road stretch of the Mumbai-Pune highway passing through Pimpri-Chinchwad limits. The civic body has created a few parking lots where parking is allowed.Last week, a joint meeting was held between officials of the Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation and traffic branch to find solutions to various traffic problems in Pimpri-Chinchwad. A decision to conduct a joint survey was taken to look into traffic issues in the next 15 days. Several measures to improve traffic conditions in Pimpri-Chinchwad are expected to be implemented following the survey. The meeting was attended by municipal commissioner Shrikar Pardeshi and deputy commissioner of police (traffic) Vishwas Pandhre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15112690", "title": "Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Ltd accused of juggling with figures", "text": "NASHIK: Consumer activists on Monday alleged charged that the state power utility-Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Ltd (MSEDCL) was juggling with figures to dole out wrong information to the public and urged the energy regulator Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC) to push MSEDCL ask it to implement the recommendations of the Shungloo Committee.The activists were speaking at a hearing conducted by Maharashtra Energy Regulatory Commission (MERC) on Monday on the proposal of the power company to increase the tariff. Speaking on the occasion, Siddharth Soni, lawyer and the authorized consumer representative, MERC, said that whether it was the arrears, expenses, metered and unmetered agricultural consumers and load released, the figures were worked around to present a picture in favour of the company. favourable for the company.When the V S Shungloo Committee, while opining on the franchisee system, had pointed out that the distribution companies should share major responsibilities of their financial losses, the company was trying to wriggle out of the situation without accounting for the losses, he said. \"The company should measure every unit of power at the consumer-end and only after that think about demanding increase in tariff. Besides, the company should also undertake energy auditing at once,\" Soni said.T N Agrawal, former president of Institution of Engineers (India), Nashik claimed charged that the power company was only making the matters worse for the industrialists in Maharashtra by demanding unreasonable tariff hike. He and called for third party auditing of the facts presented by the company.\"The energy rates in Andhra and Gujarat were fairly below what MSEDCL proposes. The company is proposing hike in Low Tension category up to Rs 5.35 per unit when the rates in Andhra were prevailing at Rs 4.85 per unit. The difference is huge in other categories,\" Satish Shah, practicing energy auditor stated.Major (retd) PM Bhagat, of Akhil Bhartiya Grahak Panchayat said also stressed on the facts that the power company was too lenient on the outstanding amounts with the public offices and that it should first recover the arrears. which would bring down the arrears drastically.R K Pawar, superintending engineer Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) in his presentation demanded that the street lights should be charged reasonably low by the power company, especially since it was not a money minting exercise. He added that the street light tariff should also get the 'night-time usage' discount like the industries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15113762", "title": "Chowmahalla choked", "text": "HYDERABAD: Recipient of the Unesco Asia Pacific Merit award for cultural heritage conservation, the Chowmahalla Palace cut a sorry picture on Monday, two days after heavy rains lashed through the city. Close to the Tahniyat Mahal, one of the four palaces on the premises, water is gushing out of the loose soil and flowing up to the main gate of the palace. Visitors are forced to take the slushy path to view the majestic palace.The water table in this area is high and hence there is more underground water closer to the foundation and heavy rains always pose a threat. G Kishan Rao, director, Chowmahalla Palace, said that most of the rooms of the museum have become damp. \"There is a lot of seepage from the museum floor because the underground water is percolating to the foundation. Conservation experts have been called in. Because it is a heritage structure, we have to attend to this problem carefully. However, there are no leakages on the roof,\" said Rao. He added that the 275-year-old heritage structure was constructed with bricks and lime mortar and that they are not supposed to use cement for repair works.Heritage experts maintained that the dampness is not a serious threat but a matter of concern for a heritage building. The accumulated water in the ground seeps through small holes in the foundation to reach upper portions of the structure. An expert added that water requires an outlet point but most of the drains, channels and garden channels in the heritage precincts are all choked or blocked by garbage and soil deposits. \"In the absence of any outlet, water spills over. In the case of the palace, it has affected the foundation and used the loose soil path as an outlet,\" said an expert.Furthermore, palace authorities said that the centuries old structure that was once the seat of the Asaf Jahi dynasty has borne the brunt of the ill-planned structures that have sprung in its surroundings. These new constructions do not have proper drainage lines and the existing drainage system is getting choked as well. Repeated complaints to the GHMC have not come to our aid, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15115610", "title": "Sangam city remembers Chandra Shekhar Azad on birth anniversary", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Denizens paid tributes to the great freedom fighter Chandra Shekhar Azad on his birth anniversary at Shaheed Sthal on Monday. Various social organizations also paid tributes to this great martyr of the country.Divisional commissioner Divesh Chaturvedi also offered floral tributes to the martyr.Speaking on the occasion, he observed that we have not understood the importance of independence gained from the sacrifice of the freedom fighters of the country.It is our duty to participate in the electral process and choose honest and responsible government.Om Prakash Jaiswal said that it is the duty of the young generations to follow the footsteps of the great martyrs of the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15114016", "title": "24-yr-old man waylaid, robbed of mobile, chain", "text": "MUMBAI: A 24-year-old Chembur resident was robbed of his mobile and gold chain worth Rs 25,000 outside the busy Kurla railway station on Sunday. According to the police, the incident occurred between 4.30pm and 5pm when Sunil Kami was alone at a bus stop (route no 322).\"The accused reportedly approached Kami and accused him of having eve-teased his (accused's) sister. Kami was told that the person who had eve-teased the girl was wearing a shirt similar to what Kami had worn. Kami was then taken to the nearby Aakash Theatre, so that the accused's brother could verify that the victim was not the eve-teaser,\" said Kurla police senior inspector LC Bhalerao.\"At the theatre, the accused told me that he was convinced that I was not the eve-teaser, and said that I should accompany him to his sister so that she also is verifies the fact, Kami told TOI. However, when Kami refused to do so, the accused threatened him to shoot him down if he doesn't follow the orders. \"The accused asked me to hand over all my belongings to him.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "15117108", "title": "Indian-origin man found guilty of bomb threat in US", "text": "NEW YORK: An Indian-origin man, who called himself a \"terrorist\", has been found guilty by a jury of threatening to blow up a medical firm in Connecticut and faces up to 10 years in prison.Shaneel Jain, 56, was convicted of one count of making a bomb threat and one count of false information and hoaxes.He would be sentenced on October 16 when he could be ordered to pay a million dollar fine, US Attorney for the District of Connecticut David Fein said.Jain had been released on bond since his arrest on March 19 this year and currently lives in Rhode Island.According to the evidence presented during the trial, which began last week, Jain made a series of telephone calls in April 2010 from India to Z-Medica, a Connecticut-based company that produces QuickClot, a medical agent that rapidly stops bleeding outside the surgical setting.QuickClot is used by the US military and the militaries of some allied countries.At the time, Jain was engaged in a civil law suit with Z-Medica based on their prior business relationship.During these phone calls, Jain threatened to bomb Z-Medica within 24 hours, saying he was a \"terrorist\".He said he had bombed facilities before and that the American law \"could not touch\" him.As a result of the threat, FBI and the Connecticut State Police conducted searches of Z-Medica's facilities.Z-Medica also cancelled shifts, which resulted in an order for QuickClot being delayed.The company also utilized private security for several weeks. No bomb or other explosive was ever found at Z-Medica.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15113062", "title": "India banks on Canada to skirt US gas export ban", "text": "NEW DELHI: India is trying to include Canada into the supply equation as it prepares to become an importer of energy from the US. But the plan may meet with only a limited success because of third-country pricing economics.New Delhi has been lobbying Washington for a special dispensation to ship liquid gas from the US. Washington does not allow energy exports to countries that do not have a free trade agreement (FTA) with it.Because of this ban, India's state-run gas utility is feeling hamstrung in its efforts to strike big deals for importing liquid gas from the US. The company in December signed a contract to import shale gas from Cheniere Energy's Sabine Pass facility and is close to clinching another such deal worth $12 billion.While the political process to break the logjam over the US energy export ban to non-FTA countries continues, India is trying to work its way around the problem by roping in Canada that has a pipeline network with the US east coast.India is hoping that it can route US gas \u2014 and later, perhaps, shale oil \u2014 through Canada. As an FTA partner of the US, Canada will be free of the constraints that currently keeps US energy a difficult draw for India.But industry executives said the plan may have limited applicability which would depend on from where in the US the gas is coming. Government sources also admit that routing supplies through Canada could involve additional carrying cost, and that could push up the final price.But politically at least, the Canadian option looks viable. India and Canada are wooing each other as strategic partners waiting for lift-off. Prime Minster Manmohan Singh met his Canadian counterpart Stephen Harper on the sidelines of the G-20 summit in Mexico in June.Foreign minister S M Krishna followed up that summit by meeting his counterpart John Baird in Toronto. Canada has been supportive of India's bid to join the four non-proliferation regimes at the recent NSG plenary in the US. Harper is expected to visit India in November on a state visit.India and the US are expected to hold the next round of an annual energy dialogue in September, where New Delhi is expected to follow up on issues blocking energy imports.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15115561", "title": "State Institute of Rural Development to host three-day programme on horticulture", "text": "RANCHI: A three-day training programme on 'Horticulture as a source of food security and livelihood' will be organized by the State Institute of Rural Development (SIRD) here, beginning on July 26. Assistant director of SIRD, Mani Bhushan Thakur, said \"We want the programme to become a connecting link between farmers and government. The farmers need to be aware about various forms of agricultural practices, the income generation and how it can become a source of livelihood.\"He said we have realized that horticultural crops help in diversification of land use, improvement in productivity, increase in employment, better economic returns and nutritional security.The three-day training is directed towards the government officials, Panchayati Raj Institutions and various NGOs in the state.The programmes would cover various aspects of horticulture. \"The three-day training will lead to discussion and debates on related issues and eminent speakers from SIRD and other research institutions would talk on topics like Mushroom cultivation: a source of livelihood and consumer good, low cost nursery technique and marketing, importance of medicinal plants and its uses, food preservation and agro processing, major insect pest and pathogen and plant protection in horticultural crop. I hope that the rich information shared at the end of the day will definitely benefit the farmers,\" said Thakur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15114406", "title": "Devotees offer prayers on Naag Panchami", "text": "LUCKNOW: Devotees in large number, visited the Mankameshwar temple on the occasion of 'Naag Panchami' on Monday. They waited patiently in queues to seek the Lord's blessings by offering milk to a serpent.\"It is a matter of faith and I do not mind waiting in queue for long hours. For us it is the day to remember Lord Shiva and 'naag'. I make it a point to visit the temple every time,\" said Ranjeeta Sharma, a devotee.The preparations for Naag Panchami started from Sunday 1.00 a.m. Rituals like 'Rudrabhishek'- in which Panchamrit Pooja is offered to Lord Shiva with powerful hymns/mantras was performed after which the temple was opened for the devotees.Elaborating on the importance of the day, Mahant Devya Giri said, \"The auspicious occasion of Naag Panchami during Sawan has a special significance.On this day, people start queuing outside the temple as early as 3.00 a.m. to pay their special obeisance to Lord Shiva and offer milk to a serpent.\"The importance of this occasion is mainly for those people who have 'kaal sarp yog'. It is believed that by offering milk to a serpent, one's 'dosh' gets reduced.This day also gives time to florists and sweet sellers to earn little extra bucks. Sweet sellers and florists for instance earn a little extra during this time of the year. \"The sales increase by more than 10 times. We sell more than 150 kgs of barfies and 80 kgs of flowers on Naag Panchami in comparison to normal Mondays,\" said Suresh Rana, a shopkeeper.Tight security arrangements were put in place outside the temple.LCD screens were installed outside the temple, so that devotees who were standing in long queues, can see what is happening inside the temple. Since morning as many as 75,000 people visited the temple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15114818", "title": "Ramdev aide Balkrishna's Nepalese 'citizenship\u2019 under CBI lens", "text": "NEW DELHI: CBI, which filed a chargesheet against Baba Ramdev's key aide Acharya Balkrishna on July 10 for obtaining an Indian passport by furnishing fake documents, has initiated a fresh probe to ascertain his citizenship status. CBI has learnt that Balkrishna's real name is Narayan Prasad Subedi, and he is a resident of Bharuwa village in Nepal's Syangja district, where he had studied in Sri Tej Pragati Prarthamik Vidyalaya. The agency is trying to reach his village through judicial request, and has given specific details about his identity in its Letter Rogatory (LR) that was sent to Nepal on July 10.In its LR, CBI has mentioned these details of Balkrishna seeking documents, including his birth certificate, school documents, gram panchayat documents (which may mention his name) or any other relevant record. Though CBI has not received any reply from Nepal yet, a source said, \"If the reply comes positive, then additional charges may be slapped against Balkrishna\". Balkrishna was arrested last week by CBI following non-bailable warrant issued by court against him.The agency had chargesheeted Balkrishna in the fake passport case, where he has been accused of obtaining an Indian passport by furnishing fake documents. CBI alleged that Balkrishna along with the then principal, Naresh Chand Dwivedi, of Sanskrit Mahavidayala, Khurja in Uttar Pradesh had conspired to help him secure fake educational certificates. The agency investigation established that the accused \u2014 in connivance with the co-accused \u2014 had furnished false information and submitted fake and forged high school and graduation certificates to passport authorities for obtaining the document.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15115584", "title": "Adopt a village to earn a college degree", "text": "LUDHIANA: With community service being made mandatory in government colleges from the session 2012-2013, it would ensure all round development of students. The number of hours put in 'community outreach programme' by students would be recorded by their teachers from this session onwards.They would be required to do some form of community service. These programmes include adopting surrounding villages and rural areas in city, creating awareness among schoolchildren about brushing teeth and personal hygiene to conducting cleanliness drives in insanitary areas. Taking into account the marks allocated for community related activities to students seeking admission in top-notch B-schools, universities and other higher educational institutions, besides foreign colleges, this decision was taken at a meeting of the director, higher education (DHE) and government college principals recently.\"Community service has now become an integral part of college teaching. Teachers will be maintaining a record book to account for the number of hours each student puts in community service,\" says Mani Bedi, principal, Post Graduate Government College for Girls, Sector 42. At the end of three years of graduation, the hours of community service logged in by students would be accounted for and they would be awarded certificates for it.\"Youngsters have a tremendous ability to influence people around them. We would be encouraging students to create awareness on drug de-addiction, environmental issues and traffic concerns among their peers and public,\" says Gurjit Kaur, officiating principal of Post Graduate Government College, Sector 46. College officials also cite it as an opportunity for youngsters to come out of their comfort zone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15115857", "title": "Soon, child labour age to be hiked to 18 years", "text": "JAIPUR: In its bid to intensify the fight against child labour, the Rajasthan State Commission for Protection of Child Rights (RSCPCR) has decided to increase the age limit of child labour from 14 to 18 years.The RCPCR drafting committee is designing a protocol to up the ante in the fight against the practice and will submit it soon to the state government for implementation.One of the main points of the recommendation is to increase the age limit of child labour to 18 years. This basically means any person under 18 years found working in business establishments would be termed as child labour.RSCPCR member and drafting committee head Govind Beniwal said, \"In the Child Labour Prohibition (CLP) Act, the age limit for child labour is 14 years but the Juvenile Justice (JJ) Act has an age limit as 18 years. So, we have made the Juvenile Justice Act the basis for increasing the child labour age limit to 18.\"The RCPCR will hold a meeting on June 24 in which representatives of civil societies, police, labour unions, trade unions, and child welfare committee will take part to discuss norms for the protocol which aims to make Rajasthan a child labour-free state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15114650", "title": "One held for armed robbery", "text": "NEW DELHI: One person has been arrested in connection with the robbery at an industrialist's house a few days ago. The accused had shot at the businessman's 12-year-old son when he had protested. The boy is recuperating.The accused has been identified as Surender (35). His accomplice, Nissar alias Pahadi, is on the run. On July 6, a case had been registered under Sections 394 and 397 of the IPC at the Farsh Bazar police station.The complainant, Reenu Tayal, said around 1.15pm, two people tried to enter the house on the pretext of meeting her husband. When she opened the door, they forced their way in, armed with pistols.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15114162", "title": "GMC faces uphill task on biomedical waste", "text": "PANAJI: Goa medical college (GMC), Bambolim, has its task cut out on management of waste at the complex as the sub divisional officer (SDO) has laid down some guidelines to evolve a set of practices in order to ensure scientific treatment and disposal.The GMC authorities have to identify nodal officers and evolve guidelines to ensure accountability in cases of negligence. They have to also impart comprehensive training to staff at various level for handling and disposal of solid and bio-medical waste.\"It is important that GMC identifies nodal officers for waste management in various departments and hospital wards to define supervisory roles and fix responsibility,\" the deputy collector has stated in a communication along with some guidelines.Sources said these have evolved from suggestions after a series of meetings held by the collector during the past few months with officials from directorate of fire and emergency services, Goa state pollution control board, directorate of panchayats, GMC's medical superintendent Dr Rajan V S Kuncolienkar, director of health services Dr Sanjiv Dalvi, Dr Kedar N Raikar from the Corlim primary health centre, block development officer (BDO) V S Naik Gaunekar and Roland Martins, coordinator, Goa civic and consumer action network ( GOACAN).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "kokrajhar", "code": "15115098", "title": "Villagers flee homes in fear, camps opened", "text": "KOKRAJHAR: Even as the memories of the Garo-Rabha clash last year are still fresh in people's mind, Assam has plunged into another ethnic strife, which has killed at least 18 people and displaced over 30,000 so far in Kokrajhar and Chirang districts in the western part of the state.In Kokrajhar, those worst-hit by the violence - those belonging to the Bodo and religious minority communities - were fleeing from their homes as arson and tension prevailed on Monday.At least 10 villages in the district belonging to the Bodo and religious minority communities were set on fire from the wee hours, triggering panic among the people. Many have taken shelter in 36-odd relief camps established by the Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC) administration and the state government. The main scene of violence are the BTC-administered areas. The BTC, which is governed under the sixth schedule of the constitution, has four districts - Kokrajhar, Chirang, Baksa and Udalguri (all bordering Bhutan ).\"We have left our village as we were feeling extremely insecure there. We don't know when miscreants will target our village. Our womenfolk have been sent to a nearby relief camp, while all the menfolk have taken shelter on a hillock,\" said Praneswar Basumatary, headman of the Bodo-dominated Parugura village on the outskirts of Kokrajhar town. On Saturday, two persons were killed and one critically injured in a miscreant attack in Parugura village.The men of the Paragura village stayed on the hillock the entire day despite a downpour. \"We are completely drenched by the rain. We are also scared because we haven't seen any security personnel patrolling our village yet. The men of our village preferred to stay on the nearby hillock to keep a watch on our houses,\" Sanjay Basumatary, a youth from Paragura village, said.The atmosphere in the minority-dominated villages is equally tense. On Monday morning, the sound of gunfire at Duramari village, about 30km from Kokrajhar town, sent a wave of panic across several other villages, prompting people to come out of their homes and rush to relief camps. At least four villages belonging to the minority community were gutted.\"People are no longer safe in their homes. We have no option but to take shelter in relief camps. But we are not yet confident about our safety even in relief camps. Miscreants might attack our people in relief camps if security is not strengthened,\" said Khalilur Rahman, an activist of the All India United Democratic Front at Gossaigaon in Kokrajhar district.Rahman said over 30,000 people from Kokrajhar district have already moved out of BTC area for safety. \"Thousands has moved out of BTC thinking that they would be safe elsewhere. Many have moved to neighnouring Dhubri and Bongaigaon. People have lost trust in the government as it has failed to stop this mindless violence,\" Rahman added.The situation in the neighbouring Chirang district continued to be tense since Sunday evening following the killing of four persons at three different places in the district. Security has been beefed up in sensitive pockets and night curfew has been imposed.\"The situation is tense though there has been no report of fresh escalation of violence. Night curfew has been imposed,\" Chirang deputy commissioner U N Bora said.Assam forest minister Rockybul Hussain and food and civil supplies minister Najrul Islam have been camping in Kokrajhar district, talking with different civil society groups to help bring the situation under control.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15115926", "title": "Four years on, ammunition heap in Gummidipoondi still not disposed", "text": "CHENNAI: Huge heaps of discarded ammunition, including unexploded cannon balls, found at the State Industries Promotion Corporation of Tamil Nadu (SIPCOT) estate near Gummidipoondi, about 50km from here, more than four years ago have still not been disposed.After a detailed examination by forensic experts and others, including 'Q' branch sleuths, police officers informed army officials about the dump. Some officials from the army conducted a probe but little has been done to dispose of the pile.The nearly 70 tonnes of discarded ammunition, some of it dating to the pre-World War II era, near the SIPCOT police station pose a threat to the scores of small-scale industries on the SIPCOT campus and local residents. Several attempts by the state government to dispose of the piles after getting them examined by defence personnel have failed.Recently, after the owners of a few small-scale units on the SIPCOT campus wrote to the state home department of their fear about the undisposed ammunition heaps, a senior officer assigned a team to visit the place and submit a detailed report. A home department official said, \"after we get the report from the police team, we will discuss with top officials ways to dispose the ammo.\"\"The unexploded ammunition and cannon balls will be taken to a secluded place and dispose,\" a police officer said.The discovery of the huge pile of unexploded shells and rockets, besides cannon balls, on the premises of a metal parts manufacturing firm on the SIPCOT estate came about when two teenagers were injured in a blast while trying to build a fire near a well.Later, a police team found that one of the firms on the estate got the unexploded cannon balls as part of a consignment of scrap from Dubai. But it is not known where Dubai sourced them from. Police sources said most scrap companies import scrap from the US, Europe and Dubai.Police sources said the rest of the ammunition might have been dumped in the well or buried there. It probably dates back to the pre-World War II era.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15114843", "title": "A bus stand of Majestic failings", "text": "BANGALORE: The Kempe Gowda Bus Stand was opened in 1980 to cater to 600 buses. Today, 32 years later, 4,500 BMTC buses ferry 8 lakh commuters daily in 16,500 trips through the terminal.Yet, not a single ambulance is stationed in the bus stand. And there's no public address system to warn pedestrians and bus drivers from running into each other.The terminal's resources have been stretched. BMTC personnel, especially drivers, are not helping with utter disregard for standard practices.The result was there for all to see on Sunday morning: Saraswathi C, 57, was forced to get down from her bus when it stopped at the terminal entrance instead of halting at the designated bay. The bus ran over her when she was walking to the bay where she had to board the next bus.Traffic police said the accident happened because the driver didn't stop the bus at its bay.Almost every other river who arrives at the terminal is guilty of this. Commuters too don't help matters as they hop off buses the minute they slow down. As buses dangerously crisscross roads in the terminal, commuters negotiate death at every step they take between various bus bays.Not too long ago, announcers on a public address system pulled up wayward pedestrians and drivers who parked buses haphazardly. But the system went silent 10 months ago.\"In the absence of the PA system to manage traffic, accidents are a daily affair. Minor ones go unnoticed. The Sunday fatality was because of lack of traffic management,\" a senior BMTC traffic controller told TOI.BT Mohan, divisional traffic officer at the terminal, said the PA system was discontinued due to staff crunch. \"Home Guards who did this job had been recruited on a temporary basis. After their tenure ended, they were not replaced. The chaos at the entrance must be managed by traffic police,\" he said.Medical emergencies sometimes end up in death.\"A man in his 60s had a heart-attack a fortnight ago. A 108 ambulance was stuck at SBM Circle because of a traffic jam. We couldn't save the senior citizen who breathed his last on our platform. There have been instances of patients in dire need being ferried out in our buses,\" BMTC officials said.Quote hanger* A friend of mine felt nauseated and threw up at the station recently. We made her sleep on a bench and gave her water. There's no healthcare facility here.Darshan M | BSc student who comes to the bus stand twice a day* We don't have an ambulance here. It's required. We'll take it up at our meeting.\"Nagaraj C | chief traffic manager (operations), BMTCWhere death stalks* Built in 1980 to accommodate 600 buses, Kempe Gowda bus stand now handles 4,500 buses* They make 16,500 trips daily* Every minute, 55 buses enter the terminal* As most roads in the terminal are mostly 60 ft wide, most bays don't have space to accommodate all buses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15115816", "title": "29 cholera deaths this year is city corporation\u2019s worst kept secret", "text": "CHENNAI: While Chennai Corporation officials deny cholera deaths in the city, the civic body's death registry shows that 29 people died of the disease between January and June this year. The number is higher than the total cholera deaths in the city in the previous five years.Between 2005 and 2011, the city recorded 19 cholera deaths.When confronted with its own records, the corporation said the deaths happened in the \"extended areas of the city\". The argument is flawed as the areas from where deaths were reported \u2014 Nolambur, Maduravoyal, Alandur and parts of Porur \u2014 come under the corporation limits after the city expansion in September last.In the last four days, more than 90 people have been admitted to the Kilpauk Medical College Hospital and the Communicable Diseases Hospital, Tondiarpet, with diarrhoea. A couple of cases have been found positive for cholera in preliminary tests, and final results of a culture test are awaited.The recent cases were reported from Chetpet, Taramani, Kodungaiyur and Perambur.Corporation deputy commissioner (health) Pooja Kulkarni said there had been a sporadic diarrhoea outbreak in some parts of the city, but no death had been recorded this year. \"The last cholera outbreak was in 2010, but no death was reported that year,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15113803", "title": "Cop injured as tension prevails at TRS Bhavan", "text": "HYDERABAD: A constable suffered injuries when Telangana activists assaulted him before the TRS Bhavan in Banjara Hills on Monday morning. Later in the night, Banjara Hills police booked criminal cases against the mob in relation to the incident.As Vijayamma was about to start her trip to Sircilla, over 200 Telangana supporters, who had gathered inside the TRS headquarters, tried to come out on to the road at about 6.30am. Police said most of the activists had entered the party office on Sunday night during an Iftaar organized there.Police were anticipating trouble as intelligence sleuths had alerted about possible attacks on Vijayamma's convoy by Telangana activists and about 500 police personnel were deployed around the TRS headquarters.While trying to get out of the TRS office, the activists noticed a constable, Santosh of Golconda police station, trying to click their photographs and they roughed him up. When police came to his rescue, the protesters rushed inside the TRS Bhavan and started pelting stones.At this time, some police personnel rushed inside the TRS Bhavan, forcing the protesters to rush back into the building. \"Several schools buses travel through that route every day during the morning and hundreds of people who come for morning walk were on the road adjacent to KBR Park. We knew that if the protesters were allowed out of the building, they may damage property in the surrounding areas and there is a chance of innocent people getting injured. So, police entered TRS office just to push back the protesters and no force was used in the process,\" Hyderabad police commissioner Anurag Sharma told TOI.Later in the night, based on the complaint lodged by constable Santosh, the Banjara Hills police booked a criminal case against the protesters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15114155", "title": "Displaced Margao fish vendors continue agitation at MMC", "text": "MARGAO: Fish vendors affected by the anti-encroachment drive by the Margao municipal council (MMC) continued to carry out their agitation and held a 'morcha' around the MMC building on Monday.The vendors began selling fish in front of the building in protest. Agitating members led by former councilor Camilo Barretto met MMC chairperson Arthur D'Silva who heard their grievances and assured that he would speak to the South Goa planning and development authority (SGPDA) regarding relocating the fish vendors to the SGPDA retail fish market.The vendors, around 30 of them who were part of the morcha, claimed that they had permissions to ply their trade at the old fish market area from where they had been evicted. However, MMC officials refuted their claim and said that all original fish vendors were allotted spaces at the SGPDA market.One of the members fainted during the 'morcha' and was rushed to Hospicio hospital by the Margao police.Police protection was sought by Salcete deputy collector D M Redkar to prevent a law and order situation. He said that his concern was only regarding law and order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "15114494", "title": "Tourists ditch Pathiramanal as island loses its charm", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: Pathiramanal, the picturesque island on Vembanad Lake, the site of the much-hyped bio-park project, is in shambles. Once a favourite haunt of tourists from far and near, the island is slowly losing its charm.'Pathiramanal' a Malayalam film starring Unni Mukundan and Remya Nambeesan has abandoned the plan to shoot the film in here.The film's director M Padmakumar and his crew had visited the island with a lot of expectations. But they were disappointed at the pathetic condition of the island.\"The island looked beautiful when we saw it from the mainland. However, on reaching there we found that it was in a bad shape with plastic waste and polluted water bodies. The place was stinking of garbage. So we shifted the location of the film to Kuttanad. Now Kainakary is 'Pathiramanal' in our film. Though the story revolves around Pathiramanal island, which has a lot of tourist potential, we will not be shooting any scenes there,\" Padmakumar said.Pathiramanal (sands of night) is an island on the largest lake of the state. It is one of the main tourist spots in the district.The island, located at Muhamma grama panchayat, is around 20 km away from Alappuzha town.Though the state had formally started work of the Rs 549.61 lakh bio-park project intended for preserving Pathiramanal, on November 10, 2008, it has not seen any progress.According to state tourism minister A P Anil Kumar , environmental issues and protest from the part of the local people were creating hurdles. \"But the tourism department has been directed to take adequate steps to solve the problems and get ahead with the project.\"The state allotted the land of Pathiramanal on long-term lease to Oberoi Kerala Hotels and Resorts Limited and East India Hotels Limited for setting up a resort in 2000. But Kottayam Nature Society and two individuals Joseph Nedumpuram and Philip Mathew approached the Kerala high court to quash the decision saying the resort project would result in the destruction of the ecologically fragile Island. The high court on March 5, 2003 dismissed the petitions. Following this Kottayam Nature Society and Joseph Nedumpuram filed petitions before the Supreme Court of India. The apex court in its common order on January10, 2006 had directed the state to take a fresh decision after hearing the representation of the petitioners and respondents.After hearing the arguments of both the parties, the government on April 6, 2006 had ordered that the status quo of the island would be maintained until a decision is taken by the government on the utilization of its land based on the EIA study. Thus in 2007, KSBB was entrusted by the government for the EIA study.However, before completing the EIA study of KSBB, the LDF government started to set up a bio-park in the island by violating the order of government and Supreme Court. In 2010, the KSBB submitted the EIA report to the state where it mentioned that no construction work should be allowed in the island.\"Tourism department tried to execute the bio-park project without doing any construction work. The plan was to set up a butterfly garden, fish park, floating restaurants and bird watching facility at Pathiramanal for attracting tourists. Development of freshwater ponds, major canals as well as rejuvenation of minor canals and small ponds were also part of the development plan. KITCO was appointed as the executing agency of the project. But forest department and Kottayam Nature Society came up with objections that KITCO had cut down trees in the island as part of the project. Following this KITCO quit the project,\" said Muhamma grama panchayat president Deepa Ajithkumar.\"The island, which is a home to 88 species of birds, 58 species of fish, 23 varieties of spiders, 34 species of butterflies and more than 160 plant species, is in a bad shape, as there is no control over the number of visitors,\" Deepa said.\"The authorities should show courage to execute development projects announced by them in a time -bound manner. Pathiramanal has a lot of tourism potential and it should be tapped in a better way for attracting tourists and film directors,\" said Sudheen P S, a native of Muhamma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15114820", "title": "Mini Bengal elated over Pranabda's win", "text": "COIMBATORE: Amarnath Chatterjee, 72, was glued to the TV in the run up to the Presidential election until it was conclusively established that Pranab Mukherjee will be the 13th President of India. He was one among the many members of Bengali community in the city, who felt immense pride in a renowned politician from their home state becoming the first citizen of India.\"It is a moment of great pride for all of us and we are elated that a Bengali is becoming the head of the Indian Republic. We exchanged greetings and called up our friends in the city,\" said Ayan Chatterjee, a resident of Tatabad in the city.Ayan Chatterjee's wife Soma said as soon as it became evident that Pranab will win the race to the Rashtrapathi Bhavan, she started spreading the word among her friends. The Bengali Association in Coimbatore has also decided to send congratulatory email messages to Pranabda.Pinanku Das, a mechanical engineer settled at Puliyakulam, is just back from Atlanta after an official assignment, but he claimed he was closely following the presidential race even in the US. Though Das is not directly acquainted with Pranab he added that other family members had ties with the Congress stalwart from West Bengal.\"My brother-in-law, Indraneel Kar, is associated with the West Bengal Pradesh Congress Committee and is well acquainted with Pranab Mukherjee himself. He is an IT professional and was also involved in developing the official website of the Congress Committee in West Bengal,\" said Pinanku Das.Jibatosh Dasgupta, a resident of KK Pudur in the city, claimed that he was extremely happy after Pranab Mukherjee's victory but not just because of his regional identity. \"I have the highest regard for Pranab Mukherjee as an individual but we have to admit that we have had numerous charismatic Presidents in the past,\" said Jibatosh Dasgupta.According to the Bengali Association, Coimbatore, there are about 10,000 Bengalis residing in the city and many among them are goldsmiths.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15114157", "title": "Daily AC BEST pass for Rs 150 likely", "text": "MUMBAI: If this proposal is cleared at the BEST meeting on Tuesday, you will soon be able to travel in any AC or non-AC bus throughout the day for unlimited journeys by paying just Rs 150.The proposal to introduce a novel 'daily bus pass' system for King Long AC buses (and applicable for any other bus in the fleet) will come up for clearance at the BEST committee meeting on Tuesday. If approved, several commuters are likely to benefit from this facility.BEST committee member Ravi Raja said it was a good decision by the administration to introduce a daily bus pass for AC buses. \"In future, several commuters will opt for our AC buses and we need to promote them in a big way.\" He said it was important to get a feedback on the proposed AC daily pass from commuters.A senior BEST official said that the existing daily bus pass is of Rs 40, which allows unlimited journeys in non-AC buses. \"Since there was a demand for daily bus pass which would be all-inclusive\u2014AC or non-AC bus\u2014we are experimenting with the Rs 150 bus pass. The proposal has not yet come up before the BEST committee,\" he said. The BEST also plans to spruce up its AC fleet and is experimenting with a CNG-run Volvo on the Oshiwara-Backbay route.In future, the King Long buses are likely to be replaced by CNG Volvos.\"The Volvos can be bought free of cost and in return, we should hand over the advertising rights on buses to the manufacturers for a fixed tenure,\" a committee member added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15115447", "title": "Government to ink MoU tomorrow for software park in Sindri", "text": "RANCHI: The state government will sign a memorandum of understanding (MoU) for setting up of a software technology park at Sindri in Dhanbad district. The park will come up on a plot of around three acres.State's principal secretary of the information technology (IT) department N N Sinha said the department would sign the MoU with the Software Technology Park of India (STPI) on Wednesday. This will be the third park in the state after Ranchi and Jamshedpur.Talking about the plans of taking e-governance to remote places of the state through Pragya Kendras, Sinha said in near future all the panchayats of Jharkhand would have such Kendras. \"At present, 2,800 Pragya Kendras are functioning in the state but we have the target of setting around 4,600 such kendras. Of them, around 1,000 kendras face problems in getting connection through optic fibre cables. We are working on a plan to get them connected through satellite,\" he added.To ensure better and uninterrupted connectivity, the state government is also working on plans to sign an agreement with the Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited. \"Under the new agreement, the company will get paid for the duration for which the service is provided. In case of any disruption in service, the company will not get the payment,\" said Sinha.Referring to a query on disturbance in telecom service because of damaged underground optic fibre cables especially in places where road widening projects are in progress, Sinha said the state government had already asked telecom companies to ensure shifting of cables before any project begins.On the proposed IT conference here on Wednesday in which experts from all over the country will participate, the secretary said, \"The theme of the conference will be surging ahead with technology.\" Experts from global majors like Infosys, Microsoft and Tata Steel will participate in the conference. Around 45 potential investors will also participate in the conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15115695", "title": "Naag Panchami is Raksha Bandhan for for Kannadigas", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Uma Shubh Kumar is all set to make \"pooran poli\" before she ties rakhi to her brother. Naag Panchami for her is Raksha Bandhan as is for the other 250 families of Karnataka settled in the city. Away from her native place, Gauri Jambagi cannot find ant hills to serve milk and offer obeisance, but visiting the temple makes her day.While people in city offer milk and vermillion powder to snake idols in city temples, people in Karnataka celebrate it as a bonding between sister and brother. Also for Sane there will be no knife or fried food allowed in the kitchen during Naag Panchami which marks the start of the festival season in Maharashtra.Uma who had smeared the back of her brother with turmeric and cooked his favourite pooran poli early in the morning had been eagerly waiting for her gift. \"Besides offering milk to the naag, we tie rakhi and ask for gifts in return,\" said Uma.Feeling nostalgic, Gauri recalls \"bartey\" (sugar made toys) which are specially made in her house and not readily available in the city. \"People go to temples and snake pits in temples to worship naag. We prepare ladoos at home and offer to the gods. We buy bartey from our home and stock it for this occasion,\" said Gauri, a resident of sector 70.And for Marathis, this day is auspicious as it announces the onset of festivals to come. \"Snake is considered as a protector to farmers. We cook bhindi (chana mixed in jaggery which is boiled) and wheat made kheer,\" said M B Sane, resident of sector 15.For these communities the festival is a family occasion as everyone gets together at home or in temples. \"We make naag impression using 'chandan' and worship it as a protector,\" said Sane.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15112678", "title": "Australian coach for Indian hockey girls", "text": "NEW DELHI: The wait for a foreign coach for the Indian women's team is finally over. Neil Hawgood, a former Australian striker and a member of the 1986 World Cup winning team, was named by Hockey India (HI) as the first foreign coach of the women's team on Monday. Hawgood, who was a teammate of men's coach Michael Nobbs in the 1988 Olympics, will take charge of the national team in Bhopal on Tuesday.Minutes after being named as the coach, the 50-year-old said that he had identified the areas he wanted to work with the team in a bid to help it qualify for the 2014 World Cup. \"I saw this team play in a tournament in Perth last year and I must say that I was impressed the way they were attacking. Attack is the team's strength, so we need to work on other aspects of their game like defence. Fitness is another aspect where we need to work on,\" he said here.\"If you are fit, you can make correct decisions and these two factors play big roles in deciding your fate in a match. I want to make these players believe that when they play top teams in the world, they can beat them,\" said the former player who was the coach of the West Australian Institute of Sports (WAIS) for the last eight years.To help Hawgood achieve this objective, HI secretary general Narinder Batra also named Ben Dascombe as exercise physiologist. The duo had worked together for two years at WAIS.Asked about his goal as the new coach, Hawgood said : \"For you success may mean winning a gold or a silver or a bronze. For me, it will mean ensuring that these players improve as a team. We will be striving to become the best team in Asia, which means we will be getting closer to being a threat on the world stage.\"Hawgood said he had spoken to Nobbs before taking over the responsibility. \"I spoke to him about it last year and he asked if I was interested in it.\"Commenting on the appointment, Batra said that it was a step towards raising the bar of the women's team. He also said that the current coach CR Kumar would continue to be with the team and report to the Australian. Batra said Hawgood has been appointed by Hockey India and he will come under the Sports Authority of India (SAI) after the Olympics. \"SAI usually hires from Olympics to Olympics. We would like to have him till the 2016 Olympics.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15114255", "title": "Capt Lakshmi Sahgal dead", "text": "KANPUR: The 'tigress' of Azad Hind Fauj and veteran leader of the Communist Party of India-Marxist, Captain Lakshmi Sahgal breathed her last at a private hospital in the city on Monday. She was 97. She is survived by daughters Subhashini Ali and Anisa Puri, her grandchildren Shaad Ali, Neha and Nishant Puri and sister Mrinalini Sarabhai.Sahgal suffered cardiac arrest on the morning of July 19, which was followed by a brain stroke from which she could never recover. She breathed her last at around 11.20 a.m. on Monday morning. As per her wishes, Lakshmi would not be cremated instead her eyes and body would be donated to the medical collage.Her colleague Manavati Arya, who was a member of the India Independence League and later joined the INA in an administrative capacity, despite her illness and old age visited the hospital on a wheel-chair to pay her respect to the departed soul.Manavati recalled that despite being the commander of the regiment and a cabinet minister, Lakshmi was never bossy or authoritarian. She was always friendly and affectionate towards all the women soldiers of the regiment, she said.Yadupati Singhania, MD &amp; CEO of JK Group of companies, who visited the hospital on Monday, paid glowing tributes to Sahgal, \"She was a leading freedom fighter and commander of Subhash Chandra Bose's famous 'Rani of Jhansi' regiment who championed the cause of freedom even in her student life. She was a very popular young freedom fighter and political leader. Her contribution to the nation is unforgettable.\"He further said that the departed leader remained dedicated to her mission till her last breath. \"Her eyes and body would be donated to the medical college as per her wish. The eyes will give vision to some visually impaired and the body will be used for medical studies,\" he added.Despite health problems, Lakshmi used to attend to patients at her clinic in the Civil Lines area of the city besides taking part in social and political activities. Her selfless work with the needy brought her much acclaim -- she was honoured with many awards, including the Padma Vibhushan, the second highest civilian award, in 1998.She was born on October 24, 1914, as Lakshmi Swaminathan in Chennai, Madras Presidency, British India to S Swaminathan, a lawyer who practiced criminal law at Madras High Court. Her mother was A V Ammukutty, popularly known as Ammu Swaminathan, a social worker and a freedom fighter from the prominent Vadakkath family of Anakkara in Palghat, Kerala.When Lakshmi finished studying science in college in 1932, she had the option to go abroad for further studies, as had been promised by her father, but she was determined to become a doctor to serve the poor and joined medical college the same year.She received an MBBS degree from the Madras Medical College in 1938. A year later, she received her diploma in gynaecology and obstetrics. Her college years were eventful. Apart from the pressure of studies, political activities surrounded her both at home and outside.By this time, her mother had become active in the Congress and in the All India Women's Conference. But Lakshmi was attracted to a more militant brand of politics. She heard and was impressed by Subhash Chandra Bose.In 1940, at the age of 26, she left for Singapore, where she established a clinic for the poor, most of whom were migrant labourers from India. It was at this time that she began to play an active role in the India Independence League.The India Independence League in Singapore organized a huge rally on the July 6, 1943. All the men and officers who had rallied to the Indian National Army were there in their military formations and so was almost every member of the Indian community in the city. Subhash Chandra Bose made an inspiring speech in which he promised them their freedom in exchange for blood.That evening, Netaji met with the leaders of the India Independence League and placed his astonishing proposal before them. He was determined to raise and train a regiment of Indian women. The Japanese had laughed him out of court but he remained firm, determined that he would ask his own countrymen to contribute to the cost of this unusual regiment. He asked the league members to suggest the name of a woman who could lead the regiment. For the moment, this was the only problem he could foresee. He was convinced that once a leader was identified, recruitment would not be a problem. Lakshmi's name was suggested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15115643", "title": "Devotees throng Shiv temples, offer milk on Nag Panchami", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Thousands of devotees thronged Shiv temples in the city on the occasion of Nag Panchami on Monday. Various crossings of the city including Gudia Talab, Mahila Gram near Sulem Sarai, Bairana, Balughat Ghat, Katghar, Salori, Hashimpur etc were decked up and organised fair at local level. From rides (jhula), sweets, balloons, toys and edibles were on sale at the fair at these locations.Besides children enjoying the mela, devotees thronged the shiv temple of the city and offered milk, bel Patra, etc to the idols of lord shiv. Along with these, snakes are worshipped on Nag Panchami and snake charmers were seen in various streets. In rural areas, teenagers float a doll made of raw cloth in a lake or pond. Then others beat these dolls with sticks and exchange sweets on this occasion. The ritual is called 'Gudia' in rural areas. Locals also flew kites on the occasion.Every small and big temples of Lord Shiva witnessed heavy rush of devotees, and maximum rush was witnessed in the Mankameshwar Temple and Padila Mahadeo temple at Phaphamau, where devotees queued up since early morning. The devotees offered milk, honey, sandalwood paste and leaves of wood apple on 'shivalingas'. Equal rush was witnessed at the temple of Shivkuti.Throwing light on the importance of the occasion, Dr Ram Naresh Tripathi said that Mondays, or Somvar, in the month of Shrawan is considered highly auspicious for praying to Lord Shiva. It is believed that the worship of Shiva during Shrawan month is 108 times more powerful than worshipping during normal days. Millions of devout Hindus observe the Shrawan Somwar Vrat - fasting and performing Pujas After the morning bath and other purification rituals. Lord Ganesha is first prayed to and next, Lord Shiva is prayed to by chanting Om Namah Shivaya. The offerings that are made are Bilva leaves, white flowers, water, honey and milk. If you have Shivling at home you can do abhishek with water, honey or milk. Fasting on the day is from sunrise to sunset, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "san jose", "code": "15117034", "title": "Cisco Systems to lay off 1,300 employees", "text": "SAN JOSE: Cisco Systems is preparing to lay off about 1,300 employees just a few months after the world's largest maker of computer networking equipment warned that growing economic uncertainty is making it tougher to close sales with its customers.The cuts announced Monday represent about 2 per cent of Cisco System's payroll of 65,000 workers.The upcoming layoffs represent the company's latest austerity measure. Last year, Cisco shed about 10,000 jobs as part of a program aimed at saving about $1 billion annually.Cisco says it is shedding jobs to simplify its operations and adjust to changing economic conditions around the world. The company, which is based in San Jose , California , didn't specify what parts of its operations will be trimmed.\"We routinely review our business to determine where we need to align investment based on growth opportunities,\" the company said in a statement. \"Additionally, we continue to evaluate our organizational structure as part of our plan to drive simplicity, speed of decisions and agility across Cisco.\"The belt-tightening comes after Cisco offered revenue guidance for its current quarter that was well below Wall Street expectations. Cisco cautioned its revenue for the period that ends this month is like to increase by as little as 2 per cent from the same time last year. At the time that guidance was issued in early May, analysts had been anticipating a revenue increase of 7 per cent.Cisco CEO John Chambers said the company might have to adjust to rapidly shifting economic conditions beyond its control. In particular, he said the buyers of Cisco's networking gear were becoming more reluctant to make big purchases because of shaky economic conditions in Europe and other parts of the world, including India.\"We will muddle through this with a little bit of bumps on the road,\" Chambers told industry analysts back in May.Cisco's shares shed 29 cents, or nearly 2 percent, to close Monday at $16.07, then dipped another 20 cents in extended trading.The company is scheduled to release its results for the current quarter on August 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15113097", "title": "Nashik forest department says no to snake exhibition", "text": "NASHIK: Deputy conservator of forests, Arvind Patil, said that exhibition of snakes without permission is not allowed and such an act would attract action by the department.Two groups of 'Friends of Snakes' - who have been given permission to rescue snakes from civilian areas - clashed against each other on the issue of demonstration of snakes for raising awareness at Nashik Road. Both could not register the complaint against each other with the police as the cops told them it was beyond their jurisdiction. The forest department said it could take cognizance of the matter.\"Any activity such as the exhibition of snakes, even if it is meant to raise awareness by 'Friends of Snakes' would attract punishment as this is not allowed. Cases have been registered in the past for such offences,\" Patil said.The official also said that in case 'Friends of Snakes' does not adhere to norms, the licences given to them to catch snakes will be revoked.Ruturang, a cultural group, had organized an exhibition of snakes for raising awareness about the same against the backdrop of Nagpanchami. Manish Godbole, member of 'Friends of Snakes', was called for the same. As Godbole was explaining about the snakes, Manik Kumavat \u2014 another member\u2014 intervened and challenged exhibition of snakes. Both of them were summoned by Nashik Road police. However, after hearing both sides, cops refused to intervene saying it was beyond their jurisdiction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15114470", "title": "Hindu group moves HC against MLA, govt", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Akhil Bharat Hindu Mahasabha on Monday moved the Delhi high court seeking contempt of court proceedings against MLA Shoaib Iqbal, the central government and Delhi's police chief for allegedly allowing illegal construction at an excavated site near the historic Jama Masjid.ABHM sought in its petition the removal of construction at the site, where a mosque was being built by some residents and thousands offered Friday prayers claiming that ruins of a Mughal-era mosque were found there.Acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw took note of the ABHM petition and posted the matter for July 25 when the main matter will come up for hearing and police would submit a status report.The HC had on Friday stayed construction work at the site..Vice president of ABHM S S Sai Baba and two members filed the application seeking contempt action for act \"by conspirators who are habitual encroachers, land grabber and law breakers\".The contempt plea seeks action against the MLA, councillor Khurram Iqbal, Delhi Metro chief Mangu Singh, municipal commissioner P K Gupta, police chief Neeraj Kumar and the central government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15115004", "title": "Troika\u2019s deaths made Abu Jundal shift base to Saudi Arabia", "text": "MUMBAI: The killing of Harkat-ul-Jihad-Islami commander Illyas Kashmiri in 2009, the sudden death of Abu Hamza and then the killing of Osama bin Laden in the Abbottabad operation by US Navy Seals forced Zabiuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal to move out of Pakistan and look for a safe place in Saudi Arabia, a source said.Jundal told police that after the 2008 attacks and US pressure, the Pakistan government was forced to act. It was when the Jamaat-ud-D awa (JuD), the Laskar's charitable trust, was forced to shut down. During all this, Jundal got close to JuD member Ismail Shaban, who used to rent out excavators for construction work.\"As the Pakistan government took action against Lashkar-e-T aiba ( LeT ) members, including chief Hafiz Saeed, Jundal found a with a daughter, who is now three. Jundal and his father-inlaw were operating a secondhand car-selling business in Rawalpindi, when he learned about the killing of Kashmiri in a US drone attack on June 3, 2011. A year later, he learned about the death of Hamza, with whom he had shared close ties in the control room which monitored the 26 /11 atsafe haven in Shaban's house, where he fell in love with his daughter Mariam and married her,'' an officer said.For two years, everything went well and as the Pakistan police carried out surprise raids on LeT's offices to track down some 26 /11 handlers and the six handlers present in the control room monitoring the 2008 attack , Jundal was blessed tacks. \"He said he was depressed on learning about his death ,'' said one of the six officers interrogating Jundal.Jundal said Hamza died following an illness. \"Pressure from the Pakistan government, US operations in that country last year , and circumstances forced him to move to Saudi Arabia . But he was caught there ,'' the officer said .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15115613", "title": "Mobile van to spread awareness on unmanned level crossings", "text": "ALLAHABAD: To put a check on accidents at unmanned level crossings(ULCs), North Central Railway is launching a public awareness drive near such crossings with the help of a Mobile Video Van (MVV).The Mobile Video Van would disseminate information among the public on the precautions to be taken while crossing the unmanned crossings.The van consists of a 55-inche high definition LED television which as far is the best medium for delivering the message to the target audience in most effective way. The Mobile Video Van is the best medium to reach out to people in remote villages as well as urban areas to make them aware of all the railway safety policies and initiatives taken by the North Central Railway.The number of accidents at unmanned crossings is a cause of concern. At present, there are 31,846 level crossings in the Indian Railways, out of which 13,530 are unmanned. In North Central Railway, there are 460 unmanned crossings.NCR also organises regular awareness drives among the public regarding the railway safety polices at the railway crossings. During the drive, public awareness campaign is being organized to counsel villagers, educational institutions and road users and make them aware of the provision of Motor vehicles Act and Railway Act by distributing posters, pamphlets, handbills in gram panchayats, markets, petrol pumps and other public places.Many campaigns through newspapers, TV and radio are also being organised. Street plays are also organised to spread awareness about the safety measures to be taken at unmanned crossings.To enhance the safety and reduce inconvenience to road users, busy level crossings are now being replaced by Road Over Bridges, Road Under Bridges and Limited Height Sub Ways (LHS).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15115579", "title": "2.5L footfall at Deoghar on third Monday", "text": "RANCHI: Chaotic scenes were witnessed at the Baidyanathdham temple on the third Monday of Shravan month as it drew around 2.5 lakh \"kanwariyas\" (devotees). The priests said the day was more auspicious than other Mondays because of Nag Panchami.General secretary of the Panda Dharma Rakshani Sabha Durlav Mishra said the footfall was at its highest because of Nag Panchami. Like previous Mondays, the queues of \"kanwariyas\" started from Nandan Pahar. A queue of 17 km comprising devotees, mostly men, was witnessed outside the temple. At the end of the day, over 60,000 \"kanwariyas\" could not visit the sanctum sanctorum.Deoghar SP Subodh Prasad said the crowd management was tough. \"Five probationer IPS officers, who were deployed for crowd management, have returned. It was challenging though we have managed,\" the SP added.Around 1,000 VIP visitors had queued up through a special passageway to offer prayers inside the sanctum sanctorum. \"Only 500 passes for VIPs were issued but the number was around 1,000 because relatives of security personnel made their ways,\" said a priest.Women \"kanwariyas\" who had waited outside the shrine throughout the night to offer prayers were allowed first. Temple magistrate R K Jha said though they were a few in numbers as compared to men, preference was given to the women.\"The number was so huge that they had to wait for hours to visit the shrine,\" said Jha. Sources said chaotic scenes were created in the morning inside the sanctum sanctorum where priests used sticks to control the devotees. \"A couple of women had also fainted but nothing untoward happened,\" said a source.The CCTV camera footage, which is being displayed at several display boards outside the temple, showed a melee of crowd grappling with one another in the rush to touch the Shiva Linga. It left several women \"kanwariyas\" high and dry.A person deployed at the announcement booth inside the shrine confirmed that several women made panic calls to their relatives. \"The toughest thing is to enter inside the sanctum. After they enter, it is again difficult to come out. The suffocating moment inside the shrine leaves many devotees, especially elderly people harried and hopeless,\" said a district administration official.Jawahar Kumar, the in charge of 22 announcement booths in the district and district public relation officer, said over 2,000 \"kanwariyas\" used the announcement booths on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15113527", "title": "\u2018Uncertainty shrouds ex-CM\u2019s political future\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Former chief minister Ashok Chavan's plans to return to active politics hangs in the balance following the explanation of his role in the multicrore Adarsh housing society scam, say observers.In a chargesheet filed before the special court, the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) submitted that Chavan misused his official position when he was the revenue minister in 2000 and later, in 2009, when he was the CM.As revenue minister, Chavan allegedly admitted civilians as members of the society so that he could grant membership to close relatives. Significantly, in his statement before the Adarsh commission, Chavan had said he was not responsible for admitting civilian members.Chavan's name had figured in the FIR lodged by the CBI on January 29, 2011. But he was hopeful that in view of the affidavit filed by the state government before the Bombay high court on January 18, 2011, and again on June 29, 2012, the CBI might not file the chargesheet.In its January 18 affidavit, the state had submitted before the court that there was no need to consider the request of the petitioner to hand over the probe to the CBI. The government had made it clear that the issues of irregularity raised by the petitioner were well within the jurisdiction of the state and it was competent to probe them. On June 29, the government filed a fresh affidavit before the high court on the same grounds.Chavan was also understood to have felt that the CBI would not proceed further in the case as the judicial commission had submitted that the land belonged to the state and there was no reservation for Kargil war heroes.\"However, Chavan's assumptions proved wrong. After lodging the FIR, the CBI named him in the chargesheet. Further, there was no impact of the outcome of the proceedings before the commission on the litigation,\" said a close aide of the former CM.He further said that in view of the findings of the judicial commission and the stand taken by the state before the high court, Chavan was expecting a huge relief. But now that the CBI has filed the chargesheet, it appears that Chavan has a long battle ahead of him, the aide points out, adding: \"His immediate political rehabilitation appears to be a distant dream.\"Spl court to hear Adarsh case after HCThe special CBI court on Monday enquired with the prosecution on the status of the PIL filed in the Adarsh scam.\"The court made an enquiry, to which we replied that the Bombay high court had adjourned the matter till August 3,\" said special public prosecutor Bharat Badami.On the PIL, the high court is also likely to hear the objections raised by the state over the CBI's jurisdiction to investigate the case. The next date of hearing in the special CBI court is August 6, which is after the HC hearing.On July 4, the CBI filed the over-10,000-page document before the registrar of the sessions court. \"The court is expected to decide on the jurisdiction only after the HC decides on the affidavit,\" said defence lawyer Swapana Kode. The CBI had booked the accused for criminal conspiracy, cheating and criminal misconduct under Sections 120(B) and 420 of the IPC and Section 13(1)(d) of the Prevention of Corruption Act. -- tnnGovt tables Marathi version of reportThe Maharashtra government on Monday tabled a Marathi version of the two-member committee's report on the Adarsh housing society before the legislature. During the budget session, it had tabled only the English version.The report is on the ownership of land, which the commission\u2014after conducting an inquiry and looking at various documents\u2014said belonged to the state.In the legislative council, the opposition demanded that the state release the list of benami flats in the housing society. It also staged a walkout against the government's \"delaying tactics\". -- tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15115698", "title": "The \u2018pride of Kanpur\u2019 had gone forever", "text": "KANPUR: Capt Lakshmi Saghal would always remain alive in the hearts of the people who also came to bid adieu to the legendary freedom fighter. VIPs and masses gathered to pay obeisance to her. The news of her demise spread like wild fire in the city and the people, who had been following her health condition for past few days, started reaching the hospital. A number of people standing on the road gave teary adieu to Capt Saghal.Those who were not aware about the death of the great freedom fighter stopped on coming to know about it. The patients who were treated by Dr Saghal, too reached the hospital to pay last respect to her.The hospital staff members said that they had never thought that person of such a stature would come to their hospital for treatment.Hundreds of people gathered outside the private hospital and the movement of the traffic on the main Lajpat Nagar road got paralysed. The traffic police remained busy is managing the crowd.All of them wanted to have a last glimpse of Lakshmi Seghal. The residents of Lajpat Nagar, Shivaji Nagar and Gumti reached the hospital. By afternoon, the rush of people grew into thousands.The ambulance carrying the body of the freedom fighter was followed by hundreds of people to her bungalow. The family members, including her daughter Subhashini Ali, grandson and noted film director Shaad Ali and others could not stop tears from rolling out of their eyes.The people were seen uttering that the 'Fame of Kanpur' had passed away. Others said that Capt Lakshmi Saghal was a source of inspiration for women. People appreciated her courage of doing medical practice even at such an old age. Her admirers said that Saghal had a lot to teach to the present generation.Capt Lakshmi was a true patriot and a loyalist who served the nation and the poor. Wrapped in the Tri-colour, Capt Saghal was paid homage by many.Politicians like MLA Ajay Kapoor, Satish Mahana, Satyadeo Pachauri, former mayor Ravindra Patni and others reached Saghal's bungalow in Civil Lines for 'darshan'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "tirunelveli", "code": "15115774", "title": "Dalit outfits seek memorial for Manjolai victims", "text": "TIRUNELVELI: Dalit outfits have demanded the construction of a memorial for 17 persons who died during the Manjolai tea estates protest, in 1999, in Tirunelveli. The victims had died either because of drowning in Tamiraparani river or due to fatal injuries, after police chased them away during their protest demanding higher wages in Manjolai tea estates.Dalit leaders, who paid tributes on the banks of Tamirabarani marking the 13th anniversary of the ghastly incident, have urged the state government to build a memorial for the victims in the river banks.In a joint press conference, Viduthalai Chiruthaigal Katchi leader Thol Thirumavalavan, Tamilaga Makkal Munnetra Kazhagam leader John Pandian and functionaries of Athi Tamilar Peravai and Tamil Puligal, said that it was pertinent that a memorial should be built to remain as a symbol of police excesses on dalit people.Earlier, CPI state secretary D Pandian, Puthiya Tamilagam leader K Krishnaswamy, CPM functionaries also paid tributes.On July 23, 1999, a large number of labourers from the tea estates of Manjolai congregated in Tirunelveli and marched towards the collectorate demanding the release of a number of estate workers, who were arrested earlier for staging protest demanding better wages. The workers were being paid Rs 70 per day then and they were demanding the pay to be increased to Rs 100. The workers were also demanding maternity leave, periodical breaks for women during the eight-hour-long duty. They were also opposing the decision of the estate owners to force workers to stay in sheds with poor facilities and deny right to rear cattle or even raise gardens.A large contingent of stone throwing and lathi-wielding police brutally assaulted the protestors forcing them to run towards the river. As police continued to chase them to the river, many got into the river and drowned. Justice Mohan commission that probed into the incident submitted that 11 of the 17 died due to drowning, while rest died due to injuries.Even now, much of their demands have not been met, but the estate workers have since been kept satisfied with a pay of Rs 138 per day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15115261", "title": "In three days, dam water levels up 0.94 TMC", "text": "PUNE: The collective live storage in the four dams that supply water to the city was 4.94 TMC on Monday, 16.93% of the total capacity. This is just .94 TMC more than the level recorded on Friday.Officials of the state irrigation department said the increase was not substantial since the catchment areas have not been getting much rain for the last three days.The catchment areas of Khadakwasla dam have received no rainfall since Sunday morning, while Temghar has had 25 mm and Panshet and Varasgaon recorded 17 mm and 14 mm rainfall respectively.\"On Monday too, between 8 am and 5 pm, Khadakwasla received no rainfall. Temghar received 14 mm, while Panshet and Varasgaon received 2 mm each,\" said an official of the irrigation department.He said that last week heavy rainfall had resulted in an increase of around 1.76 TMC water in the dams in just two days. An official said that the level of Pavana dam, which provides water to Pimpri-Chinchwad was 2.66 TMC on Monday. The dam has received about 1,006 mm rainfall since June 1.Dams Water levels Today's rainfall Rainfall since June 1Temghar 0. 42 TMC 14 mm693 mmVarasgaon 1.54 TMC2 mm708 mmPanshet 2.04 TMC2 mm651 mmKhadakwasla0.94 TMCnil90 mm", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "15115047", "title": "A vote to Sangma hits Tripura politics", "text": "AGARTALA: A vote against Pranab Mukherjee in the just-concluded presidential election has triggered a controversy in Tripura. Both the ruling CPI-M and opposition Congress are blaming each other for cross- voting despite committing to support Pranab.The election result reveals that out of 57 votes cast in Tripura, Pranab got 56 and one went to P A Sangma . However, both the parties opposed to Sangma.The ruling CPI-M has pointed fingers at lone INPT legislator Bijoy Kr Hrankhwal for voting in favour of Sangma, indicating that the issue of tribal sentiment and political differences with Mukherjee was the reason of cross-voting. Both Congress and INPT have denied the claim and stated that CPI-M had hatched a conspiracy to scrap the political alliance in anti-Left forces.Leader of the opposition, Ratan Lal Nath, said, \"Voting was done in secret ballots. How can the CPI-M allege that Sangma got Hrankhwal's vote. Rather, I believe, it is a planned conspiracy of CPI-M and may be chief minister Manik Sarkar himself cast his ballot for Sangma for politics.\"However, he stated that the Congress party would go for investigation in the case.Hrankhwal said, \"This is an attempt of the ruling party to malign me for its narrow political interests in the coming assembly elections.\" He added that political activities of Congress and INPT have put Manik Sarkar in trouble in all 20 tribal reserve seats and it was nothing but an attempt to breach INPT's relation with Congress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15113457", "title": "Rane urges govt to clear PWD contractors' dues", "text": "PORVORIM: Leader of opposition Pratapsingh Rane demanded that the government clear the dues of small PWD contractors, while speaking on a cut motion moved by him on the issue.Stating that \"lots of bills are pending within the PWD\", Rane spoke of a small-time contractor he knew from Sattari who the PWD owes 90 lakh and urged the government to look into it.Stating that even if the previous government had not cleared the contractors' dues, Rane said that the newly-elected government should do so. In his cut motion, Rane lamented the increasing potholes on the roads and attributed them to the failure in conducting pre-monsoon work. Tenders were also floated in only a few contituencies, Rane said.\"Don't be partial to only your own constituencies and please take up the required work immediately after the monsoon,\" the opposition leader said, adding that since \"Goa is a tourist destination, the roads require to be smooth\". Rane also moved a cut motion over the failure to provide proper financial support to the Kadamba transport service (KTC), for failing to provide proper transport services in remote areas and to increase the number of buses operated by KTC locally, thereby causing hardships to the public.\"The government has not given sufficient funds to the KTC and hence the corporation should run as a subsidized transport system,\" said Rane, adding that the KTC needs to be in operation even if it runs into losses.Margao MLA Digambar Kamat said that KTC should get more buses to run on shuttle service routes because a lot of people travel along those routes. Speaking on PWD demands, Kamat demanded that the government bring about a subsidies scheme so that people can apply for sewerage connections in Margao and Fatorda. He also said that even if the government is reviewing the tenders issued during the previous government, the PWD should take up urgent work after the assembly session.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "15115038", "title": "UNC defers 96-hour bandh in Manipur's 'Naga areas'", "text": "IMPHAL: The United Naga Council (UNC), which had announced a 96-hour total bandh in 'Naga areas' of the state from Monday midnight to denounce what it termed as the \"indifferent attitude\" of the government to its longstanding demand for an alternative arrangement of the Nagas in the state, has deferred the stir.A conglomerate of several Naga civil and student bodies of the state, the UNC has been campaigning for an alternative administrative arrangement for the Nagas in Manipur for the last few years.\"In view of the Centre's response that the matter is under active consideration with a request to withdraw the agitation, and also taking into account the consultation on the Indo-Naga peace process being taken up by the Naga Hoho in the last week of July, it has been decided to defer the bandh,\" a UNC statement released on Sunday evening, said.It said communication received from the ministry of home affairs (MHA) indicated that the matter of the tripartite talks on the alternative arrangement for the Nagas in Manipur independent of the state government pending settlement of the Indo-Naga issue is under active consideration.\"If the communication from the MHA is not translated into initiatives for holding the next round of tripartite talks or intervention with an alternative arrangement for the Nagas in Manipur by August 10, it has been decided to take up intensive measures as deemed fit to pursue the goal of our political pursuit,\" the statement added. The UNC informed all constituent Naga tribe Hohos, frontal and regional organizations to continue 'being in readiness for people's actions' as would be determined by the response or otherwise of the Centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15113705", "title": "Politicos, government officers in Kakinada among property tax defaulters", "text": "HYDERABAD: A recent RTI reply has revealed that the local politicians and government offices in Kakinada town are the biggest evaders of property tax. According to information furnished by the municipal corporation office of Kakinada on July 11, there are 660 individuals who have to pay a tax amount of more than Rs 20,000 each and they owe a total of Rs 17 crore to the government.Prominent in the defaulters' list includes former Kakinada MLA Muthha Gopalkrishna, who has to pay Rs 2.18 lakh as property tax which includes arrears and penalties. Similarly, sitting Congress MLA from Kakinada town Dwarampudi Chandrasekhara Reddy owes Rs 51,530. TDP MLC Boddu Bhaskara Rama Rao has to pay Rs 93,921. The ruling party is also a major violator as the East Godavari district Congress office in Kakinada town has to pay Rs 12 lakh property tax.Coming to government offices, the district collector's office has to pay Rs 75 lakh, office of district superintendent of police Rs 30 lakh, district treasury office Rs 33 lakh, R&B; district engineer office Rs 20 lakh, district rural development authority office Rs 16 lakh and district medical and health office Rs 13 lakh.The RTI applicant from Kakinada, P Venkatramu said, \"This is a clear case of discrimination between the influential in town and the ordinary citizens. Why are the revenue officials not acting when so many local politicians and other rich citizens have not paid the property tax from so long? There are also many government departments who have defaulted and the concerned officials seem least interested in it.\" He demanded that the properties of the defaulters should be immediately attached or he would approach Lok Ayukta on this matter very soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15113806", "title": "Loss due to VAT reduction on petrol Rs 165cr: CM", "text": "PORVORIM: The average estimated loss of revenue to Goa due to reduction of VAT on petrol to 0.1% would be approximately 165 crore per annum, chief minister Manohar Parrikar said on Monday.Replying to a starred question by Fatorda MLA Vijai Sardesai, Parrikar, who is also the finance minister, said that the loss of revenue due to reduction in VAT on petrol for the months of April and May was 30.68 crore- 15.70 crore in April and 14.98 crore in May. The forecast of 165 crore is based on the above figures. Sardesai also wanted to know the estimated financial burden on the state treasury due to freezing of LPG prices in Goa for the next five years. Parrikar replied that LPG for domestic use is exempt from VAT since July 2010 and hence the estimated financial burden due to freezing of LPG prices cannot be quantified as of now.Sardesai also demanded the additional revenue mobilization measures adopted by the government to compensate for the loss due to reduction in VAT on petrol.Parrikar cited 13 measures. These include increase in VAT rate on foreign liquor and beer from 20% to 22%; increase in VAT on Indian made foreign liquor, including beer, from 20% to 22%; increase in VAT rate of tobacco, manufacture tobacco and products like cigarette, tooth paste containing tobacco, chewing tobacco and raw tobacco from 20% to 22%.Parrikar also mentioned the increase in VAT on aerated and carbonated non-alcoholic beverages, on cooked fast food such as pizzas, burgers, fried chicken, on light motor vehicles costing above 15 lakh from 12.5% to 15% and on two wheelers costing above Rs 2 lakh from 12.5% to 15%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15118394", "title": "Suri Cruise named world's most stylish child", "text": "Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes' daughter Suri has been named the most stylish celebrity child.Four-year-old Suri, whose collection of clothes is said to be worth more than 2 million dollars, was named the most fashionable kid in the public eye, beating Beyonce and Jay-Z's six-month-old daughter Blue Ivy into second place, reports the Daily Express.Will Smith's daughter Willow, 11, came third, while Lionel Richie's four-year-old granddaughter Harlow was fourth, and David and Victoria Beckham's one-year-old daughter Harper, rounded out the top five in the survey by British family-gifting website TwistedTwee.co.uk.\"Aliens and pocket-sized papas haven't hindered Suri in becoming (our) most stylish sprog (child). She was head and tiny shoulders above all over the other celeb children in our poll,\" said website owner Suzi Warren.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "15114501", "title": "A lonely traveller living to tell her tale", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: Her novels are still widely read by people who love Urdu literature. However, Sulekha Hussain (82), a Malayali who is considered one among the good south Indian Urdu novelist, is now leading a lonely life in her house at Vaduthala in Kochi.Urdu is not her mother tongue, but Sulekha had contributed nearly 27 novels and many short stories to Urdu literature. Now she is suffering from many old-age ailments, but she will spring to life if somebody asks her about her works.\"My first novel was Mere Sanam (my beloved) published by Chaman Books, Delhi. I got Rs 50 as reward for it. I was only 20 at that time. It got a good response. Following this, Lashka Books (Delhi) and Hamid Brothers ( Lahore ) came forward to publish my works,\" said Sulekha.She was born and brought up in an affluent family in Mattanchery in 1930. \"I lost my parents at a young age. It was my grandfather, Jani Sait, an Urdu poet, who took care of me. I did my primary education in Mattanchery Asia Bahi Madrassa. There I studied Urdu and Arabic. When my grandfather came to know about my passion for Urdu, he secretly brought home an Urdu teacher, as education was taboo to Muslim women at that time,'' she said.After the demise of her husband, Hussain Sait, and brother Abdulla Sait, she settled down in Vaduthala with her son and daughter. However, fate wasn't very kind to her.\"Faraqu, my only son, died two year ago. Since then I have been living an isolated life with my paralyzed and mentally-retarded daughter,\" she said.\"My most famous novel, Tharikhio ka Bad was translated into Malayalam by K Ravi Varma in the eighties. My novels Lonely Traveller, Pather Kilakir (line of stone), Ek Khyab Hakhikhath (a dream and reality) and Marla he Kali (withered flower bud) are still widely read in north India and Pakistan ,\" said Sulekha.\"My novels mostly told stories of the agony and misery of Indian women. Now my plight isn't very different from my characters, but nobody seems bothered. Even the government is turning a blind eye to my plight,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "15115515", "title": "Koderma station gets facelift worth Rs 8 crore", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Koderma railway station of East Central Railway has been designated as one of the major railway junctions of the zone. After inspecting the new three-storeyed building of the station along with an overbridge on Monday, Varun Bhartuar, the general manager of the East Central Railway, said both were constructed at a cost of Rs 8 crore.\"With this Koderma junction will have all modern amenities like other major railway junctions in the country,\" he said . \"Once it is completed in two-three months, it will start functioning as new junction. A passenger train between Koderma and Nawadih on the Koderma-Giridih route will start running which will link the two important mica belts Koderma and Giridih, he said.The GM said Koderma's rake point would be shifted to newly constructed Pipradih Station on the Koderma-Hazaribag section of the Koderma-Hazaribag-Barkakana-Ran-chi railway line which is currently under construction.It is expected that by the end of this year the Koderma-Hazaribag phase of the railway line would be completed. The shifting of the rake point from the Jhumri-Telaiya town to Pipradih will provide considerable relief to the people.The special amenities provided to new look Koderma junction includes station master's office,VIP waiting room for all the passengers, Special ticket Reservation counters for both-the upper classes and general classes, food plaza and railway canteens. He directed the railway authorities to expedite the work for existing railway platforms and provide drinking water facilities as early as possible. The people of the region presented an memorandum to the general manager demanding halt at Koderma for trains like Howrah-Gasndhidham Superfast Express, Kolkata-Amritsar Superfast Express, Sealdah-Amritsar Superfast Express and Shalimar-Gorakhpur Express which pass through Koderma Station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15113572", "title": "Snatcher tries to jump off bridge, held", "text": "MUMBAI: Two bike-borne snatchers, who struck as many as four times on the Western Express Highway in less than an hour on Sunday, rode into a police nakabandi. While one of them hopped across the divider and escaped, the other fell off the bike. He was caught by cops while attempting to jump off the flyover.\"We have arrested Wasim Qureshi and are looking for his aide, Sameer Shaikh, both 27. They are habitual criminals with a past record. We have recovered three mangalsutras and a gold chain, besides Indian and foreign currency that the duo managed to rob at separate spots on Sunday,\" said senior inspector Pradeep Gosavi.Qureshi and Shaikh usually operated on the WEH. They would target women commuting travelling in taxis or autorickshaws. While Shaikh would ride parallel to the target's vehicle, Qureshi would snatch the woman's jewellery or handbag. Shaikh would then accelerate and the duo would vanish within seconds.Around 4.10pm on Sunday, the accused first struck in Mira Road, then in Borivli and later in Vakola. They then took a U-turn and got back on the north-bound stretch. In Andheri, they snatched a mangalsutra from a 35-year-old woman, Pranjal Farate. Pranjal was travelling in a cab with her husband, Prakash, and their son when the incident occurred. Prakash tried to fight back the robbers and hurt his thumb in the process. The mangalsutra broke and the robbers could make off with only half of it.\"Qureshi and Shaikh were riding on the Andheri flyover, after robbing Farate, when they noticed a nakabandi about 200 metres ahead. They panicked and swerved the bike, hopping across to the other side of the divider. The policemen standing at the bottom of the flyover realized something was wrong. But while Shaikh managed to ride away on the bike, Qureshi lost his balance and fell. As he saw cops approaching towards him, he tried to jump off the flyover and escape. However, he was nabbed immediately,\" Gosavi said.Qureshi, in a bid to mislead the cops, even provided a false name. Later, he admitted that he and his associate had been booked in the past at Goregaon, Mahim, Bandra and Borivli police stations. He also told the police that he had a girlfriend in Mira Road. The cops are cross-checking his claims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15114342", "title": "IT backup for people to get details of electricity bills", "text": "LUCKNOW: The UP Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL) has set a time limit of July 31 for identifying power consumers who will come under the ambit of proposed ambitious Accelerated Power Development Reforms Programme (APDRP). The scheme promises to put in shape the power distribution mechanism, which over a period of time, has deteriorated considerably, if not gone completely haywire.UPPCL chairman, Avanish Awasthi said that the consumers will be covered under the metered power supply system more efficiently enabling the utility to recover dues on a timely basis. The power distribution system, Awasthi said, will have an information technology (IT) back up where people will be able to get the details of their electricity bills through smses and emails, besides providing timely redressal on low voltage and power outages.Moreover, the Centrally funded programme also promises to tap the power distribution feeders for power theft. The programme also proposes to install meters in the distribution transformers to ascertain the load.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15113571", "title": "SC rejects plea of YSR\u2019s wife for probe into Naidu\u2019s assets", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday refused to step into a murky political rivalry-fuelled litigation culture in Andhra Pradesh and rejected a petition by wife of former chief minister Y S R Reddy seeking a CBI probe into alleged disproportionate assets of Telugu Desam Party leader N Chandrababu Naidu .Appearing for Y S Vijaya, senior advocates Ram Jethmalani and Mukul Rohatgi said the High Court, which did not flinch in ordering CBI probe against Jaganmohan Reddy on allegations of amassing illegal wealth on allegations of a rival Congress MLA, cited the political rivalry between her and Naidu to come to a conclusion that political battles must not be fought in court and set aside its earlier order for a preliminary investigation into the TDP leader's wealth.The mother of YSR Congress leader also cited the Supreme Court's decision to order probe into alleged disproportionate assets of Mulayam Singh Yadav despite the PIL being filed by a political rival, Vishwanath Chaturvedi. She said the judiciary must follow a uniform method while ordering probe into alleged disproportionate assets of political leaders.But, a bench of Justices T S Thakur and F M I Kalifulla asked, \"Just because you have to suffer investigation because of a petition filed by a political rival, does it mean that the court had to be dragged into every political battle?\"\"Just because the court had ordered probe into the allegations of disproportionate assets against Mulayam Singh Yadav leveled by a political rival, should it have no discretion and entertain every PIL leveling similar allegations stemming from political rivalries,\" the bench said.Jethmalani alleged that the CBI was acting at the behest of the Union government and said the case against Jaganmohan Reddy was strange as the HC took cognizance of a letter written by a Congress MLA, converted into a PIL and ordered CBI probe. \"If the HC brushed aside the political rivalry in that case, would it be proper to cite that as a ground to dismiss a PIL against Naidu?\" he asked.The bench said the HC's decision to dismiss her PIL and the apex court's refusal to entertain appeal against the HC order would come in the way of filing complaint before the statutory authority for registration of FIR on the issue.\"If they do not entertain the complaint or refuse to register FIR, there were legal remedies available to the petitioner to redress her grievance,\" the bench said.Vijaya had filed a writ petition in the HC on October 17, 2011, seeking probe by the CBI and the Enforcement Directorate (ED) against Naidu's alleged ill-gotten wealth. On November 14, the HC in an interim order had asked the CBI and ED to make preliminary inquiry. Naidu had challenged this order in the apex court, which on November 23 dismissed it.However, in accordance with the liberty granted by the SC, Naidu moved an application for quashing of the interim order. On February 16, the HC said Vijaya's petition against Naidu was not maintainable and vacated the interim orders giving huge relief to the TDP leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "15113685", "title": "Heavy inflows into Almatti cheers AP ryots", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: The irrigation officials and the farmers heave a sigh of relief Worries over the kharif season are slowly easing out with the coastal districts receiving good rains and agriculture activity in the Krishna delta also picking up pace. The irrigation authorities heaved a sigh of relief following reports that the Almatti dam in Karnataka has been getting huge inflows. According to information, Almatti is receiving more than 60,000 cusecs a day.The water level at Almatti, which was around 17 tmc a week ago, jumped to 35 tmc from 17 tmc following heavy inflows in the last three days. Almatti has a storage capacity of 130 tmc and projects such as Srisailam get waters from the upper stream only when theAlmatti overflow. \"Karnataka has not witnessed good rains in the last one month resulting in poor reserves in Almatti and Narayanpur projects. The water crisis in our state would ease only if the present level of inflow in Karnataka projects increases substantially in the next couple of weeks,\" observed D Sambaiah, chief engineer, Krishna delta.The Almatti project had around 54 tmc of water in this January but the capacity fell to 17 tmc following prolonged dry spell in the region. The levels at Nagarjunasagar and Srisailam are constant at 132 tmc and 47 tmc respectively.Although the rains arrived almost a month behind the schedule, the entire region received more than sufficient rains bringing cheer to the farmers.Despite good rains during July, farmers were worried about the water availability in the coming days as paddy is a water-intensive crop and needs regular supply of water for the survival of the crops.Nearly 15 lakh acres is being cultivated under Krishna delta in four districts -- West Godavari, Krishna, Guntur and Prakasam where all the four districts reported surplus rainfall in the last 45 days. While Krishna district received about 63 per cent surplus rainfall, Guntur reported 40 per cent surplus. West Godavari received 20 per cent more rainfall and Prakasam district too reported 14 per cent surplus rain thanks to the incessant rains in the last week. \"Except three mandals, almost entire district received good rains and the farmers of upland areas such as Markapuram, Kanigiri too are content with the rains and are upbeat with farm activity,\" said V Narasimhulu, Prakasam district agriculture joint director.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15114116", "title": "Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation, Water Board under fire for dying Banjara lake", "text": "HYDERABAD: A day after the Andhra Pradesh Pollution Control Board (APPCB) issued a showcause notice to Taj Banjara for discharging sewage into the Banjara lake, civil society groups demanded similar action against the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) and the Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply &amp; Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;).These groups on Monday said that the government departments too were equally responsible for the death of the water body that was once spread over an area of more than one kilometre.The lake has now shrunk due to continuous exploitation and has reduced to a marshy patch of land.\"If the GHMC laid a concrete slab on the lake bed (that suppressed fresh water springs), the Water Board erected some permanent structures on it for sewerage diversions. These structures are non-functional, only adding to the mess.\"As the sewage now has no outlet, it is collecting in one place and turning the area into a filthy swamp,\" said Jasveen Jairath, founder convener of Save Our Urban Lakes (Soul), who attended the meeting with PCB officials last week where officials of Taj Banjara were called for questioning.In response to Water Board's notice, officials of the star facility on Monday assured the PCB that it would construct a sewage treatment plant (STP) on its premises by the end of this financial year. It claimed that the liquid waste treated in this STP would be reused by the hotel for purposes such as gardening and in toilets.This would ensure that no sewerage is dumped into the adjoining lake, the response stated. Taj Banjara generates about 150 kilolitres (kl) of sewage on an average.While refusing to comment on the issue of nailing the GHMC and HMWS&SB;, PCB officials said that further action would be taken after scrutinizing the hotel's reply.\"If the response is satisfactory, we will rest the matter or else levy a penalty and might even issue closure order if the violations are not addressed,\" a senior official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15113701", "title": "DIG's vehicle hits girl", "text": "A 10-year-old girl had a close shave when the Karimnagar range DIG vehicle hit her on Monday. The accident occurred at Chintakunta village on the outskirts of Karimnagar town. The police vehicle hit the girl before ramming into a parked DCM van. DIG R Bhima Naik was on his way to Sircilla to monitor the security arrangementswho undertook a deeksha in the weavers town. Indu Sri was crossing the road when the DIG vehicle hit her. The jeep knocked her down and then rammed into the stationery van from behind. The girl suffered an injury and was given first aidand later sent away. Sources said the girl's injury was minor in nature and did not require hospitalization.The DIG and his gunman Venu, an Armed Reserve constable, also suffered injuries.Naik received minor injuries on his head under the impact while the gunman, Venu, suffered serious injuries and was taken to hospital herefor better treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15115415", "title": "Rs 29L stolen from Hinjewadi firm", "text": "PUNE: Unidentified persons stole Rs 29 lakh from a Hinjewadi firm between Saturday night and Monday morning.The suspects entered the cashier's cabin at Flagship infrastructures Private Ltd, Blue ridge township, in Hinjewadi, after removing a part of the roof and decamped with the booty.Senior police inspector Satish Deore of the Hinjewadi police station said the cashier, Niranjan Sudhir Rajarshi, had kept the cash inside a cupboard on Saturday at 5.30 pm. The incident came to light after Rajarshi found the cash missing on Monday around 12.15 pm.According to Deore, the firm, located in a single storied building, has 47 cabins of officials and round-the-clock security. The firm had also installed 12 CCTV cameras on the premises.Deore suspects the involvement of an insider. Two security guards were on duty at the time of the incident. Deore added that the police were examining the CCTV footage. Rajarshi, a resident of Sinhagad Road, has registered a theft case under relevant sections of the Indian Penal Code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15116809", "title": "Bipasha to strengthen her relationship with Salman, Shahid", "text": "Post her breakup with John Abraham , Bipasha Basu has flaunted her single status by being 'friends' with most bachelors in the industry. But what initially began as a fun journey may now have turned a bit professional, say insiders.Last weekend, the actress was spotted dining with not one, but two of Bollywood's leading actors till the wee hours of the morning, Shahid Kapoor and Salman Khan. If insiders are to be believed, Bips seems to be on a patch-up spree with actors with whom she had maintained a distance during her decade-long relationship with John. She began her weekend with a lavish dinner spread with her rumoured ex-flame Shahid Kapoor. This continued till 2.30 am. But Bips wasn't done yet. She brought her weekend to a fascinating end by dining with Salman Khan at a Michelin-star restaurant in Bandra.While an eyewitness confirmed the actress' presence at the table with Salman, an insider revealed, \"They were chatting like old friends. They worked together in No Entry and have maintained a cordial relationship ever since, despite her then boyfriend, John's less than friendly relationship with the actor. Now that she has broken up with John, she may want to strengthen her relationship with Salman.\"Another source claims that all this may have to do with Bips career goals. She may want to work with these men. Bips is currently on a break from films and meeting actors is a good way of keeping one's work life active. She doesn't have too many films in her kitty. Meeting Khan is a good way to get into his good books specially since the lead actress for his next film Sher Khan has not been finalised yet. We would have loved to hear Bips side of the story. However, despite repeated attempts, she remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15115776", "title": "Nag Panchami celebrated with religious fervour", "text": "VARANASI: Nag Panchami (fifth day of full moon in Shrawan) was celebrated with religious fervour across the city on Monday. Traditional worshipping of snakes, particularly cobras (nag), in different localities were witnessed throughout the day. Devotees also thronged several Lord Shiva temples to offer prayers on the occasion.The festival began early in the morning when several children were heard saying 'Bade guru ka nag lo, Chhote guru ka nag lo' while selling pictures of Shesh Nag and other Gods and Goddesses, which are pasted on the walls and doors of the houses on the occasion.Devotees also thronged the famous Nag Koop near Nawapura area and offered special prayers to get rid of harmful effects of Kalsarp Yoga and other problems. A traditional fair was also held in the area which attracted huge gathering of local and outstation devotees.The importance of the festival doubled with it falling on the third Monday of the holy month of Shrawan.Several snake charmers were also seen outside Lord Shiva temples and residential areas and displaying cobra and other snakes for offering milk and other donations.Wrestling competitions were also held in some areas which attracted huge crowd.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "october 24, 1914", "code": "15114338", "title": "Lest we forget", "text": "October 24, 1914: Born as Lakshmi Swaminathan in Chennai, Madras Presidency1938: Receives MBBS degree from Madras Medical College. A year later, she receives her diploma in gynaecology and obstetrics1940: Leaves for Singapore, establishes a clinic for the poor, most of whom were migrant labourers from India.1942: During the surrender of Singapore by the British to Japanese, Sahgal aided wounded prisoners of war, many of whom who were interested in forming an Indian liberation army.July 2, 1943: Subhas Chandra Bose arrives in Singapore. In next few days, Netaji speaks to raise a women regiment which would \"fight for Indian Independence and make it complete\". Dr Lakshmi Swaminathan became Captain Lakshmi.March 1944: The first qualified troops, numbering nearly five hundred, pass out of the Singapore training camp. Some 200 of the cadets were also chosen for nursing training, forming the Chand Bibi Nursing Corps.March 1947: Sahgal marries Colonel Prem Kumar Sahgal in Lahore . After their marriage, they settle in Kanpur, where she aided the refugees who were arriving in large numbers after India's partition.1971: Sahgal joins Communist Party of India (Marxist) and represented the party in the Rajya Sabha. During the Bangladesh crisis, she held relief camps and medical aid in Calcutta for refugees.1998: Awarded the Padma Vibhushan by President KR Narayanan.2002: Four Left parties - the Communist Party of India, the Communist Party of India (Marxist), the Revolutionary Socialist Party, and the All India Forward Bloc - nominated Sahgal as a candidate in the presidential elections against APJ Abdul Kalam .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15117586", "title": "'Buddy' based on relationship between a father and son", "text": "Anoop Menon's upcoming movie 'Buddy' has a different theme and presentation. The film is depicting the relationship between a father and his son.Raj Parbhathi Menon is the director of the film. The film is produced by Noushad under the banner of Noushad Big Screen. Tini Tom is also doing an important role with Anoop Menon in the movie.Source: kerala9.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15115351", "title": "Now, you can store your password in subconscious", "text": "LONDON: What if you have a password that even you don't remember? Researchers from Stanford University , Northwestern and Stanford Research Institute have created a system in which the password is stored in a part of the brain you cannot physically access but is still in your subconscious for the right time, the Daily Mail reported.The majority of internet users' security is threatened by big data breaches or simplistic passwords easily targeted by hackers, Extreme Tech website explained.The new information is absorbed without the user being aware that he has actually learnt anything. The specially created computer game, which enables users to learn their 30 letter password, is similar to the popular Guitar Hero game series of music video games.It involves six buttons \u2014 S,D, F, J, K, L \u2014 and the user must tap the corresponding key when the circle reaches the bottom, like the Guitar Hero game.During a 45 minute training session to learn the password, the user will make approximately 4,000 keystrokes. Around 80% of those keystrokes are being used to subconsciously teach you a 30-character password.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15115210", "title": "Bus owners may get time to fall in line", "text": "BHOPAL: The district administration is likely to give some more time to errant bus owners before initiating action and taking stock of its campaign against school buses some time next month. The drive was being undertaken to comply with the Supreme Court (SC) directives.Says M L Soni, regional transport officer: \"We will give them some time--10 to 15 more days so that they can go for safety measures, including speed governors.\"Soni said the two-day campaign that ended on Sunday would be reviewed on July 25 in the presence of the divisional commissioner of Bhopal, who is on leave at the moment. In fact, he would decide the action against bus owners.During the campaign that was launched last week, it was revealed that most of the school buses operating in Bhopal do not have first aid boxes, grilles along the windows, space to store bags beneath seats and effective speed governors as mentioned in the SC guidelines on safety for school buses. This came to light during the inspection of school buses in the city on Sunday, the second day of the drive.The authorities are now mulling to meet school authorities and discuss with them the outcome of the drive and efforts needed to implement the safety guidelines on school buses.Deputy commissioner Bhopal division Urmila Shukla said, \"We would soon convene a meeting of the authorities of 21 schools after the Independence Day. Most buses lack first-aid box, horizontal grilles on windows and faulty speed governors.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15114111", "title": "Temples packed on Nagapanchami", "text": "HYDERABAD: Thousands of devotees from across the city headed to various temples to offer prayers on the occasion of Nagapanchami on Monday. Despite the confusion about the exact date for the festival, many denizens and city temples observed the rituals related to the festival on Monday itself with some choosing to wait till Tuesday.The small Naga Mandir at Secunderabad's Clock Tower was abuzz through the day as devotees thronged the shrine to offer prayers.People began visiting the temple early in the morning to offer milk, fruits and flowers to the deity. Brahmasree Venumadhava Sharma, chief priest at the shrine, said, \"We performed homam in the morning and bhojanam was organised for the devotees.People also turn up in numbers for the abhishekam which is done with 108 litres of cow milk.\"Darshan will continue till Tuesday morning; by then about 50,000 devotees would have visited the temple.\"The famous Shiva temple in Keesaragutta, too, saw large numbers of devotees turning up to offer prayers. G Jagan of Keesara police, said, \"There was regular bandobust at the temple; four officers are stationed there to keep a check on things.in the first half of the day itself at least 10,000 devotees visited the shrine. Many also performed puja and poured milk into the holes in the ground around the temple that may have snakes living inside.\"However, at Ratnalayam temple in Shamirpet, devotees will be observing Nagapanchami on Tuesday. Temple secretary B Yogender Prasad said that although they do not have any special ceremonies planned for Nagapanchami, a large number of people will nonetheless visit the shrine for puja and offer milk at the burrows which may have snakes in and around the temple's compound. He said that, this year, they were expecting around 15,000 to visit the shrine.Meanwhile, officials from the anti-poaching squad of the forest department along with other animal protection organisations were busy tracking down snake-charmers throughout the day and managed to rescue around 20 cobras from various parts of the city, the major hubs being Easamiya Bazaar, Dhoolpet, Gowliguda and Kandaswamy Lane.Officials said that all the snakes were in a weak and dehydrated condition and have been handed over to the Friends of Snakes society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15115908", "title": "Employee's body found in Parvati water works", "text": "PUNE: The body of an employee of the Pune Municipal Corporation's (PMC) Parvati water works was fished out of a filtration bed at the plant on Sunday night.While the police suspect that the man committed suicide by jumping into the 15-foot-deep filtration bed, the civic administration was prompt to allay fears that the water supplied from the plant had not been contaminated.\"The body was fished out a few hours after the incident. The water processed through the filtration bed then goes through the chlorination process. So, there is no question of water contamination,\" superintendent engineer Srinivas Kandul, who is in-charge of the water works, told reporters.Senior inspector Vijaysinh Gaikwad of the Dattawadi police station told TOI that prima facie it appears that the man, Ganesh Pasalkar (42), of Guruwar Peth, had committed suicide. \"Only civic employees are allowed inside the water works premises. Pasalkar's family has not lodged any complaint with us. We have registered a case of accidental death,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15114179", "title": "Two booked for assault on minors", "text": "PANAJI: The Old Goa police on Monday registered a case against two persons in connection with the assault of two minors.Deelip Kudalkar, superintedent-cum-probation officer at the Apna Ghar in Merces, complained that on July 18, at around 5.30 pm, the two accused persons, a minor boy and Subas Rao, both inmates of Apna Ghar- Merces, assaulted two minor boys residing in the protective home.A case has been registered under the Juvenile Justice Care and Protection Act, 2000, and Goa Children's Act.Old Goa police's PSI Navelsh Desai is investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15114540", "title": "Petition seeks statewide ban on effigy burning", "text": "KOCHI: A statewide ban on burning of effigies should be imposed, says a public interest petition filed before the Kerala high court on Monday.According to the petitioner, Ajimon Gangadharan from Mulavukad, burning of effigies is an act against humanity and is a barbaric act and reflects the lack of culture of the persons engaging in it.Effigies being burnt are a crime and the practice has now extended to setting aflame effigies of politicians and even judges, the petition stated.When the issue of Mullaperiyar came up, burning of an effigy even caused rift among Kerala and Tamil Nadu. The issue was finally resolved only after a minister of Kerala apologized to the chief minister of Tamil Nadu to save the strained relations between the two states, the petition filed through advocate T R Jagadish said.The petitioner has also highlighted an incident that took place at Pathanamtitta on July 4. When a group of students were setting flame to an effigy as part of political protest at Pathanamthitta, a few of them suffered injuries as the effigy's flames went out of control.The activists belonging to Kerala Students Union, while they were engaged in a bid to burn the effigy of the vice chancellor of MG University. The students were protesting alleged corruption by the vice chancellor. Those who suffered injuries included state and districts presidents of KSU as well as a district executive member. They had to be admitted to a private hospital at Pathanamthitta following the incident.In view of the disruption caused to the society's peace and unity by various political and other outfits engaging in frequent burning of effigies, the practice should be banned, the petitioner contends. The public interest litigation will be heard by the court on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15114569", "title": "State ready for rain crunch situation", "text": "JAIPUR: Following the possibility of a weak monsoon this year, the state government has suwng into action and is planning to take contingency measures. A high-level meeting of the state disaster management authority (SDMA) chaired by chief minister Ashok Gehlot was also held on Friday.To ensure drinking water, fodder, power, livelihood and employment to the poor, the chief minister has asked all departments to make necessary arrangements.For MNREGA workers, the government has sent a proposal to the Centre for providing labour for 100 more days to those who have finished their scheduled work routine. A provision of three-fourth payment through wheat has been included in the proposal.\"If it rains, it is well and good. Otherwise the government is all geared up to handle any eventuality,\" said chief secretary C K Mathew. \"We won't have a major problem as far as employment is concerned as MNREGA will take care of it. However, drinking water, cattle conservation and fodder may face some issue but we will deal them. The chief minister has already issued instructions to chalk out strategies and every department is working on it,\" he said.With the shift in monsoon pattern, the agriculture department is working on plans of sowing short-duration pulses. \"As an advisory, we have received from the Centre, we are working on alternative plans. Only those crops which take a shorter duration to grow and require less water will be sowed,\" an official said.The rainfed area authority of the Planning Commission has also asked the state government to prepare a contingency plan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15114632", "title": "Govt sanctions more funds for Kothi evictees", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The state government on Monday decided to sanction an additional amount of Rs 2.9 crore for the Kothi rehabilitation package. The move is likely to speed up the commissioning of the Kothi bridge in the city.The decision was taken in a high-level meeting held at Thiruvananthapuram convened to review the progress of the on-going development works in Kozhikode south constituency. The commissioning of the bridge was delayed for last several years, due to the delays in works on approach road and the rehabilitation process.The meeting, presided by PWD minister V K Ibrahim Kunju, also decided to invite tender for the work of the approach roads in the northern side of the bridge.The meeting entrusted the district collector K V Mohankumar to find a solution to buy land for the widening works of the road between Francis Road and Mankavu. The land acquisition process for the road is yet to be started mainly due to the delay in survey process.The meeting approved the new alignment of the proposed bridge at Puthiyapalam, which is being constructed across the Canoli Canal in city. Chief engineer will conduct soil test for the project in next week. The approach roads will be built from Tali Temple premise to Govindapuram in city. A special rehabilitation package for the traders who would be evacuated for the project is also being considered by the government.The survey process of Methottuthazham-Mankavu road would be completed within two weeks. The meeting has also decided to seek the administrative sanction from the government for the Chakkumkadavu-Meenchantha road project with an estimated cost of Rs 3.5 crore. An additional amount of Rs 34 lakh would be sanctioned for the construction of service road in Arayadathupalam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15114771", "title": "Women set the wheels rolling", "text": "MYSORE: The district administration's all-out effort to make Mysore a bicycle-friendly city seems to have inspired many women to shed their inhibition and set the wheels rolling.Second division clerk J Latha is one among the many women in the city who found pedaling to work once in a week an interesting and healthy option.When she began pedaling to office a month ago, everybody in the neighborhood was astonished. Even she felt shy at times, but now Latha rides 3km from her residence near Kukkarahalli lake to the district commissioner's office without hesitation.The district administration's initiative to pedal to work on Mondays has been appreciated by a lot of women employees. Mysore is the first city in the country to encourage its bureaucrats to use bicycles to commute to office.\"I try to use cycle every Monday and want to make this initiative successful. Every month, Rs 800-900 fuel cost is saved because of this,\" Latha claims.Deputy director of the food and civil supplies department Kumuda Girish, who cycles 6km every Monday from her Ramakrishna Nagar residence to the DC office, feels cycling is a strenuous activity for women.\"We are getting used to it and want to make the initiative a success. The proposed cycle tracks in the city will inspire more women employees to try their hand at cycling,\" she says.What attracted M V Padmaja of the department of Mines and Geology, who cycles nearly 12 km once in a week, to the eco-friendly initiative is the health benefits. Cycling is a proven option to stay fit, she adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15114229", "title": "Pranab Mukherjee to visit Rajghat before swearing-in", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pranab Mukherjee will be sworn in as the country's 13th President at 11.30 am on Wednesday at a special ceremony in the Central Hall of Parliament. Before taking oath, the President-elect will visit Mahatma Gandhi's 'samadhi' at Rajghat.Chief Justice of India S H Kapadia will administer the oath in the presence of Vice-President Hamid Ansari, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , Lok Sabha Speaker Meira Kumar , UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi, Union ministers, governors, chief ministers and a host of dignitaries.The President-elect is learnt to have indicated to the protocol wing that 17 of his family members, relatives and close aides may attend the swearing-in function. The protocol wing has been requested to arrange a wheelchair for one of the relatives.The function will begin with the arrival of President Pratibha Patil and Mukherjee in a ceremonial procession from Rashtrapati Bhavan to the Parliament building. They will be received by CJI Kapadia, Ansari and Kumar and escorted to Central Hall.After Mukherjee takes over, he will be given a 21-gun salute, address the gathering and then leave for Rashtrapati Bhavan with Patil.Mukherjee will be given an inter-services guard of honour in the forecourt of the presidential palace. He will then escort Patil to her temporary accommodation at 2, Tughlak Lane where she will stay till her post-retirement home in Pune is ready.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15113664", "title": "Gutka, paan masala worth Rs 1.2L seized", "text": "MUMBAI: Officials from the Food and Drug Administration on Sunday inspected over 64 establishments but found only one shop in possession of gutka and paan masala. The shop in Ghatkopar had hidden stock of the banned products worth Rs 1.20 lakh, confirmed officials. Assistant commissioner (food) Suresh Deshmukh said that areas like Byculla, Ghatkopar and Worli have been under their surveillance as they had tip-offs that some establishments may be in possession of the banned products. \"The quantum of fine in such cases could go up to Rs 1 lakh,\" he said. Teams comprising four assistant commissioners and 20 food security officers have been inspecting establishments across the city. The ban on gutka and paan masala came into effect from last Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "15115534", "title": "Two youths held for stealing electric bikes in Bhavnagar", "text": "RAJKOT: Two youths were arrested on Monday for allegedly stealing electric bikes from various areas of Bhavnagar.The accused have been identified as Mehur Luhar (20) and Vishal Pathak (20) of Bhavnagar. Police said the accused used to steal only electric bike believing that they would not be caught as it did not have chasis number or number plates.\"Three complaints were filed with A division police station about thefts of electric bikes from areas under this police station between June 10 and July 14. We started inquiring about the modus operandi of the thieves involved in the thefts of the electric bikes. The two youths were nabbed from Nilam Baug Circle after a tip-Off,\" police inspector, A division police station, Bhavnagar, Pradeepsinh Jadeja said.\"The two accused have confessed to have stolen five electric bikes in the city. We produced them before a local court which remanded them in police custody for a day. They had stored the stolen bikes in the basements of commercial complexes. They were nabbed before they could sell the bikes,\" Jadeja said.\"They stole electric bike as it did not have a RC book. They thought without this, police would not be able to catch them. But the vehicle does have chasis and other numbers,\" police said.Vishal's father is a retired police-sub inspector and Mehul's is a carpenter in Bhavnagar.\"We would question them during their remand about to whom they were supposed to sell the bikes and the total number of thefts that they have committed,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "15117808", "title": "Two mahouts arrested in temple tusker\u2019s death case", "text": "THRISSUR: The Forest officials, on Monday, arrested two mahouts of Guruvayur Devaswom, in relation with the death of elephant Guruvayur Arjun on Friday, July 20. The arrested have been identified as Ottapalam Kottapuram native Chirakkal Raveendran (26) and Neeleshwaram Varikkara native PV Jayaraman (30). The duo was arrested by a team of forest officials led by Wadakanchery Forest Range Officer Unnikrishnan.Twenty-one-year-old elephant Arjun, owned by Guruvayur Devaswom Board, died at the Devaswom's Punnathur Kotta, the elephant sanctuary at Guruvayur near Thrissur on Friday morning. Arjun had collapsed on Wednesday after failing to recover from injuries caused due to wrath of his two mahouts, when he was under musth about three months back. Following the wrath, he suffered a fracture, which came to light only when the carpel bone came out on July 7.Sources from the forest department said the arrested are suspected to have harassed the tusker severely.However, a group of around 50 mahouts at the Punnathur Kotta took out a protest march to the office of Guruvayur Devaswom administrator K Venugopal hours after the arrest, claiming that the duo had no connection with the death of the elephant.The Devaswom authorities had last week suspended mahout of Guruvayur Arjun KT Radhakrishnan from service in relation with the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15117565", "title": "Centre suffering from 'policy paralysis', alleges Jayalalithaa", "text": "CHENNAI: Tamil Nadu chief minister Jayalalithaa on Tuesday charged the UPA government with suffering from \"policy paralysis\" and said it was \"so much struggling with internal squabblings\" that it could not even look into \"livelihood issues\" such as the Cauvery river water problem.The AIADMK chief said her repeated pleas to the Centre and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh demanding that the 2007 final verdict of the Cauvery Water Disputes Tribunal be notified in the Central gazette had not been heeded to.\"I had written to the honourable Prime Minister on May 19 seeking to convene meeting of the Cauvery River Authority. The Centre has not taken any action. It looks like the Centre has no time to focus on people's issues as it is struggling with internal squabbles created by its (Congress) alliance parties,\" she said in a statement here.\"Therefore, the government is suffering from policy paralysis resulting in not even being able to look at the livelihood issues like the cauvery river water problem\", she said.In her letter to Singh in May, Jayalalithaa had charged Karnataka with \"unjustly utilising\" Cauvery water for summer irrigation and asked the Prime Minister to convene a meeting of the Cauvery River Authority to discuss the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15114161", "title": "Now, low-rise buildings too face fire test", "text": "HYDERABAD: Henceforth, owners of non-high-rise buildings (structures between 10 and 15 metres height) would have to obtain a licence from the AP State Disaster Response and Fire Services department for their property. However, for the licence, property-owners have to pay a fee after providing fire-fighting equipment on their premises.Until now, the fire services department had been focusing only on buildings above 15m in height, especially commercial complexes, hotels, hospitals and theatres. Since several fire accidents have been reported in non-high-rise buildings, the department has decided to pay attention to these structures as well. Officials said 12 major fire mishaps had occurred in May and June in Hyderabad alone.\"Recent fire accidents indicate how non-high-rises are equally fire prone. The owners of such buildings above 10m (usually three to four storey buildings) take no precautions against fire as they do not fall under the high-rise category. Now, the department has decided to inspect all buildings above 10m to insist on a minimum availability of fire-fighting equipment as per the National Building Code apart from licence,\" K Jayaram Naik, the fire services department additional director, told TOI.The department has been implementing section 13 of the AP Fire and Emergency Operations Rules, 2006 which talks about MSBs and the issue of No Objection Certificate upon installation of fire safety equipment. The department would now implement section 14 and 15 of the rules, which deal with preventive measures against fire, especially for buildings between 10m and 15m in height. Under this section, the fire services department has powers to seal or close premises which have failed to follow norms.According to official estimates, over 50,000 buildings would have to obtain licences from the department once the new norms are enforced. Non-high-rise buildings are broadly divided into four categories. In the first category come non-AC cinema halls, restaurants and hotels with seating capacity of between 30 and 100 seats, exhibition halls, and venues of industrial, entertainment and political meetings, all of which need to pay Rs 500 towards licence fees.All clubs, residential schools, colleges with 100 to 1,000 inmates, lodgings of 50 rooms and above, software firms with more than 20 computers, laboratories and research institutes, all come under second category, which have to pay Rs 1,000 as licence fee. All stadia, cold storages, film studios, firecracker manufacturing units, major automobile showrooms, residential schools, garments and textile manufacturing units have been listed in the third category and they have to pay a fee of Rs 2,500.Multi-specialty hospitals, all star hotels, distilleries and breweries, power generation units, petroleum refineries, multiplexes, large and medium scale industries would come under category four and they have to pay Rs 5,000 towards licence fees.Under the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC), Greater Visakhapatnam Municipal Corporation (GVMC) and other corporations, fire prevention wings, which have already been set up, would collect the licence fee&gt; As for the rest of the state, it is the fire services department which would collect the licence fees from property-owners and builders.The officers will inspect the buildings before offering the licence which would be valid for three years. \"The gazette notification for collecting the licence fee from owners of non-high-rise building will be issued by the government later this week,\" Naik said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15115270", "title": "Police still groping in the dark in Nilam murder case", "text": "PATNA: The police are yet to make any breakthrough in private school principal Nilam Sharma murder case. 'Investigation is going on' is the pat reply of the Patna Police after any major incident takes place in the city.Even after four days of the cold-blooded murder of Nilam at her house, Mathura Lodge, in Rajiv Nagar under Patliputra police station, the police have failed so far to trace the killers.Senior SP (SSP), Patna, Amrit Raj on Monday said the police were working on some clues and the investigation was on in the case.An officer associated with the probe, citing the FIR lodged by the deceased's family, said the police were treating it to be a case of dacoity. He said police were working on different angles of the case. The police quizzed over half a dozen criminals in this connection but nothing concrete had come out so far, he added.Meanwhile, a five-member delegation of Private Schools and Children Welfare Association, led by its president Shamael Ahmad, submitted a memorandum to the governor demanding arrest of Nilam's killers, security and Rs 10 lakh compensation to the deceased's family and proper vigilance near the schools. Earlier, the association members took out a protest march in the state capital.Members of Bihar Public School &amp; Children Welfare Association also organized a protest march from Kargil Chowk to Raj Bhavan. Its delegation also submitted a memorandum to the governor demanding immediate arrest of Nilam's killers. Its president, D K Singh, urged all the principals and teachers of public schools across the state to wear black badges on July 24 while on duty.It may be mentioned that criminals had barged into the rented Mathura Lodge of a school of Nilam at Rajiv Nagar on July 20 and assaulted her mercilessly, looted cash and jewellery worth lakhs of rupees and escaped. Nilam had been rushed to a private nursing home on Bank Road where she had succumbed to her injuries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15115258", "title": "Educational institutions harvest rainwater", "text": "PUNE: Many educational institutions in the city have taken up rain harvesting for water conservation and minimize their dependence on the civic water supply.The harvested water is mostly used for watering plants and trees, gardens, kitchen gardens and play grounds.At the Sevasadan English Medium School run by the Pune Sevasadan Society in Kothrud, the rainwater harvesting arrangement comprises a borewell, a filter and a sedimentation pit that will be constantly recharged by the rainwater collected from the rooftop and storm water drains covering an area of 1675 sq m. The recharge potential of the well is estimated at approximate 1.7 million litre per annum. The system was set up in March last year.The rainwater collected on the terrace is channelized to the sedimentation pit. Chambers have been constructed and connected to the borewell. The system not only recharges the ground water, but also helps the school in several ways to save drinking water.The school has a one-acre ground on which water needs to be sprinkled everyday. \"Rainwater harvesting has helped us in a big way to reduce the load on the drinking water supply as a lot of water is consumed for watering this ground. Besides, we have a kitchen garden where students do their projects. Here also we use the rainwater,\" said Nitin Lele, trustee, Pune Sevasadan Society.At the Nowrosjee Wadia College, the recharge potential of the rainwater harvesting system is 45 million litre water.M N Andar, who headed the execution of the project at the college, said the water crisis was a global challenge that required immediate attention. \"It is our responsibility to educate people, especially the youth, about conserving water. I would like to urge my students and teachers to act as catalysts and encourage the community at large to take up projects like rainwater harvesting.\"The project aims to provide adequate water for non-drinking purposes and recharge groundwater on the entire campus. The set-up includes rainwater harvesting structures in five buildings, two soak pits, two water collection trenches and a filtration pit to recharge the existing well.The college has selected the rooftops of the buildings of examination department, mechanical department, physics department and college of engineering for harvesting rainwater.\"Rainwater is collected through downtakes and trenches. It then undergoes a filtering process before it is collected in the well.\" said Andar. The well is the college's main source of water for all purposes except drinking. The water is mainly used to water the plants and the college ground.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15114542", "title": "Neighbour held for teen's murder", "text": "JAIPUR: Three days after the body of a 12-year-old boy, Govind alias Gopi, was found with his head badly damaged in Jaisinghpura Khor area, the victim's neighbour was arrested on charges of murder. Police said the accused wanted to hamper the engagement ceremony of the boy's two sisters scheduled next day of the murder as he had developed an affection towards the girls. The accused took the boy to a farm land and crushed his head by repeatedly hitting with a stone.The arrest has also brought to fore the lackluster attitude of the police as the accused turned out to be the same person who was calling up the boy's father and threatening him not to go ahead with his daughters' engagement before he murdered the boy on July 20. The boy's father had approached the Brahmpuri police station and lodged a complaint about the threats, however no action was initiated. The family members had claimed that they had provided the mobile number being used to issue threats. They alleged that if the police had taken timely action, the boy would have been alive. No disciplinary action has so far been taken against any policemen of Brahmpuri police station for ignoring the complaint.Govind had left home on his bicycle after having lunch with his father Goverdhan Lal around 3 pm on Friday. His body was found from a farm land in the evening.According to commissioner of police BL Soni, the accused, Gyanu Kumar, lives in the neighbourhood of Govind. \"During preliminary investigation, it has come up that Gyanu had developed some one-sided affection towards Goverdhan's daughters. As the girls were getting engaged on Saturday, he killed the boy on Friday to hamper the plans,\" said Soni.The officer said that Gyanu had not only been threatening Goverdhan for the few days prior to the murder, but also referring to his daughters as his in-laws. \"Gyanu was also spreading false stories about the girls' character,\" said the officer.He added that Gyanu lured Govind into coming with him to the farm land. \"The boy knew Gyanu, so he went with him. Govind had left home on his bicycle. We have recovered the keys of the bicycle lock from Gyanu's possession,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15113564", "title": "Maharashtra doctors can fill USG form online", "text": "MUMBAI: A delegation of Indian Medical Association met chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Monday over several grievances, including attacks on doctors, PCPNDT Act and the proposal to start a one-year bridge course for non-MBBS doctors.\"It was decided that doctors from across the state can fill form F, mandatory for conducting sonography of pregnant women, online,\" IMA's Dr Anil Pachnekar said. \"A hard copy of it must be maintained.\" The doctors demanded that during a check on radiology clinics, an IMA member should be present. Pachnekar said it was also discussed cops must be sensitized on how to behave with doctors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "itanangar", "code": "15115045", "title": "Tuki to attend Pranab swearing-in ceremony", "text": "ITANANGAR: Arunachal Pradesh chief minister Nabam Tuki, along with his cabinet colleagues, is leaving for New Delhi on Tuesday to attend the swearing-in ceremony of President-designate Pranab Mukherjee at Darbar Hall in Rastrapati Bhawan there.The state assembly, ruled by Congress, has three MPs and 60 MLAs. While all the MPs cast their votes in Parliament, 58 MLAs cast their votes at the state assembly secretariat here, while MLA Phosum Khimhun cast his vote in Parliament and MLA Jomin Tayeng could not exercise his right as he is hospitalized.Of the 59 votes with a value of eight each, 54 lawmakers supported Mukherjee while two votes went in favour of his opponent P A Sangma; three votes were invalid.There are 46 Congress MLAs, while the Nationalist Congress Party and All India Trinamool Congress have five MLAs each. Three MLAs belong to BJP and there is one Independent in the 60-member house. All supported Mukherjee except BJP.In Parliament, Arunachal accounts for three MPs - two in the Lok Sabha and one Rajya Sabha member - all from Congress. Tuki on Sunday congratulated Mukherjee on his overwhelming victory in the Presidential election.Tuki, with almost all legislators of the state legislative assembly, had met Mukherjee in Guwahati on July 6 last and extended support to his candidature.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15115715", "title": "SC stays order on electro homeopathy", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A two-judge bench of the Supreme Court has stayed the Allahabad high court order describing the electro homeopath's practice as unrecognized system of medicine.In February this year, the high court had dismissed a plea filed by the Indian Electro Homeopathy Medical Council and another, which had approached the court with plea that principal secretary, medical and health of UP be directed to decide their representation in the light of a government of India order issued on November 25, 2003, and May 5, 2010. HC had held that electro homeopathy is not a recognized system of medicine and cannot be prescribed for curing the diseases or for any purpose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15116966", "title": "Wipro Q1 net profit up 18.37 per cent", "text": "MUMBAI: Country's third-largest software firm Wipro has reported 18.37 per cent increase in consolidated net profit at Rs 1,580.2 crore for the first quarter ended June 30, 2012.The company had posted a net profit of Rs 1,334.9 crore in the April-June quarter of last fiscal, Wipro said in a filing to the BSE.The total income from operation during the quarter rose by 24.37 per cent to Rs 10,619.6 crore from Rs 8,538.4 crore in the year-ago period.\"In today's complex business environment, global corporations are increasingly investing in transformational technology initiatives to improve competitiveness.\"We see this shift as an opportunity for us to lead this change and help customers differentiate in this fast evolving market,\" Wipro Chairman Azim Premji said in a statement.Wipro's IT services revenue, which accounted for 78 per cent of the total revenues, grew 30 per cent year-on-year in rupee terms to Rs 8,314 crore.\"IT Services revenue in dollar terms was impacted by $25 million of cross currency impact and was $1,515 million, a year-on-year increase of eight per cent,\" it said.The company had forecasted IT services revenues to be in the range of $1,520 million to $1,550 million for the April-June 2012 quarter.For the quarter ending September 30, 2012, the company has maintained its revenue outlook to be in the same range, assuming that exchange rates of dollar will be at Rs 54.76.\"We have seen high levels of volatility in currencies globally. We have improved profitability, while continuing to invest for growth,\" Wipro Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer Suresh Senapaty said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15114856", "title": "Now, software to keep tab on donations to govt schools", "text": "MANGALORE: Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA) of Dakshina Kannada district is developing software to keep a tab on money contributed by donors for the welfare and development of schools.Dakshina Kannada district has 932 government schools. In the past one year, the schools have received a good amount of donation. Between April 2011 and March 2012, these government schools received Rs 5.53 crore, which includes Rs1.83 crore from organizations like Infosys, Wipro, banks. It also includes government funds.SSA district project coordinator N Shivaprakash said, to prevent misappropriation of funds the department is developing the software which will be over in July and its usage will commence from August. \"We have details of funds released by the zilla panchayat and SSA to schools, but we do not have complete information about other funds, released through taluk and gram panchayats, MLAs, MP funds, and others donated by various government departments, organizations and donors as these funds directly reach the schools. The new software will help to monitor how schools utilize funds for various works,\" he said. It will be installed in all block education offices (BEOs). The BEOs will have to update the details of money received from donors, Shivaprakash said, adding that as soon as BEOs enter the details, the information will be updated immediately at the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan office.The new initiative is aimed at bringing transparency in the implementation of government schemes in schools as well as utilization of funds received through donation. Money donated will be used for repair works of school buildings, distribution of notebooks to students, construction of toilets and for other development works of the schools, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15115314", "title": "70-yr-old dies in state transport bus", "text": "PUNE: In a freak accident, a 70-year-old man was killed when the Maharashtra state road transport corporation (MSRTC) bus he was travelling in passed over a newly constructed and unmarked speed breaker at Gondhalenagar in Hadapsar causing his head to hit the roof of the bus. The incident took place on Sunday night.The Hadapsar police said the deceased, Jaysinhrao Haribhau Kate-Deshmukh, was a resident of Kothari blocks, Bibvewadi. The Hadapsar police have arrested the bus driver, Venkat Sopan Kedase (39) of Latur for negligent driving.Officials of the state transport corporation, who visited the spot, said that the speed breaker was not constructed properly. \"We have taken photographs and sent them to the Pune municipal commissioner,\" said V S Diwate, senior depot manager of the Swargate ST depot.Police sub-inspector D R Madane of the Hadapsar police station said that Kate-Deshmukh was travelling from Baramati to Pune. At Gondhalenagar, the driver did not notice the newly constructed speed breaker. \"The bus received a jolt after it passed over it and Kate-Deshmukh's head hit the tube light holder on the roof of the bus. He sustained severe head injuries,\" Madane said.Other passengers in the bus also sustained minor injuries. Kate-Deshmukh was rushed to a nearby hospital, where he was declared dead on arrival. \"His viscera have been preserved for chemical analysis,\" Madane said.Madane said that the speed breaker was not constructed as per norms. \"There were no signs and no white stripe markings on it,\" Madane said.Diwate said, \"We checked other vehicles at the accident spot for more than half-an hour on Sunday night. Most of them failed to notice the speed breaker and bumped against it.\"Meanwhile, the ST has suspended Kedase for negligent driving. \"A departmental inquiry has been initiated against him,\" Diwate added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15115700", "title": "\u2018Monsoon will be on track after a day or two\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With few rainy days in the current monsoon season, there has been a deficit of 80.2mm of rainfall in the city. The monsoon season that begins from June 1, has recorded 244.4mm of rainfall till July 23, where as normal rainfall should have been 324.6mm. However, met officials have now predicted more rainy days from Wednesday onwards.Surender Paul, Chandigarh met director said, \"The monsoon has been weak so far but there would be normal rainfall after one or two days which would further reduce the rainfall deficit.\"The temperature is also much higher as compared to last year. In 2011, the month of July began with temperature hovering around 30 degrees celsius, whereas this year it was around 41.4 degrees. It was noted that this year's minimum temperature of July 1 was the same as last year's maximum temperature.The maximum temperature recorded on Monday was 33.6 degrees celsius, even though there was rainfall in the morning. The humidity levels stood at 90%. For Tuesday, the met department has predicted a generally cloudy sky along with rain and thunderstorm. The maximum temperature on Tuesday would be 34 degrees celsius, while the minimum temperature would be around 28 degrees celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15114087", "title": "Hyderabad to witness its first gay pride parade this year", "text": "HYDERABAD: The city is expected to have its first gay pride march this year. The event is slated to be held by the end of 2012 with the cooperation of various LGBTQI (Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender, Queer and Intersex) groups working out of Hyderabad. While deliberations on the same are on, organisers of the event say that they have various security aspects to look into. The announcement has come at a time when various sexual minority communities are holding programmes to celebrate the country's gay rights month, July.While other cities including Chennai, Mumbai, Delhi and Calcutta have been holding pride marches over the last couple of years, it was never organised in the city. Now, with at least two organisations including Wajood and Suraksha taking up the project a pride is possible with some planning and mobilisation, the organisers said. \"There are several aspects to look into while holding a pride parade like that of security. In cities like Bangalore the pride is held with police protection. Even in Hyderabad, we will need good security to prevent attacks,\" said Jayathi Mathur, from Wajood in a media interaction held in the US Consultate here on Monday.As a first step towards a show of solidarity within the community and outside, Wajood in association with US Consulate will hold a film festival in the city on July 27 at Annapurna studios, Banjara Hills. Four films dealing with various issues of the queer community will be screened as part of the festival called Rainbow Film Festival. This will be followed by various other events like a legal workshop which deals with legislation protecting the community. \"We are thinking of strengthening the community in the city. It is not just about helping people to come out of the closet as every individual needs help from the community to not lose faith in himself or herself. Especially when the family starts threatening to slap legal cases, it becomes difficult for individuals to remain strong and this is where we would like to help,\" said Mathur.The group which mainly comprises people from the community who are working in various corporate offices in the city are also planning an office sensitisation programme.In the pride parade which is being planned, people from LGBTQI communities from other cities are also expected to participate. \"The battle is against stereotypes about the community. We are also looking at programmes for people from all sections of the society. One plan is to get groups of non queer people to pledge solidarity with the community,\" said Vishal, a member of Wajood. The US consulate officials said that the Rainbow Film Festival is aimed at helping people to realise that gay rights is a global issue. \"We had held a mock court in Nalsar where law students argued in favour of gay marriage rights. We think that the young people of today are ready to act on the issue of gay rights. There is no need to wait for the consent of a hetero normative society to popularise and work for gay rights,\" said Elizabeth Jones, assistant public affairs officer, US Consulate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15115056", "title": "Real-life heroes: They took bullets to save their beloveds", "text": "WASHINGTON: They proved their love to their beloveds even under fire. Three young men have become the heroes by laying their lives to save their girlfriends from a barrage of bullets in a US cinema hall on Friday during one of the worst mass shootings in American history.Matt McQuinn (27), Jonathan Blunk (26) and Alex Teves (24) were killed when they shielded their girlfriends from the gunman, identified as James Holmes, as he unloaded a fusillade of bullets into a packed Century 16 theatre during the premiere of 'The Dark Knight Rises' in Aurora, Colorado.McQuinn, New York Post reported, dived in front of his girlfriend Samantha Yowler (27), when the gunfire erupted . He was struck fatally by three bullets, while Samantha just scraped with a shot in the knee. His friend Jonathan Blunk tucked his date Jansen Young (21) under the seat, before he was shot to death. \"He took the bullets meant for me,\" Young told NBC . The third hero Teves of Phoenix used his body to cover girlfriend Amanda Lindgren , his grandmother told the Post.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15117146", "title": "Pakistan prisoner addresses mercy plea to Zardari", "text": "MUMBAI: Indian prisoner Bhavesh Parmar, who remains incarcerated in Lahore Central Jail since 2004, has entered a mercy plea before the president of Pakistan. The Mumbai-based software engineer had accidentally wandered off to that country aboard the Samjhauta Express in a state of mental distress and was arrested upon arrival.On Monday morning, Bhavesh met his Pakistani lawyer Awais Sheikh in prison and signed an application for clemency addressed to Asif Ali Zardari. On Tuesday, Sheikh will write to the IG, Prisons, seeking details of the case.Recalling his meeting with Bhavesh the lawyer remarked that he was dressed in the traditional shalwar kameez. \"He appeared to be physically fit. When I requested him to give a message for his mother Hansaben back in Mumbai, Bhavesh said his only desire was to return home as soon as possible,\" Sheikh said.\"I also asked how he managed to reach Pakistan aboard the Samjhauta Express, and he replied that somebody put him on that train. Mumbai journalist-activist Jatin Desai helped secure power of attorney from Bhavesh's family so that Sheikh could fight his case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15117725", "title": "Two songs left for Thupakki", "text": "Ilathalapathy Vijay has been busy with A R Murugadoss's Thupakki. The latest we hear is that two songs remain to be shot for the film. But post-production and dubbing work is in full swing.According to sources, Kajal Aggarwal had allotted dates to Murugadoss but unfortunately they couldn't shoot the songs at that point due to other issues. Since the actress is already committed to numerous projects, including Suriya's Maatrraan , it's tough for them to get dates to wrap up the film. Thus, they are waiting for the actress to allot dates to complete the film.Vijay meanwhile is focusing on dubbing for the film and waiting to complete the project. Sources say he is happy with the way the film has turned out and is looking forward to the film's release in September. This is his first film with A R Murugadoss.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15115362", "title": "18 days after rains hit city, deficit 80.2mm", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With few rainy days in the current monsoon season, there has been a deficit of 80.2mm of rainfall in the city. The monsoon season that begins from June 1, has recorded 244.4mm of rainfall till July 23, where as normal rainfall should have been 324.6mm.This year the monsoon hit the city on July 6, after a delay of almost five days, and since then the city has received 236mm of rainfall. According to officials of the meteorological department, the monsoon has been weak since the beginning, resulting in lesser rainfall.Even on Monday, only 6.2mm of rainfall was recorded in the city. Compared to last year, the city received very little rainfall in June this year. Last year total rainfall in June was recorded at 242.6mm, where as this year it rained only 6.2mm. Till July 5, before the monsoon reached the city, the deficit was 89% and the arrival of monsoon failed to have much effect it, as the deficit hovered around 53% till July 16.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15114173", "title": "College student drowns at Aksa", "text": "MUMBAI: An 18-year-old collegian who had gone for a swim to the Aksa beach in Malad with his friends on Monday morning is yet to be traced. Nidhish Shetty had entered the water with a group of 12 friends. While the others stayed close to the shore, Nidhish and two of his friends ventured deeper. Lifeguards managed to pull out Nidhish's two friends, but he couldn't be found till late on Monday.Nidhish was in his first year of BMS at Thakur College in Kandivli. He stayed with his parents and older brother at Thakur Complex, Kandivli.Around 9am on Monday, Nidhish reached college for the morning lectures. He and 12 other students, including seven girls, then decided to bunk a few lectures and go for a picnic to Aksa. After spending some time on the beach, the youngsters went for a swim around 10.30am. According to civic officials, lifeguards present at the beach had warned the teens not to enter the water, but they ignored the warning.\"Owing to rain and high tide, the sea was violent. The collegians soon realized that some of them were getting pulled into the water. Most of them managed to swim back to the shore safely. Lifeguards pulled out two of Nidhish's friends who had ventured deeper. But Nidhish couldn't be traced,\" a senior police official said.The students then informed the Malwani police and the fire brigade personnel. \"We have roped in the coast guard and fishermen as well to help us in the search operation. The tide has been making it difficult for us to search for Nidhish. His parents have been informed,\" the official said.Sources said there are several signboards put up on the beach which state that swimming is strictly prohibited, particularly at a few dangerous locations. Nidhish and his friends entered the water at one such dangerous location. \"The sea bed at this location has a slope and this makes swimmers more vulnerable to drowning,\" a local said.Nidhish's family is in shock after learning of the incident. \"Nidhish had told his parents that he was going to college when he left home in the morning. His family is unable to accept that he ventured deep into the water at Aksa and is now missing,\" a police official said.The Malwani police tried to speak to Nidhish's father, Ratnakar. But the 45-year-old kept repeating how come his son had ended up at the beach, when he had said that he was going to college.When The Times of India spoke to lifeguards at the Aksa beach, they said they had been tipped off late about Nidhish's disappearance. \"It was nearly 15 minutes after we pulled out two of Nidhish's friends who had ventured deeper that the students told us about Nidhish having vanished,\" one of the lifeguards said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "jamnagar", "code": "15115321", "title": "Youth from Madhya Pradesh ends life", "text": "JAMNAGAR: A youth from Madhya Pradesh committed suicide at his house in Bhatiya village of Jamkalyanpur taluka in Jamnagar district on Sunday. Police identified the deceased as Krishnagopal Mathuk (34), a resident of Neemach, MP.Police said Mathuk ended his life by hanging himself from the ceiling of his rented room in Dwarkadheesh Society.\"Mathuk used to work at a firm called Murlidhar Traders. At the time of the incident he was at his workplace. According to the statement of one of his colleague, Mathuk left the workplace at 4.30 pm saying he was going to attend nature's call. However, after he did not return for an hour and not even respond to the phone calls, the colleague along with other workers went to his room which was locked. They pushed open the door and found Mathuk hanging from the ceiling,\" a Jamkalyanpur taluka police official said.Police said they have contacted Mathuk's relatives in MP. However, they are yet to investigate the reason for the crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15115368", "title": "Felling of 328 trees okayed", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a relief to hundreds of city residents living under the fear of frail trees along their boundary walls falling on to their houses during stormy conditions during monsoon, the adviser to the UT administration has given his nod to the MC for the axing of 328 trees across the city.MC's horticulture department had identified the trees that had dried up and posed a threat to human life and property. Many of these trees are termite-infested and have become hollow from inside.City residents have been repeatedly writing to the civic body about trees that pose a threat and need to be chopped however it has been a long wait for them. Harpreet Singh, a resident of Sector 35, said, \"There is a tree in front of my house which had become feeble over the years. Last year it fell on my SUV and I had to spend over Rs 1 lakh to get it back into shape.\"Amit Malhotra, another resident of Sector 22 said, \"A few months ago a tree fell on my house but thankfully no one was hurt.\" Every monsoon, this problem becomes a serious threat to people as trees usually fall due to heavy rains. And for the past many years residents have been demanding felling of trees that pose a serious threat but to no avail. And such frail trees can be seen across the city, be it in front of a house, in a parking lot or on V3, V4 or V5 roads.A year back the MC house had passed the agenda item regarding axing of such trees following which a survey was done by the MC to identify such trees and 328 trees were identified.Vineet Garg, a resident of Sector 15 on whose car a tree had fallen two years ago said that he had to dish out Rs 40,000 for his car's repair.Mukesh Anand, superintending engineer (B&R;) of the MC said that soon they will hold an auction for the 328 trees and these trees will be cut in August. Meanwhile, of the 328 trees that will be felled, around a 100 are those which are being axed on the request of the residents. MC officials said that in the past one year about 50 more complaints by residents had come to them for axing of trees but those are pending as these came after a survey had been carried out for identifying trees that needed to axed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15113498", "title": "Maharashtra minorities panel to get civil court powers", "text": "MUMBAI: Justifying its decision to remove references to \"Bombay\" in 84 state Acts, the government said they were enacted before the reorganization of the state on May 1,1960, when today's states of Gujarat and Maharashtra were a part of the state (province originally) of Bombay. It argued that the change would facilitate their application to the existing Maharashtra state by more appropriate short titles.During the discussion, Shiv Sena leader Subhash Desai and MNS legislator Nitin Sardesai pointed out that similar changes were necessary in 85 other Acts. Sardesai said the government should approach the Centre for a change in the nomenclature of institutions like the Bombay Bar Association and Bombay high court. Desai initially opposed the proposal to replace all \"Bombay Acts\" with \"Maharashtra Acts\", advocating that appropriate ones could be referred to as \"Mumbai Acts\".The bill was unanimously approved after minister of state for general administration department Fauzia Khan committed that a proposal to replace the names of the remaining 85 Acts will be expedited.The word \"Bombay\" will disappear from: Bombay Shops and Establishments Act, 1948; Bombay Public Trusts Act, 1950; Bombay Police Act, 1951; Bombay Civil Courts Act, 1869; Bombay Motor Vehicles Act, 1958 and Bombay Prevention of Begging Act, 1959.The assembly also approved a bill to grant powers of the civil court to the Maharashtra State Minorities Commission.But a bill to permit the BMC to levy a fee or collect a share of unearned income on transfer of lands leased by it was held back after technical objections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "15114931", "title": "Over bridges at railway gates to ease road traffic", "text": "BELGAUM: The much awaited project of constructing over bridges at four railway gates in the city will be a reality soon, with the district administration gearing to initiate the works in a month.There is a long felt need for over bridges at the railway gates in Belgaum, three on Dharwad Road and one on Kapileshwar Road. The over bridges, once functional, will provide the much needed relief to citizens by easing congestion on the city roads.The project is being undertaken jointly by the railway department and the public works department on a 50:50 basis. According to DC Anbu Kumar, the work will begin within a month. As many as 42 trains pass through Belgaum in a day and the railway gates close for around 20 times. Each time gates close for about eight minutes, and traffic backs up on the roads. Sometimes even police find it difficult to regulate the gridlock.The proposal of constructing over bridges was pending for the past two decades. Several organizations were forcing to take up the work immediately, following the increasing number of vehicles in city. However, after a long wait, technical work has begun now. The railway department has already called tender notification for the work.In the first phase, works will be taken up at the Dharwad Road railway gate at a cost of Rs 36 crore. The Kapileshwar Phata railway gate work will be taken up after Ganesh Chaturthi, as the immersion procession of lord Ganesh passes through this road.The state government has given technical approval for the projects. The district administration has handed over the responsibility of land acquisition to the Belgaum City Corporation. DC Anbu Kumar told TOI that the cost aspects of the project are being worked out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15115809", "title": "Goods train derails at Karjan, disrupts rail traffic", "text": "VADODARA: A goods train got derailed near Karjan railway station in Vadodara district on Monday evening. The derailment disrupted rail traffic between Vadodara and Mumbai. Several passengers got stranded on Vadodara railway station due to delay in train schedule.According to railway officials, three containers of a goods train got derailed at around 5 pm on Monday in the common loop line.\"As these three containers - 11, 12 and 13 - got derailed, the train hit an overhead electricity pole which powers the train engine,\" said a senior railway official of Vadodara railway division, who had rushed to the spot for restoration work.The containers that got derailed were empty. \"While traffic movement on the downline has been restored, we are expecting the upline to get restored by night,\" the official said, adding that on the downline two trains including the Dahod-Valsad intercity and the Bangalore Express were allowed to move after the line was cleared for traffic.While trains on the downline got delayed by over an hour, officials were expecting the upline traffic to be restored at around 9 pm.It is pertinent to mention here that this is the third such derailment incident in the past three months in the region. On June 4, a goods train had got derailed at Godhra yard in Panchmahal district. Earlier, on May 20, railway traffic had got adversely affected after the Dehradun Express derailed near Godhra yard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15115582", "title": "FIR lodged in Ranchi murder case", "text": "RANCHI: An FIR was lodged in connection with the death of Uma Shankar Singh, a criminal who was shot dead near Guru Nanak Hospital on Saturday night. Brother of the deceased Rama Shankar Singh has suspected five persons in the murder.Chutia police station inspector Arvind Kumar Sinha said police were looking for all the suspects . An investigation has started after the statements of Singh's brother and few others were recorded. Singh was shot dead by unidentified criminals when he was coming out of the hospital after visiting his ailing father on Saturday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "15115070", "title": "Scoring over Sangma, Cong upbeat for Meghalaya assembly polls", "text": "SHILLONG: The Congress, which leads a coalition government in Meghalaya, is upbeat ahead of assembly elections, slated for early next year, after beating PA Sangma in his home state in the just concluded presidential polls.Out of total 59 votes in Meghalaya, Sangma secured only 23, while Pranab Mukherjee outnumbered him by garnering 34, even as two votes were declared invalid.It has now become apparent that all 28 Congress MLAs, five Independents, besides a former NCP MLA, who was suspended from the party, voted for Mukherjee. The remaining legislators, including those from United Democratic Party and Hill State People's Democratic Party, both part of the ruling coalition, and MLAs from the Opposition NCP had favoured Sangma.\"The results show the strength of Congress is not only intact but the party has also added to its tally with the Independents aligning with it,\" said a senior Congress functionary.\"It is also clear that there has been no cross-voting in Sangma's favour despite his playing the tribal and Christian card and his son Conrad, leader of opposition in the assembly, claiming that some Congress legislators would opt for his father,\" he added. He said this augurs well for the party as it prepares for the assembly elections.Asked about the implications of its regional partners opting for Sangma, the Congress functionary said it would have no bearing on the party as it would fight the elections on its own. \"The presidential poll is a different matter altogether. The regional parties had their own standing but as far as Congress is concerned, the party has once again iterated its united front,\" he said.Meanwhile, the Meghalaya unit of the NCP, from which Sangma had resigned ahead of filing papers for the presidential polls, too, has claimed that its \"flocks are together\". \"We are fully prepared to face the elections next year and in fact we were the first to prepare the list of candidates,\" a party member said.Asked what role Sangma is likely to play in the assembly elections now that he is no longer a member of NCP, he quipped, \"He will continue to remain our tallest leader\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "15117466", "title": "Virbhadra stays away from manifesto committee meeting", "text": "SHIMLA: Chinks within Congress leadership in Himachal Pradesh have exposed once again with former union minister Virbhadra Singh staying away from the meeting of manifesto committee hold under the leadership of union minister minister Anand Sharma at Delhi on Monday.Virbhadra Singh had already announced to stay out of manifesto committee following the appointment of Anand Sharma as its chairman. Meeting was held at Gurudwara Rakabganj in Delhi. It started at around 2.30 pm and continued for around two hours.While the leaders like state Congress president Kaul Singh Thakur, CLP leader Vidya Stokes, former Speaker of state assembly Gangu Ram Musfair, former minister G S Bali, MLA Kuldeep Pathania, MLA Rajesh Dharmani and MLA Sukhwinder Sukhu were present, Virbhadra Singh despite being in Delhi stayed away from the meeting, sources said.Virbhadra Singh had not attended the earlier meeting of manifesto committee too. Sources said that in the meeting, Anand Sharma has requested the committee members to provide feedback so that party could prepare its election manifesto by giving final touches in August 5 meeting. Sources further informed that Virbhadra Singh is in Delhi to meet party high command as he is not happy with the induction of some members in the Congress campaign committee.With assembly polls nearing, national parties like BJP and Congress are struggling to keep their flock together as infighting within the parties have intensified. In Himachal Pradesh assembly polls are likely to be held in the first week of November.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15115248", "title": "Engineering colleges pocket students\u2019 security deposit", "text": "BHOPAL: Private engineering colleges across the state are pocketing a sum of about Rs 6 crore every year collected from the students as security deposit.The security money charged from the students at the time of admissions are not refunded in most cases.Each student deposits Rs 1,500 at the time of the admission. Last year, around 63,000 students took admission in engineering colleges in different colleges and security deposits are charged from about 45000 students who do not fall in the reserved category. The officer on special duty of Madhya Pradesh fee and admission regulatory committee, Sunil Kumar told TOI, \"Around 99% colleges never returned the amount to the students. He added that the money ideally should be returned to the students along with the transfer certificate on completion of studies.Students deposit the amount for four years in the form of refundable amount. \"The money is deposited to recover any damage to college property by the student or damage or non-return of library book. If a student has not damaged college property and he has a no objection certificate then he has the right to claim the security deposit on completion of his degree and before leaving the institute, Kumar added.Interestingly, some institutions state that the money is transferred to the alumni association stating that it is used for the welfare of the students who pass out from their college. \"It is good if they transfer the money to the alumni. However, very few colleges do so,\" Kumar claimed.Kumar, however, said the students should demand their deposit from the institutions. \"We have recently received a complaint from some students where they demanded their money back from college. I have directed the respective institutions to return the money,\" he said. On being asked, engineering students alleged the engineering colleges never return the money.Rita Mishra, a student alleged, \"I am waiting for the last one year. Rather that returning the money the college said I had not returned a book issued from the library. I have stopped calling them as there is no point wasting time and money calling and visiting the college for Rs 1,500.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15113626", "title": "Chidambaram asks Maharashtra CM to ensure proper security of Jundal", "text": "NEW DELHI: Union home minister P Chidambaram has asked Maharashtra chief minister Prithviraj Chavan to ensure foolproof security of 26/11 terror attack accused Abu Jundal, who is now under the custody of Mumbai Police.In a telephonic conversation, Chidambaram communicated to Chavan that there is need to ensure elaborate security arrangements for Jundal, a key handler of the 10 terrorists who attacked Mumbai in November, 2008.The home minister is learnt to have mentioned that safe and secure custody and trial of Jundal would reassure the global community that India can successfully handle custody of high-value targets and bring top terrorists to face justice.He also told Chavan that if any Central assistance was required for the safety of Jundal, it would be provided to the Maharashtra government at the earliest.Custody of Jundal, who was detained in Saudi Arabia and deported to India on June 21, has been given to Maharashtra Police by a court here last week. After his arrival from Saudi Arabia, Jundal was arrested by Delhi Police and was in its custody for a month.At present, highly-trained personnel of ITBP - a central paramilitary force - have been deployed to assist Maharashtra Police to provide security to another prized catch Mohammed Ajmal Kasab , who was caught during 2611 attacks. Pakistani citizen Kasab is one of the 10 LeT terrorists who had attacked Mumbai. Nine of them were killed by security forces during the terror strikes.Chidambaram's call to Chavan comes in the backdrop of intelligence reports that both Pakistani intelligence agency ISI and terror group Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) could target Jundal, who have many classified information about their operations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15114126", "title": "Drought threat to four states, food minister KV Thomas says", "text": "Union minister for consumer affairs, food and public distribution KV Thomas tells Nitin Sethi that it makes better sense to distribute stocked foodgrain to people of the country than subsidise exports.Possible spread of drought that the government is looking at...At the moment, monsoon rainfall is 23% below the long term average. But we have to wait another 15 days to know the full situation. We had discussion in the presence of the agriculture minister with meteorology departments and scientists. They informed of 23% deficit in rainfall.There are several parts suffering drought even as on average across the country things may seem on margin. How do you manage that?One advantage now is that we get the information in advance. We sat with the meteorology department and we know this is going to happen now.In parts of states such as Karnataka and Maharashtra, the rain deficit is much worse than the country-wide average deficit. Can one presume there is a drought in these states?Definitely so. During our discussion in presence of the agriculture minister, we had suggested that the farmers should be prepared in these states for better and right technologies to tackle the situation - like the right kind of seeds. He has directed some experts to find out how the farmers in these pockets can be helped. That is what I understood.So what parts are under absolute threat of drought as of now?Karnataka, parts of Maharashtra, Gujarat and Rajasthan. These are the main areas of concern.And Andhra Pradesh?Not to that extent at the moment. So once we get these predictions from the meteorology departments then we can act upon it - different sowing mechanisms and other assistance can be provided. Also, our internal assessment is changed. Say, for example, we know pulses are going to come under strain; we have to manage import in advance. In 2009, when I took over, onion prices had spiked high. My immediate job was to bring it down. Now we monitor it regularly and see that if production is up, we can export. There is no doubt we should have an export policy. What happens in India is when we have a bumper production, immediately we start exporting and do not get the price in the international market that could have been secured. When our production comes down, I try to import, then the international prices shoot up. There should be a policy to have a mechanism in place to decide when and how to import or export.But why has progress not been made on having such a clear export-import policy?I advocate such a policy even in case of wheat and sugar. We should have some kind of transparent mechanism and policy. Similarly, we should have a clear policy in the case of milk powder where there is a regular flow. I agree there has to be a policy on that or we shall not get the correct prices. We have to work it out.The impact of drought on production...The food grain production and sugar cane will remain more or less the same. The problem is with pulses and oilseeds. These are the two crops where production will come down.Now coming to the food grains, wheat and rice, we already have a bumper production and record storage, to the tune of about 82 million tonnes. Out of that, 77 million tonnes is wheat. The requirement at the moment for TPDS with the 2000 census figures being used is 55 million tonnes. Even when the Food Security Bill is passed, it will be 62 million tonnes so we can manage in the existing situation. We have taken a policy decision in this ministry that we will distribute these food grains within the country. For example, our additional allocation under BPL has been 5 million tonnes and another 1 million tonnes under APL and 3 million tonnes under the Open Market Sale Scheme.Under this Open Market Sale, the subsidy component is much, much lower than the subsidy incurred in exporting the food grains. Already, the export is taking place under open general license. Already 55.4 lakh tonnes of non-basmati rice has been exported. Another 1 lakh tonne will be exported further. About 13 lakh tonnes of wheat has already been exported and another 6 will go out under OGL - where there is no subsidy component. We are trying to export more with some subsidy but let us see the international situation. Drought is impacting other countries too and altering the international market. Some of the people accuse that we are being hasty with exports. We are not. Under the OGL system, exports are already taking place. Our contention is that if you are going to export with subsidy why you don't distribute it within the country to the maximum limit possible. Distribution within the country is better. Let us give more within than export with a subsidy. The subsidy we shall give on exports is higher than the subsidy on distributing it through the OMS within India. That is the point we have decided upon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15114382", "title": "Truant rains may have bearing on polls", "text": "AHMEDABAD: If Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi has kept anti-incumbency at bay despite being in power for over a decade, it is largely due to consistent monsoons. He faces his toughest test in the forthcoming assembly polls later this year, and a bad monsoon can adversely affect his chances. Especially so in the wake of growing dissent within his party and noises being made by key NDA allies, especially Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar , over his projection as BJP's prime ministerial candidate.A lot of hope was pinned on a low pressure system over the Bay of Bengal which was supposed to give moderate to heavy rainfall in north, east, central and south Gujarat on Monday and Tuesday. The system, instead of taking a route towards Gujarat, has blown off to Bihar.\"The system, which would have given widespread rains to the state, eventually progressed towards Bihar, moved to north east Madhya Pradesh and will progress further in that direction. So no rains from this system will be seen in the state,\" a weather official said.As consolation, some parts of north, east, central and especially south Gujarat will receive moderate rains due to the upper air circulation lying over the Gujarat region.Gujarat is reeling from highly deficient rains as it received 63% less rains against the average seasonal rainfall. The situation is more critical in Kutch and Saurashtra where rains are deficient by 76%.Poor rainfall will make the ground more fertile for rebel leader Keshubhai Patel , who still holds sway over rural areas of Saurashtra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15114379", "title": "Vat evasion racket busted", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A valued added tax (Vat) evasion racket involving glass sheet and mirror importers from the state has been unearthed. Gujarat commercial tax officials raided eight importers, including two in Ahmedabad and three in Surat.Officials found more than Rs 31 crore of unaccounted transactions in which the traders had sold off glass sheets and mirrors imported from China without bill to evade the 15 per cent Vat.\"We raided premises of Nova Impex, Shiv Corporation and Glomax Glass in Surat, and Aarav Impex in Ahmedabad last Friday. We found that the companies had imported large quantities of glass and mirror sheets from China and sold them off without paying Vat,\" said a senior commercial tax official. tnnThe officials have collected cheques worth Rs 43 lakh from a few traders and attached residential properties of those who haven't paid the evaded tax.\"In one of the cases we found that Kishore Patel, who is the promoter of Nova Impex had opened another company in the name of a rickshaw driver. He then carried out imports from China under this company and sold material without bill. The rickshaw driver was unaware of the clandestine activities,\" the official said. The commercial tax department has filed a case against Patel in the tax evasion case. Sources said a tax demand along with penalty of more than Rs 9 crore will be raised against the companies promoted by Patel.=", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15114612", "title": "Tobacco banned in two more Noida villages", "text": "NOIDA: Following the footsteps of Sarfabad, two other Noida villages have decided to ban sale and consumption of tobacco in their areas. A panchayat will be held by Hoshiyarpur and Sorkha villages on Tuesday to announce the ban. Soon, a maha-panchayat will be held to ban liquor in the area.Sorkha village head Naresh Yadav, said, \"Farmers got handsome compensation after land acquisition, but the youth do not know how to conserve the money and have been spending it lavishly on alcohol, gutka and cigarettes. This has become a social menace and we have to curb it.\"The headman added that the same rules apply to sale and consumption of tobacco as has been enumerated by the panchayat of Sarfabad. \"Sellers will be fined Rs 1,000 while those consuming it will be penalized Rs 500. Informers will get a reward of Rs 100 for telling the panchayat about vendors and those consuming it,\" Yadav said. The villagers have also written a letter to UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav. \"The UP CM is young and dynamic and we hope he understands this menace. Offering compensation is not enough, the government should build industries or conducting skills training programmes for the youth so that they can earn a living,\" added Yadav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15113896", "title": "Monsoon likely to miss Met prediction, again", "text": "NEW DELHI: Current weather trends indicate the monsoon is likely to miss its predicted mark of 96% of the long term average (LPA) for the season, and may settle around 92%. The second stage June forecast of 96% was itself a downgrade of the 98% LPA predicted in May.Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) has forecast a 98% rainfall for July, but so far the precipitation has been 84% for the entire country. Officials are hopeful some of the shortfall will be made up before July ends with rains expected to intensify over north-west, north-east, east and central India, but the 98% forecast is unlikely to pan out.\"There is a fair chance of monsoon reviving in the last week of July. However, we do not expect it to meet the prediction of 98% made by IMD in June. This is also because we had been expecting rainfall over north-west India to revive by July 21, but the cyclonic circulation that was to have brought rain crossed the country south of Delhi, through Madhya Pradesh, Gujarat and southern Rajasthan,\" said a Met official.Although IMD has been careful about further downgrading the monsoon, a Prime Minister's Office (PMO) release indicated that this might be inevitable. \"IMD's second stage forecast predicted rainfall over the whole monsoon season to be normal at 96% of long period average with model error of plus/minus 4%, but this is now reportedly likely to be around the lower end of the range,\" the statement said.PMO said that the rainfall in north-west, central, southern peninsula and east and north-east India till July 15 has been lower than their LPAs by 33%, 26%, 26% and 10%, respectively. However the situation of major reservoirs is less worrisome with storage at 78% of the 10-year average. Reservoirs are getting filled due to heavy rains in Himalayan foothills, north-east and southern India.Met officials also pointed to some hopeful developments. \"Another circulation will develop over the Bay of Bengal around July 25 and move north-west wards, bringing rain to north-western states for four-five days. The monsoon axis is also moving northwards and the next couple of days will see sporadic showers over western Uttar Pradesh, Delhi, Punjab, Haryana and eastern Rajasthan,\" Met sources said.While the IMD is expected to issue a revised forecast for August and September later this week, PMO said that even though the deficiency in end-June has reduced, the shortfall was still worrying the government.\"The intensity and spread of rainfall over the next week or so needs to be watched carefully, especially in Karnataka, Maharashtra, Gujarat and Rajasthan...The overall figure of 22% deficit (for the country at present) can, however, be misleading as the unevenness of distribution and periodicity of rainfall are also factors to be taken into account,\" PMO said.The possibility of the monsoon recovering to touch 96% of LPA is bleak. The prediction for August is 96% of the LPA for the month and September can see less rain due to possible development of El Nino conditions, officials said.\"July accounts for roughly a third of the total rainfall seen between June and September. Given the present circumstances, there seems all possibility that the prediction for the season will be downgraded somewhat,\" said a Met official.North-west India, which is likely to see the weakest spell of monsoon, is facing a deficiency of 42%. East and north-east India, having witnessed heavy showers for most of this month, are the most comfortable with a -7% monsoon.\"The coming week should see good rain over most parts of the country. Till July 26, north-est India, UP, MP, Chhattisgarh, Vidarbha, Bihar, sub-Himalayan West Bengal and Sikkim, north-east states, west coast and the Andaman and Nicobar Islands will see isolated to widespread rain. From then till the month-end, rain and thundershowers will be seen over many parts of central and eastern India, west coast and north-east states,\" add IMD.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15113818", "title": "Lobo demands rail service to Candolim-Arpora tourist belt", "text": "PORVORIM: Calangute BJP MLA Michael Lobo urged the government to explore the possibility of connecting the Konkan Railway line to the Candolim-Arpora tourist belt and to revive the rent-a-bike scheme.Speaking during the demand for grants to transport and PWD, Lobo said that a large number of people from the coastal areas right from Pernem to Canacona earn their living by renting two-wheelers to tourists. He said the scheme started by the government 10 years ago had benefitted thousands and hence the government should reconsider its decision to stop implementing the scheme. Stating that it is a major source of self-employment to the coastal people, he requested the government to acquire land for parking rent-a-bikes. Lobo also called upon the government to start an insurance policy and mediclaim for taxi drivers.Stating that the coastal belt is facing a major transport problem, Lobo demanded a traffic coordination plan and that a committee comprising officers from transport, traffic, tourism and the village panchayat be constituted to look into the issue. He demanded that the government should construct parking lots, footpaths for tourists and a dedicated water pipeline for shacks.Goa Vikas Party chief Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco demanded that the government get rid of agents and touts operating from outside the offices of the transport department. Moving over to the PWD, he said the roads constructed in the last five years were of poor quality and blamed it on the \"percentage\" system. He also demanded that the inquiry report of the anti-corruption branch on the suicide of a PWD contractor should be made public if the government believes in transparency. The ACB was asked to inquire into the case in which a contractor had committed suicide in Mayem two months ago.Benaulim MLA Caetano 'Caitu' D'Silva said the former PWD had approved five bridges in the constituency when no one had asked for even half of them. \"An inquiry should be instituted on the projects,\" he demanded. The Calangute MLA demanded that the government declare the dumping of construction material by the roadside a cognizable offence.Dabolim MLA Mauvin Goinho requested that the government shut the swimming pool at the Goa Niwas in Delhi and convert it into a conference hall.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "darjeeling", "code": "15114453", "title": "Gorkha Janamutki Morcha may reject Gorkhaland Territorial Administration if funds aren\u2019t released", "text": "DARJEELING: Two days after CM Mamata Banerjee gave GJM a walkover in GTA elections, GJM president Bimal Gurung said if the state government delayed in releasing funds for development work, he will be forced to reject the GTA. He said this at 7th Mile in Kalimpong while campaigning for Kaizm Tsering Lepcha from the Chibo-Tashiding constituency.\"There is a lot of development work that needs to be taken up and completed. But for this we will need funds. If the state government fails to deliver its promise and delays release of funds that could hamper development work, then I will not hesitate to reject the GTA agreement,\" said the GJM chief.Taking a dig at the candidates fielded by the Trinamool for the election, the GJM president said, \"They (TMC candidates) did not deserve to be fielded in the election. All of them were opportunists and selfish,\" he said.Gurung also advised the future GTA Sabha members to give priority to people's problems. \"You must be humble and work diligently. People should be able to meet you in your office and get their work done,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15115929", "title": "3 teenagers held for killing labourer in Korukkupet", "text": "CHENNAI: Police arrested three teenagers on Monday in connection with the murder of contract labourer in Korrukupet.Police said the trio chased L Sridhar, a contract labourer at Chennai Port clubbed him to death in front of the Korrukupet police station on Sunday night. A few members of the public raised an alarm and tried to nab the trio but the they fled from the scene.Police said the three teenagers were walking on the road when they were intercepted by Sridhar, who was drunk. Sridhar shouted abuses at them. Enraged over this, the trio chased Sridhar and beat him up near the police station.Police identified the victim with the help of an entry pass of Ennore Port Trust.With the identification provided by few witnesses, police nabbed the teenagers on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15118432", "title": "Wipro, Cognizant bag multi-year contracts from Philips", "text": "Wipro Technologies has signed a multi-year contract with Royal Philips Electronics as the latter's main global partner in its transformational programme for enhanced business growth and profitability. In a separate development, Philips also made Cognizant a strategic partner to drive a broad range of technology-enabled business transformation and growth programmes.Financial and other details of both the contracts were not disclosed.Wipro will work with Philips on its transformational roadmap towards optimising and enhancing all its business processes of idea to market, market to order and order to cash across a wide spectrum of platforms that include integration, user interaction and security and authorisation. Wipro will also be the system integrator for key initiatives across these Philips' businesses and platforms.NS Bala, senior vice president and global head, manufacturing and high-tech, Wipro Technologies, said, \"We are delighted to have been chosen as a strategic 'global prime partner' by Philips in their transformational journey. Wipro will leverage its strong understanding of the business domain and capability in new and emerging technologies, to enable Philips become more agile, deliver innovative products and solutions to its customers, faster and strengthen their leadership position in the market place.\"Cognizant, on the other hand, will provide a range of consulting and application services globally to help Philips consolidate, rationalise, and enhance its IT landscape for improved operational efficiency, business agility, and governance. Its engagement will enable Philips to transition the IT organisation to a platform and output-based managed services model across multiple business lines and corporate functions.\"Our relationship with Cognizant will allow us to leverage its extensive consulting, domain, and technology capabilities for the business transformation program that forms the cornerstone of our endeavor to drive agility, innovation, and competitiveness,\" said Jeroen Tas, executive vice-president and chief information officer at Philips. \"In implementing a paradigm shift in our IT delivery model, Cognizant will help create solutions that enable Philips to capitalise on business opportunities, and win in the marketplace.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15115672", "title": "Orientation programme begins for newcomers at IIT-Kanpur", "text": "KANPUR: The new students were welcomed by the IIT-K authorities during the orientation programme on Monday. The newcomers were accompanied by their parents and guardians.The students of both undergraduate and postgraduate categories had started reaching the campus from Saturday. All of them had completed the formalities of registration and buying the items of the daily needs. They had been allotted rooms in the hostels.The orientation programme was headed by IIT-K director S G Dhande. Dean (student affairs) A K Ghosh and head, counseling service, prof A R Harish were also present.The new students were administered oath by Harish for giving their best in both academics and sports. They were also asked to take oath about maintaining the image of institute. This was followed by detailing about the conduct on the campus.\"When your academic session will begin you will be spending time in labs with seniors. During this period, you will be exposed to seniors but do not hesitate to talk to them and maintain communication. Maintain communication among yourselves as time spent on the campus with peers and seniors will be the best part of your academic life,\" Ghosh said in his address.They were told that they should not fall in relationships as it hampers academics. The students were also shown a slide show about the campus life and made them acquainted with the way the life goes on in IIT-K.Meanwhile, many students were busy in understanding the routes of the campus. A heavy rush was seen at the shopping centre. Mattresses, SIM cards, stationery, bicycles and other items at available at the centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15117342", "title": "Negatives on their way to extinction?", "text": "The advent of digital cinema and changes in cinematography techniques have sounded the death knell for film processing labs, which has made storage of negatives an issue.As many as 100 negatives of Bengali films have been hit by the closure of Reliance Mediaworks Limited's Kolkata lab on June 9 this year. Among these are films by Raja Sen, Pinaki Chaudhuri, Bappaditya Bandopadhyay and Anup Sengupta, including \"Aarohan\", \"Ballygunje Court\", \"Moubone Aaj\" and \"Houseful\". Those production houses that have the means to convert negatives to the digital format are lucky. Threatened with acute storage problems in Kolkata, the rest will simply be relegated to the trash cans. In fact, when a lab in Mumbai had closed down some years ago, the authorities simply threw away the negatives when the production houses never came down to collect or store them elsewhere.Some of the movies that have been hit by the closure of a Kolkata lab  A former employee at the lab says, \"Having this lab in Kolkata was not financially viable since its main revenue driver have been prints. In 2007, one film would get at least 35 to 40 physical prints. Today, that number has gone down to one or two. Even screening facilities for movies made in the earlier format aren't available that easily in Kolkata. Close to 70 production houses have their negatives stored in this Kolkata lab and letters have already been dispatched asking the producers to take the prints within the next 15 days. Shifting these negatives to the Mumbai branch of the lab isn't a viable option.\"Storing negatives in the lab's vault, says this source, was never a profit-making exercise. \"We needed to maintain a fixed temperature round the clock for 365 days of the year. The production houses were asked to pay only 5,000 per movie. That wasn't enough to even foot the electric bills. Even this amount has not been paid by most producers. Only when they needed the negatives did they come to the lab authorities. They would then be asked to clear the backlog of payment to get the negatives. But how long can a lab function this way on sympathy grounds is the question,\" says this source.The worst sufferers are directors. Archiving movies haven't been their priority. Today, even if the directors want to take the negatives, they don't have the right to do so on their own. Converting the negatives to digital is a costly exercise that few production houses can afford. With the government's Rupayan Colour Labarotary (the post-production centre for films in Salt Lake's Sector IV) lying defunct and curtains down at this private lab, most filmmakers have little option but to either make digital movies or go to Chennai or Mumbai labs for post-production where negatives can be stored.\"Ballygunje Court\" starring Soumitra Chatterjee, Mamata Shankar, Sabyasachi Chakrabarty, Tanusree Shankar and Manoj Mitra had won the Best Feature Film in Bengali at the 55th National Award. \" Aarohan \", starring Soumitra Chatterjee, Sandhya Roy, Rituparna Sengupta and Samadarshi Dutta, was selected for the Montreal Festival in 2010. The fate of the negatives of both these movies is hanging in balance. It would take at least a lakh to convert the negative of one movie to the digital format. That's quite a huge amount to foot now.\"Raja Sen is equally alarmed. Says Sen, \"Last year, I made \" Moubone  Aj \" with Rachna Banerjee, Rahul and Priyanka. If we work in a lab, we are usually sure that the lab will store the negatives for 15 years. By then, one understands the movie's archival value. I am completely at a loss because I never imagined that this would be a problem with a one-year-old movie. Negatives of all my other movies are stored in a Chennai lab.\"Chaudhuri and Sen would like the government to intervene though most of them are aware that not much has been done to preserve archival movies of master movie-makers of Bengal. \"If classics of Tapan Sinha have got lost without any government intervention, why are we talking about our negatives?\" asks Sen. Well, is anyone listening?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15114673", "title": "4 colleges under scanner over sports quota admissions", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The monitoring committee set up by Gujarat University (GU) to look over the admissions in commerce colleges affiliated to it, has zeroed in on four colleges where gross irregularities have taken place. The commerce colleges where irregularities have been detected include Som Lalit college, LJ college, RJ Tibrewal college and JG college. A report submitted by the committee says that these colleges enrolled such students under sports quota, who had never played a state or national level tournament. The students enrolled have just played school level tournaments. These colleges have also not followed the rules while enrolling students in the reserved categories. Acting vice chancellor Mukul Shah said, \"I have received the report. A meeting of the committee would be convened and the findings would be discussed following which action shall be taken.\" The committee probed why certain colleges did not admit students despite having vacant seats. Over 4,000 seats have been left vacant in 48 colleges offering commerce degree in the city. tnnOver 4,000 seats have been left vacant in 48 colleges offering commerce degree in the city. In the last few days, committee members found that several colleges disregarded the merit list announced by GU authorities and violated norms when it came to admitting disabled students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15114637", "title": "Call to end disputes as Calicut University turns 45", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The Calicut University today started off a series of celebrations to mark the 45th anniversary of the varsity at a function held here at the Seminar Complex.Inaugurating the celebrations noted historian and former vice-chancellor of the varsity T K Raveendran said that the syndicate, vice chancellor and the administration should work in unison for the varsity to achieve its objectives. \"But syndicates often become the bane of universities by making unwarranted interferences and delaying the decision making process,\" he said.CU vice-chancellor M Abdul Salam said the varsity is in the process of harnessing latest technology to launch many student-friendly initiatives on the campus.Former vice-chancellor ANP Ummer Kutty launched the global online certificate verification system, which will help prospective employers to verify the certification status and genuineness of CU degree certificates and mark sheets.A job portal which will enable students from the university departments and affiliated students to upload their resumes was also inaugurated at the function. The facility was launched by former vice chancellor K K N Kurup.Syndicate members, Advocate P M Niyas, T P Ashraf Ali, R S Panikkar, T V Ibrahim and university Union vice chairman Anson C Joy spoke at the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15114587", "title": "30 stunt bikers perform at India Gate, four held", "text": "NEW DELHI: Four bikers, who were performing stunts, were intercepted by traffic police at India Gate late on Sunday night even as a large number of them managed to escape after driving dangerously in New Delhi area.A traffic police team posted near Rajpath reported at 12.20am that around 30 bikers were driving rashly and going towards India gate C-hexagon from Akbar Road. While the cops tried to flag down the bikers, they refused to stop and rode past the police unit.A 58-year-old ASI, identified as Rajbir Singh and posted in the Parliament traffic circle, sustained a minor fracture on his hand as he stopped a biker, identified as Gajender Pal Singh, and his pillion.Three other bikers were also stopped by traffic officers. A criminal case has been registered against Gajender who was arrested and has now been sent to 14 days' judicial custody, said cops.\"ASI Rajbir Singh and constable Prashant stopped one of the motorcycles on which two persons were travelling at a high speed.\"In the process of stopping the motorcycle which was being driven by Gajender Pal Singh, ASI Rajbir Singh sustained injuries on his right hand. A case has been registered against Gajender Pal Singh at Tilak Marg police station,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra GargThe senior police official said that ASI Rajbir Singh and constable Prashant are being recommended for cash reward and commendation certificate by traffic police.\"The incident happened during a checking and patrolling that takes place daily at India Gate from 6pm till 1am to ensure smooth and safe movement of traffic in India Gate,\" Garg said.Many of the bikers were not wearing helmets, driving in a zig-zag fashion and misbehaving with the public as well as cops, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15114894", "title": "Dug-up New Colony street turns into residents' nightmare", "text": "GURGAON: For the last three months, the road at New Colony behind the gurdwara is in a complete mess and there seems to be no sign of improvement even now.The streets were dug up for changing the sewer line and for digging new manholes. But even when the civic work was over, the excavated street was left to its fate. The MCG continued to turn a blind eye to the problem the dug-up road was causing the residents.Residents complain that instead of recarpeting the roads, the pits were filled with loose mud which easily caves in under pressure. The risk was heightened after the rains.\"It's a nightmare to commute through these roads. It's difficult to either drive or walk along the street as road is in an utter mess,\" says Subodh Gaur, a resident of New Colony.The road has already caved in over 10 spots in the block. Residents say that almost every day, over five cars get stuck in the damp mud, blocking traffic and causing congestion.A complaint regarding the pathetic road condition has been forwarded to the SDO, ward councillor, and even the MCG commissioner but residents say that they have received no confirmation. \"The authorities are either taking it too easy or are procrastinating way too much. For the past two months, they've been saying that work will be completed in a week's time but the task remains incomplete even now,\" said Sarabjeet Singh, president, RWA in New Colony. Residents further allege that the contractor responsible for reconstructing the road, namely Suman Chowdhri, has been ignoring the issue. \"SDO Amit and senior deputy mayor, Yashpal Batra have also been least helpful and keep on delaying our plea,\" added Singh.Apart from traffic issues, the mess is leading to health troubles as well. Puddles filled with water have become a breeding ground for mosquitoes. \"It has become a challenge to live in this colony. I am forced to clean my house almost five times a day because of the filth on the street,\" says Manjum, a resident of New Colony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "15114181", "title": "Quepem municipal council to treat Ponda municipal council's garbage", "text": "PONDA: Irked with several organizations refusing to allow disposal of Ponda's garbage in their respective premises, the Ponda municipal council (PMC) is mulling on signing an agreement with Quepem municipal council (QMC) to dispose its garbage at the latter's treatment plant.Meanwhile, after opposition was received when it tried to dispose off garbage in a private property at Curti-Ponda, the PMC has begun to dispose its garbage at a private property owned by PMC chief officer (CO) Pradeep Naik at Honda in Sattari, Naik revealed.However, he said, this arrangement would be until the agreement with the Quepem civic body is signed. The Ponda civic body is in touch with the QMC to treat its two metric tonnes of garbage generated per day, Naik said.QMC has a 10-metric tonne garbage treatment plant and the PMC will send two truckloads of garbage every day from its 13 wards to the Quepem site.PMC has its own land earmarked for a garbage treatment plant at Curti-Ponda, and the civic body has also begun work of erecting a compound wall around it.However, work could not proceed further on this.In absence of the plant, the PMC had several times made some alternative arrangements; such as disposing the garbage in a private agricultural farm as manure, and dumping it in an open space at Curti within the jurisdiction of the Curti-Khandepar village panchayat.The PMC had been dumping its garbage in open land owned by Hemant Verekar at Curti, but he also stopped it later, on grounds of pollution, said Nagesh Naik, deputy sarpanch of Curti-Khandepar. However, when a group of mediapersons visited the Curti garbage dumping site, several large heaps of thousands of tonnes of abandoned, unsegregated, garbage was found dumped on the surface of a large stretch of open land and a large amount of leachate was flowing from the waste.Interestingly, the dumped garbage was not segregated and attracted a large number of cattle and stray dogs.The leachate, which was pouring out of the dumps, was in turn, flowing into the open drain connecting a culvert at the Ponda-Borim-Usgao road junction.It may be recalled that a recent bus accident at Curti that had injured about 18 people, was claimed to have occured due to skidding of the bus on a slippery road.Locals said the leachate has been flowing on the road and if no action was taken, it would contaminate the ground water table.When asked about the large heaps of abandoned garbage on private property despite the landowner's opposition to it, the deputy sarpanch, Naik, expressed his surprise at it and assured that he would conduct a site inspection soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15115812", "title": "Water released from dams to save paddy crop in Panchmahal", "text": "VADODARA: With concerns being raised about agriculture, particularly the paddy crop, in Panchmahal district due to no rains since the last several days, water has been released from Panam and Kadana dams to ensure that the crop does not wilt. The problem, however, may become grave if there is no rainfall in the coming days.The officials decided to release water from the dams to ensure that the standing paddy crop does not wilt. Officials said the water would reach the fields by Tuesday morning.Panchmahal district panchayat agriculture officer J J Patel said out of an average annual sowing of 2.7 lakh hectare, sowing had been done in nearly 1.49 lakh hectare in the district. \"This is much better than the figures last year as by this time only 90,000 hectare had been under cultivation then,\" he said.While the district received 22 per cent rainfall, concerns were being raised regarding the paddy crop due to the dry weather over the past many days. Patel said in the wake of the situation, water from the dams has been released.Panam dam executive engineer N D Solanki said 375 cusecs of water was being released from the dam presently. He said this would be raised to 475 cusecs on Tuesday morning. He said the dam had sufficient water and its level presently was 123 metres against a total height of 127.41 metres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15114471", "title": "16 states record dip in enrolment", "text": "NEW DELHI: Forecasting a gloomy future for the country's education scenario, a study has shown that enrolment has dropped in half the states. About 16 states, including Uttar Pradesh, Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh, Bihar and Kerala, registered a drop in enrolment even as states like Punjab, Sikkim and Tamil Nadu improved their performance.The study \u2014 conducted by the National University of Educational Planning and Administration ( NUEPA) \u2014 has found that there has been an overall improvement in enrolment at the elementary level in the country during 2010-11. However, access remains denied to marginalized communities, including girls, Muslims and OBCs.Enrolment for girls has stagnated to less than half \u2014 from 48.41% in 2011 to 48.46% in 2010 \u2014 while OBC enrolment has come down from 42% to 40%. Enrolment for Muslims has also dropped marginally from 13.48% (2010) to 13.04% (2011).The education development index (EDI) shows Puducherry and Lakshadweep continued to remain among the top three states, with Punjab ranked third. Tamil Nadu, which was earlier ranked fifth, improved its performance marginally to occupy the fourth slot, while Kerala dropped from third to fifth slot. Delhi, too, recorded a drop, though its enrolment had increased marginally.The survey also noted that enrolment in private schools was better than government-run institutes. Highlighting the increased inclination among parents to enroll their wards in private schools, the report said that while admission in class I-V in government schools declined in 2010-11 as compared to 2009-10, the corresponding figure rose in private schools.Enrolment in class I-V at government schools in 2010-11 was 9.4 crore as compared to 9.6 crore in 2009-10. On the other hand, class I-V enrolment in all private schools during 2010-11 was 3.8 crore as compared to 3.7 crore in 2009-10, the report said.The overall enrolment in all schools\u2014 from class I to V \u2014 stood at 13.5 crore in 2010-11 as compared to 13.3 crore in 2009-10.The report, 'Elementary Education in India: Progress towards Universal Elementary Education', also showed a marginal improvement in enrolment among girls from class VI to VIII, and a slight drop between class I and V.The study was based on the data received from as many as 1.36 million schools spread over 637 districts in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15114300", "title": "Mayawati govt's land transfer move cost exchequer Rs 2,600cr", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The erstwhile BSP government's decision to transfer over 500 acres of land to the Noida Authority in 2009 has resulted in a whopping Rs 2,600 crore loss to the state exchequer, the Comptroller General of India has pointed out.In its report for the year ended March 31, 2011, the CAG has rapped the irrigation department for carrying out the land transfer bypassing the revenue department and described it as an act of \"non-compliance with rules and regulations\".The report has pointed out that the state irrigation department had in January-May, 2009, transferred and allowed the possession of 501.92 acres of land to the Noida Authority \"for development purposes\" \"without recovering full value of the land from the Authority.\"Even though a Government Order passed in January, 2009 had directed for completing \"all the requisite legal formalities, including realisation of full cost of land at the prevailing circle rate by the Irrigation Department, before the registration and transfer of possession of land in favour of the Authority\".\"As per the State Financial Rules, all government land and immovable property should ordinarily be sold through the Revenue Department,\" the report has stated.The report further states that the total value of the land as worked out in audit on the basis of prevailing circle rate was Rs 2697.17 crore.Moreover, as against a demand raised for payment of Rs 150 crore in advance the Authority had paid only Rs 65 crore by March 2009.The concerned Executive Engineer sought to shift the responsibility of transfer of the land to the Government saying in March 2010 that the decisions had been taken at the Government level.It was also stated that the valuation of the land was yet to be finalised.\"The reply was not acceptable as the Government Order for realising full value of land before transfer and possession of land was not observed,\" the CAG said.During discussions held in November 2011, \"while admitting the facts the government stated that the land would be registered in favour of the Authority after realising full value in 10 years\".\"The reply was not acceptable as the fact remained that the land was transferred without realising full value,\" the CAG added.\"Thus, due to transfer of 501.92 acres of land belonging to the Department without realising full value at the prevailing circle rates led to loss of Rs 2,632.19 crore to the government,\" the report concluded.Earlier on June 15, state Irrigation Minister Shivpal Singh Yadav had told the Vidhan Sabha that he wanted the land be given back to the Irrigation Department, as the Noida authority is likely to give this land to builders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15115193", "title": "Capitalize on lapses of opponent: Anand", "text": "PATNA: Everyone has a turning point in life and career and a match is no different. A few moments of lapse may have a big impact on one's life and, in sports , it's very important how you grab that lapse of your opponent to make a turning point. This is how Viswanathan Anand , who was here to attend a NIIT function on Monday, summarized his fifth world chess title victory.Recalling the tense moments before going into the match against Boris Gelfand of Israel in Moscow and winning in a four-round tiebreaker after the 12-match contest was tied at 6-6, the first Asian to win the FIDE world chess tournament in 2000 and winner of world chess crown in 2007, 2008, 2010 and in May last, Anand said he had spent three months in training for the match because he knew there won't be too many chances for either of them.\"It was a sleepless night for me after losing the 7th game and going into the break for the day. I knew I had only five games to fight back. Gelfand had some problems with the white. And, I won the first game of the morning and 8th of the match and, that was the turning point. Thereafter, he was trying to provoke me but I didn't play G4, which he was expecting me to do. It was tense,\" said Anand, for whom it was the toughest of the five world championships he has won.\"Boris was well prepared as he had analyzed my world championship matches against Alexei Shirov, Vladimir Kramnik and Veselin Topalov . He is a very cool guy and complicated opponent. He waits for his chance. It was difficult for me to come up with innovations all the time,\" Anand said.Explaining the luck factor in sports, the 42-year-old chess king said certain things happen which cannot be explained by logic. \"If you look from a larger perspective, so many things in life are determined by luck. We commit blunder at times when we are not forced to do.\"About so many young chess players doing well, Anand admitted the average age in chess was dropping quite fast. He denied there was any bias against Indian players playing and performing well abroad. \"There is a difference between systematic bias and fans rooting for their national teams or star players,\" he clarified.On why chess is not so popular in India compared to other sports, Anand said, \"Situation has changed a lot in the last 25 years and India is making good progress in chess. What is needed is to bring more schoolchildren in contact with the game. And, any sport should have its benefits in academics and career. Playing chess itself is good for a child's mental development as it improves concentration. Once a star in any sport is born in your area or town, the game automatically gets popular in the community around,\" the first Indian grandmaster and the youngest of his time said.Anand said he was looking forward to meeting Levon Aronian or Magnus Carlsen as they would be the two possible and very potential challengers. They play incredible and exciting chess, Anand said.Asked whether he would like his son Akhil to play chess, Anand said only time will tell how things shape up. \"No one in my family had even an inkling of my becoming a chess player,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15114377", "title": "Nirma varsity students protest against fee hike", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Students of Nirma University staged a dharna in the campus on Monday to protest against a sharp increase in tuition fees by the fee regulatory committee. Students, especially those in the third semester, demanded that the hike be rolled back. They alleged that despite charging high fees, there was no infrastructure in the university.The committee has increased the fees in the IT engineering course by Rs 17,000 and in the pharmacy course by Rs 55,000. The students claimed they had made several representations before the university authorities but to no avail. They alleged that despite charging high fees, the university did not provide internet facility on campus, the canteen food was substandard and teachers were often absent.Executive registrar D P Chhaya said that they had no role in fixing fees for any course. The fee regulatory committee, based on a Gujarat HC judgment, had increased the fees. He added that the students should make representations to the committee. \"The increase is only applicable to students of the third semester. They can pay the fees in two installments,\" Chhaya added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15113644", "title": "Rajesh Khanna\u2019s dinner was never over without mithai, paan", "text": "MUMBAI: Rajesh Khanna always ended his dinner with a paan, which he would himself buy from his two favourite shops, either Mishra Paan Bhandar at Juhu or Paagal Paanwala on Turner Road.The superstar's friend for 11 years, Prakash Rohra, said, \"He wanted paan after dinner and preferred to go and buy them himself. There were times when I would buy his paan from the Mishra shop in Juhu or we would drive to Turner Road where Paagal Paanwala is situated.\"Khanna's usual was a Calcutta sada or sometimes, a magai paan. Manoj Yadav of Paagal Paanwala, where the actor would visit at least thrice a week at one point of time, said, \"He stopped coming since last year. He usually came with friends in a red Zen and there used to be a lady with him. He would step out of the car and buy two paans, one he would eat there and the other he would get packed to take away. He would praise my paan.\"Like paan, Khanna had another favourite, without which his dinner would never be complete: sweets. Echoing Khanna's co-actress Asha Parekh, Rohra said, \"Khanna loved caramel custard and moong daal halwa. But he had stopped eating most sweets in the past year, he would have only the sugar-free ones. Once when I called him to say I was going to Allahabad, he asked me to bring back maathi (a sweet samosa) from there. I got specially made sugar-free samosas for him.\"His array of desserts was not restricted to the Indian varieties, ice creams occupying a top slot on his \"cherish\" list. He would often visit Natural Ice Creams on Hill Road. An attendant at the shop said the star liked the seasonal flavoured ones but Khanna's alleged live-in partner, Anita Advani, maintained chocolate was his personal favourite. \"We used to stand outside the shop and have ice creams,\" she said.And when it came to food, he would not stop at travelling all the way to Malshej Ghat near Pune, where he would Sushant Dhaba. \"If we travelled to places like Shirdi, Kakaji liked to visit Sushant Dhaba for his food.\" Another getaway that was popular with Khanna was Shangrila Resort in Kalyan. The resort marketing manager, Lenin Fernandes, said, \"He liked staying in our Maharaja suite, which has a pool attached to it. He preferred staying indoors.\" Rohra, who often booked the room for him, said, \"When he would feel low and wanted to go out of the city, we would drive to this place and spend a couple of days there. We would drink and order a huge platter of both vegetarian and non-vegetarian food. But his day ended with a glass of cold milk. He would tell me, 'Prakash, we drink, which causes acidity and milk is an antidote'.\"(With inputs by Pradeep Gupta)Family to immerse ashes in HaridwarRajesh Khanna's ashes will be immersed in the Ganga at Haridwar. On Thursday, Khanna's family members will reportedly leave for Haridwar, where they will perform the final rites. \"The entire family, including his wife, Dimple, daughters Twinkle and Rinkie and son-in-law Akshay Kumar , will go to Haridwar,\" said a source. The family is likely to charter a flight for the trip.-- tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15113726", "title": "2 killed, 3 hurt in road mishaps", "text": "HYDERABAD: Two persons died and three others were injured in separate road accidents in the city on Monday.In the first incident that took place in Kukatpally at around 6.30am, an RTC bus from Vijayawada heading towards KPHB Colony hit a man and his son who were standing next to the road. Ashok Rao, 48, a businessman of Venkata Rao Nagar Colony in Kukatpally, died on the spot while his son Sridhar Rao, a B Tech student, suffered severe injuries, Kukatpally sub-inspector (SI) K Sridhar said.The two were filling red soil taken from the roadside into a small sack when the accident took place. \"As they were about to start their bike, the bus rammed into their vehicle. The bus driver seems to have lost control over the steering and went to the extreme left,\" the SI added. The bus driver fled from the spot immediately. The injured student was taken to a nearby hospital and Ashok's body was sent for post-mortem.In another incident, a Scorpio went amok and rammed into three pushcarts on NGOs Colony road, Vanasthalipuram, on Monday. At 1pm, the Scorpio (AP 28 AS 2300) driver K Vijay Kumar lost control over the vehicle and hit the pushcarts parked on the roadside near the bus stop. S Chandram, 55, a fruit vendor of Sahebnagar, A Mallikarjun, 60, a corn vendor, and M Yadagiri, a financier, were injured.\"All the injured were rushed to Kamineni Hospital where Chandram succumbed while undergoing treatment at 2.30pm,\" Vanasthalipuram SI A Shankar said.The Scorpio driver was bashed up by the locals and was later handed over to the police. Cases were booked against both the accused drivers under sections 304-A (Causing death due to rash or negligent act) and 337 (Causing injuries due to rash or negligent act) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15114051", "title": "Antop Hill sees more break-ins", "text": "MUMBAI: With 27 cases of house break-ins reported in Antop Hill till date this year, the zonal deputy commissioner of police had ordered the local police to prepare a database of all people residing in the locality.\"The total number of house break-ins cases registered till date this year is 27 against 36 in 2011. The break-ins reported from CGS colony are 10 against last year's 13. Vigilance has been increased and policemen have been deployed in CGS Colony,\" said deputy commissioner of police (zone 5) K G Patil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15113463", "title": "'Sewerage projects in Porvorim, Ponda, Panaji'", "text": "PORVORIM: PWD minister Ramkrishna 'Sudin' Dhavalikar told the Goa assembly that the government has decided to set up sewerage projects in Porvorim, Ponda and Panaji. He stated that once the JICA project is implemented, water supply to South Goa would be improved and a major part of Vasco would also get 24x7 water supply.He also stated that water supply to Mpausa and Porvorim will improve after the commissioning of the upgraded Assonora projectHe also said that a circular would be issued prohibiting the use of tinted glasses for government vehicles. This was in response to Nuvem MLA Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco who while participating in the demand for grants to transport, said that he had recently noticed a high-ranking government officer in his official car with tinted glasses. \"I didn't know who was inside,\" he said, demanding to know why the police book only private vehicles. Dhavlikar said the circular would be issued \"immediately\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15114813", "title": "Tobacco banned in two more Noida villages", "text": "NOIDA: Following the footsteps of Sarfabad, two other Noida villages have decided to ban sale and consumption of tobacco in their areas. A panchayat will be held by Hoshiyarpur and Sorkha villages on Tuesday to announce the ban. Soon, a maha-panchayat will be held to ban liquor.Sorkha village head Naresh Yadav, said, \"Farmers got handsome compensation after land acquisition, but the youth do not know how to conserve the money and have been spending it lavishly on alcohol, gutkha and cigarettes. This has become a social menace and we have to curb it.\"The headman added that the same rules apply to sale and consumption of tobacco as has been enumerated by the panchayat of Sarfabad. \"Sellers will be fined Rs 1,000 while those consuming it will be penalized Rs 500. Informers will get a reward of Rs 100 for telling the panchayat about vendors and those consuming it,\" Yadav said.The villagers have also written a letter to UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav. \"The UP CM is young and dynamic and we hope he understands this menace. Offering compensation is not enough, the government should build industries or conducting skills training programmes for the youth so that they can earn a living,\" added Yadav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15113759", "title": "HC erases divorced woman\u2019s \u2018impotent\u2019 tag after 18 years", "text": "MUMBAI: Nearly 18 years after a family court granted divorce to a man on the ground that his wife was \"impotent\", the Bombay high court on Monday quashed the order and said the lower court had made an \"error\" to equate infertility with impotency.A division bench of Justices A M Khanwilkar and A R Joshi said no evidence was presented before the court to prove the woman was impotent and directed the man to pay Rs 10,000 as costs to his wife immediately.The court verdict came on a petition filed by Pramila Ghante challenging the Pune family court's October 31, 1994 order granting divorce to her husband Shankar Ghante on grounds of impotency, cruelty and desertion. The couple had married on March 25, 1976.Pramila, now 63 years of age, retired as a Pune Municipal Corporation school teacher, while Shankar, who is 61, retired as an inspector with the state excise department. The bench pointed out that the appeal was filed in the high court when Pramila was 45 years old and Shankar 42, and said such a long delay for the appeal to reach a final hearing is a \"rather disturbing state of affairs\".Pramila's advocate Y S Bhate argued that the impotency charge was levelled by Shankar to regularize his second marriage, from which he has two children. But Shankar's advocate countered it by saying Pramila has relative impotency as the sexual relations between the couple were not satisfactory.The judges said under section 12 (1) (a) of the Hindu Marriage Act, impotency is a ground for nullity of marriage but not infertility and there is a marked difference between the two. \"In the absence of material on record showing the impotency, or to be more specific, frigidity of the wife, so as to render the consummation of the marriage impossible, it cannot be said that the provision of the section is attracted,\" Justice Joshi wrote for the bench.The family court in its \"crystal clear\" conclusion said that Pramila was impotent as she did not bear a child after 16 years of marriage, was unable to leave her job and join Shankar at his places of work to give him every satisfaction and she was unable to conceive even after taking medical treatment. But the bench stated, \"We must say that the family court had definitely committed an error in arriving at such a conclusion\u2014thus treating impotency and infertility at par, ignoring various (court) decisions on this aspect. The pleading and evidence at best would support the fact that the wife was incapable of giving birth to a child.\"The judges also noted that from September 4, 1981 to July 7, 1982 the couple resided together every weekend\u2014Saturdays and Sundays. They said this was substantive evidence that was presented before the family court and established the fact that there was consummation of marriage at least for some period and even two years prior to alleged separation. So, the case did not attract grounds of desertion.\"In our considered view, though for most of the period after marriage the spouses were staying at their respective places of service, they had definitely cohabited/consummated the marriage, though unfortunately the wife could not give birth to any child out of such cohabitation,\" they said.The judges said evidence suggests that the wife was given treatment for \"birth of child and not for the problem of relative impotency. Indisputably, even after the unsuccessful medical treatment given to the wife, the parties continued their relationship,\" the judges said.Infertility no ground for divorceImpotency is defined as physical incapacity of accomplishing the sexual act, while infertility means inability to conceive a child. In law, infertility is no ground for getting a divorce while impotency is ground for annulling the marriage. Section 12 (1) (a) of the Hindu Marriage Act provides for annulling the marriage on the ground that 'that the marriage has not been consummated owing to the impotence of the respondent (either husband or wife)'. Even judgments delivered so far speak of non-consummation of the marriage due to impotency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15115667", "title": "Health department to keep tab on records of TB patients", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The officials of the District Tuberculosis Control Unit (DTCU) are finding it difficult to get the photographs of fresh cases (patients) undergoing treatment across the district. DTCU has been asked by state NRHM ( National Rural Health Mission) authorities to take five specific photographs of patients i.e. when the patient is diagnosed with TB, when he or she giving his or her sputum, sputum examination, supervisor visit and health worker offering medicines to the patients.While DTCU officials claimed that it's a good initiative but they need digital cameras, adequate funds and additional human resources to get the work done. Currently, the DTCU officials are catering the need of over 20,000 patients registered with them.With over 2,000 fresh cases turning to be sputum positive every month, the District Tuberculosis Control Unit (DTCU) are running from pillar to post to get the patients detected through various means like magic shows, rallies, educational and awareness programmes.The initiative of taking five specific pictures is aimed to trace down on the patients so that they should go through all required medicinal test and treatments to cure the disease. But the big question arises, if the DTCU gets all equipment and funds from state NRHM authorities, then it would be relying on patients whether they are ready to get them photographed.In rural pockets where maximum patients are being detected suffering from TB or MDR (Multi-drug resistant) TB, they (patients with rural background) usually shy away from treatment and it would be a difficult task to get them photographed.District Tuberculosis Officer, Dr OP Shahi told TOI that they need adequate funds, digital cameras and sufficient human resources to capture each and every patient detection and treatment photographs. He added that he has already written to state NRHM officers in the same regard. However, the DTCU officials are relying on IEC - Information, Education and Communication (ICE) scheme to get the patients identified and treated them accordingly. In rural pockets, magic shows seem to be an important tool to detect fresh cases. The shows are attracting huge crowd and people are coming to get their sputum tested.Ironically, the increasing cases of TB has set the alarm bells ringing for the health department authorities who are busy in chalking out a fresh strategy to check it.Further, as Allahabad is all to get the latest Xpert device to check the fresh and resistant cases under the ongoing Revised National Tuberculosis Control Programme - RNCTP.Talking to TOI, Dr Shahi said: \"Sincere efforts are underway to check the increasing TB cases and officials are visiting villages/blocks and rural pockets in this regard.\" He added that magic shows were undoubtedly the best medium to attract rural folk appealing villagers to visit nearest DOT centre and get their sputum checked.Currently, the health department, under the Revised National Tuberculosis Programme (RNTCP), has set up TB detection units at different spots directing health officials to take care of patients and offer them full course of medicines.Surprisingly, most of the cases were detected in rural and city outskirts. Dr Sahi said: \"New patients are being placed under different categories and they have been offered coloured boxes (having medicines, advice and prescriptions regarding mentioning of dates and time for the consumption of medicines) with an objective to eradicate the disease at grass-root level.\"Under the fresh strategy, DTCU officials have paid more focus on areas where the concentration of patients are high.The officials are also planning to set up more Direct Observed Treatment (DOT) centres at identified pockets. Dr Sahi, however, added that TB treatment is categorized into three parts. He made it clear that it all depends on the type of category to which the patient belongs, the treatment may continue for six to eight months, he added.In the district, there are over 800 DOT centers are operational in city including 180 alone in city areas. Apart from DOT centers, microscopic centers were also set up to treat patients more effectively. An official pointed out that under the Directly Observed Treatment Short Course (DOTS) method, health workers offer medicines to patients on alternate days. Regular treatment under the programme can cure the disease within six or 12 months.People having symptoms like cough, fever, chest pain and blood vomiting should immediately visit the nearest DOTS centre for testing. Till date, over 40 sputum checking centres are operational across the district and treatment units (TU) have also been set up at Beli and Colvin hospital to take care of the patients.For the benefit of people, the health department has set up adequate DOTS centres in the district at primary health centres, community health centres and government/district hospitals with active ASHA DOTS providers are working round the clock to check TB cases in the region. Doctors have stressed that sputum examination is the only effective tool to detect TB cases.\"While rural folks hesitating in visiting DOT centre, magic shows would be surely the an attraction to convey the message,\" said a senior official adding, \"DTCU officials have also sought assistance from private practitioners/nursing homes by setting up DOT clinics at their respective medical units.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15117099", "title": "Suzanne Roshan seen in high spirits at Deepika's bash", "text": "Deepika Padukone has been on cloud nine ever since her performance in Cocktail has got encouraging reviews, both from her fans as well as critics. And to celebrate this career high, Dippy hosted a bash for the film's cast and crew and a few friends from the industry on Sunday night at a Bandra hot spot.The party began with the host walking in first, followed by Arjun Rampal and wife Mehr Jessia, Anu Dewan, Suzzane Roshan, Diana Penty , Homi Adjania with wife Anaita Adjania, Imitiaz Ali, Salim-Suleiman, Pritam and few others. However, her co-star Saif Ali Khan did not attend the bash as he reportedly is shooting for Race 2.A source present at the venue, told us, \"It was a fun evening with great music, cocktails and scrumptious delicacies being served to the guests. Dippy like a good host ensured that all her guests had a good time. Everyone enjoyed the party, especially Suzzane Roshan who was in obvious high spirit by the end of the night. So much so that she needed a little help to get out of the venue and locate her car. Yes, hubby Hrithik Roshan was away shooting and Suzanne let her hair down with her gal pals. Amongst Dippy's male co-stars, only Arjun Rampal attended the bash. Guess it was a conscious decision to avoid any speculations,\" added the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15114565", "title": "Asbestosis check-up for mine workers begins in Udaipur", "text": "JAIPUR: The final round of medical tests to detect asbestosis among mine workers has started at RNT medical college in Udaipur. The diagnosis is done by National Institute of Occupational Health (NIOH).Twenty three former mine workers, who came from the remote hamlets of Jhadol block in Udaipur district, underwent CT scan at the hospital. However, after the blood tests, only five CT scans could be performed due to paucity of time.\"The NIOH has delayed the process for five years. In 2007, 164 former mine workers were medically examined for asbestosis. Out of them, 93 were confirmed with the disease but NIOH failed to disclose their names,\" said Rana Sengupta, managing trustee of Mine Labour Peoples' Campaign,\"Even an RTI enquiry did not help and instead NIOH ordered a medical re-examination in January 2011, claiming loss of the earlier reports. Finally in June 2011, NIOH held the medical re-examination at an Udaipur hospital where due to its red tapism, only 88 were re-examined. However, till July 2012, the results of medical diagnosis were not revealed to those affected,\" he added.In the meantime, 22 of the former asbestos workers died waiting for the reports. In May 2012, even after 10 days of protest at the NIOH office in Ahmedabad by asbestos workers, the reports did not come.Later in July 2012, a delegation of the victims met Dr Katoch, director, Indian Council of Medical Research and sought reports of tests held in June 2011. Then NIOH swung into action and ordered further tests - 23 patients were referred for CT Scan, 47 for a third radiologist opinion and five for sputum and lung function tests.The NIOH medical camp will continue in Udaipur till the tests are completed. NIOH has agreed to hand over the individual examination reports within a month from the date of conclusion of the camp.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15118047", "title": "Pawan Kalyan to enter Bollywood", "text": "Looks like the much awaited power star Pawan Kalyan's Bollywood debut is finally happening. Apparently, producer Konda Krishnam Raju is producing a film in Bollywood starring Pawan Kalyan. The director and the heroine for this film are yet to be announced, but its being reported that the film would start in October in three languages - Telugu, Tamil and Hindi under Aditya Productions.Remember, the producer was suppose to produce the Jesus Christ film to be directed by Singeetham Srinivasa Rao in Telugu, Tamil and Malayalam. The film expounds the story of Jesus Christ from his birth, his death and resurrection. However, the project was shelved.Couple of years back, the entire unit including Pawan Kalyan held a video press conference from Jerusalem but since then the movie was put on ice. And its' interesting to see the same producer announcing another film with Pawan Kalyan. Remember, Konda Krishnam Raju also announced a project titled \"Rampa Chodavaram\" with Anushka, but the film never went to the floors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "15115578", "title": "Bokaro school website hacked", "text": "BOKARO: The official website of Chinmaya Vidyalaya, a prominent school in the city, has been hacked recently.This is the first of its kind of cyber crime reported to district police in which hackers hacked any website of an educational institution. Earlier a few cases related to receiving of threat emails or financial fraud were lodged. \"Police have immediately taken up the investigation in this regard,\" said Kuldeep Dwivedi, SP, Bokaro.Chinmaya Vidyalaya principal Ashok Singh said it was about a week ago he knew their official website - www.chinmayabokaro.co.in - has been hacked. \"After coming to school in the morning, I commonly use to log into our website to update information. But on that day, after loging in I found that apart from first page nothing is appearing. I called our technical expert who said that someone has hacked our website,\" he said.The principal said the website contained all important information related to assignments given to students, results, notices, programmes and others. It also contained information conveyed to students, parents, teachers and outsider applicants. \"But since it has been hacked, we have closed the activities. We have lodged complaint in the matter to Sector IV police station.\"Chinmaya Vidyalaya is known for producing a large numbers of students in IIT-JEE every year. Students from different districts of Jharkhand , Bihar and West Bengal study here . \"Their parents also visit out website frequently as it helps them remain updated about recent activities in the school,\" said Singh.Dwivedi said chief technology officer (special branch) Vineet Kumar and DSP (city) Anil Shanker were investigating into the matter. The hackers will soon be identified. Kumar said the website was hosted by a Ranchi-based company and they were collecting details from those involved in hosting and maintaining the website. \"We are trying to restore the website first because it can cause inconvenience to parents and the school administration as well,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15114281", "title": "Hookah issue: Mumbai lessons for Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: In a state where anti-tobacco laws are best implemented on paper, it isn't surprising that no one is willing to look out of the reams of legislations and circulars for solutions to the hookah menace.If the KMC wants to crack down on hookah bars, it can take a lesson from the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC). Likewise, Kolkata Police can learn from the police forces in Chandigarh, Pune, Bangalore and Jaipur, who have slapped stringent provisions of the Indian Penal Code on hookah bars instead of just relying on the Cigarettes and Other Tobacco Products Act (Copta).Mumbai, too, was accosted with the same problem Kolkata faces today. But the BMC chose to amend trade license laws (enacted in 1888) to incorporate provisions of Copta. On July 1, 2011, the trade license-holders were clearly informed they could not keep nor sell tobacco or related products in any form. Smoking areas in restaurants with a seating capacity of over 30 people had to made according to the provisions of Copta. In addition, no person below 18 was to be permitted in the smoking area. Hookah bar-owners challenged this order but the Bombay high court on July 27, 2011 not only upheld the amendments but said those should be extended to the rest of Maharastra. \"What this did technically is arm the BMC to act in case any violation was reported,\" a Mumbai civic official says.In KMC, the common refrain is that the corporation issues trade licenses to food joints and not hookah bars. \"If anyone sells hookah there and attracts penal provisions under Copta, it is for the police to act. How do we come into the picture?\" a KMC official says, echoing mayor Sovan Chatterjee. The corporation, however, continues to overlook the fact that it can amend trade license rules and add provisions of Copta.The police, too, can take the lead from other states that have dealt with the hookah bar menace and slapped stringent IPC charges on the accused. Section 188, which relates to disobedience to order duly promulgated by a public servant; Section 269, which deals with any negligent act likely to spread infection of disease dangerous to life; and Section 272 on adulteration of food or drink intended for sale have been used as effective tools in other states other than Copta. All these charges are cognisable criminal offences that can even lead to a six-month jail term. The Copta provisions only lead to a Rs 200 fine against erring establishments.The Cancer Foundation of India (CFI), which has been working with Kolkata Police extensively on the implementation of Copta, is handicapped as the police is yet to specify a nodal officer - or department - to coordinate response to complaints. CFI executive director Sutapa Biswas says a lot remains to be done. \"The law was meant to be a deterrent and the purpose will be served only if there is some action, however sporadic it may be. It is yet to happen in Bengal,\" Biswas says.K K Pati, the state health department's nodal officer for tobacco, admits the infrastructure - of the state task force on tobacco formed on April 17, 2009 - is yet to be upgraded. \"But it is also true that no formal complaint has been made to us to initiate action on our own,\" he says. What he doesn't say is that there is also an obvious lack of intent. The first meeting the task force was cancelled for low attendance. So far, it has only met thrice. Headed by the principal secretary, health, it has another 18 members and forms the nodal body to implement the provisions of Copta in Bengal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15114833", "title": "66-year-old ploughs back savings into education", "text": "MANGALORE: While there are enough instances of rich philanthropists donating part of their earnings for charity, it's rare for a government school teacher to donate his life's saving for public good.Ramakrishna Bhat, 66, a retired teacher, has donated his life's earnings, Rs 20 lakh, to an educational institution. He donated the money to Dharmachakra Trust, which manages Sri Bharathi Group of Institutions run by Sri Raghaveshwara Bharathi seer of Hosanagar Mutt.Bhat, who retired as the headmaster of Samethadka Higher Primary School, Puttur, in 1999 after completing 33 years in service as a teacher, said: \"The money has been given for the construction of pre-university building of Sri Bharathi PU College in Mangalore.\" A recipient of the best teacher award in 1976, he now stays at Sai Niketan Old Age Home near Vittla.\"I do not have anyone nor do I have a lifestyle which needs this kind of money. My needs are few and so I have saved much. Because I was a teacher I thought it's best to donate the money to an educational institution,'' he said. Bhat has also started a permanent fund of Rs 25,000 at Nettaru Higher Primary, Sullia, to enable the school award cash prizes to the winners of annual Sports Day. Bhat, who has recovered from neck cancer, said: \"I may have a few more years to live. I am going to live the rest of my life in peace knowing that my money will be put to good use.\"Sri Bharathi College Old Students Association president Ramachandra AG said: \"He is a disciple of the seer. According to his wishes the money will be used for school library, school building and for scholarships.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15115341", "title": "Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation chief proposes tourism plans", "text": "PUNE: Pimpri Chinchwad, an industrial hub, will also be projected as a tourist destination. The municipal corporation will draw up an integrated tourist centre development plan to attract visitors.It includes a deer park, a modern aquarium and water sports facilities, a regional science centre, parks, hill garden and a complete network of amusement and entertainment facilities for tourists.Municipal commissioner Shrikar Pardeshi said, \"Pimpri Chinchwad is not a historical city like Pune with its heritage structures, palaces, and other old buildings. So we need to concentrate on creating amusement and entertainment facilities to attract tourists and mobility to facilitate their movement. A tourist centre development plan will be ready in two months.\"He said they would identify sites reserved in the Development Plan (DP) for amusement. \"A site recommended for an amusement facility may not be the ideal one. So we will conduct a proper study of each site to find out its most suitable use,\" he added.The integrated tourist centre development plan will be implemented in the next three to four years. Pardeshi said that it will be implemented through civic funds and efforts will be made to get matching grants from the union and state governments\"We want to develop a deer park, modern aquarium and water sports facilities in the city. The regional science centre at Chinchwad is nearly complete. We want to develop a network of amusement and entertainment facilities for tourists,\" Pardeshi said.The civic body plans to have a deer park at Talawade. It has been unable to get the land from the state government for the past three years. Pardeshi said, \"We are trying to get the land. We want to develop a modern cost-effective aquarium,\" he said.A service like 'Pune Darshan' which takes tourists around Pune city has been a demand for 15 years in Pimpri Chinchwad. Pardesh said, \"We may think of such a service after we develop a network of the tourist places.\"Focus should not shift from city improvement, say activistsCivic activists are skeptical about the tourism plan as they say that the civic body should focus on providing basic amenities and improving the infrastructure. Social activist Maruti Bhapkar said, \"The civic body will have to first develop tourist centres to attract people. We do not have historical places or places of natural beauty like Mumbai and Pune. It will need time and crores of rupees, and may not be a success. It will be a waste of public money.\"Manav Kamble, president of Nagari Hakka Suraksha Samiti, said the civic body must concentrate on providing basic amenities. \" Being a tourist destination will not help citizens. The civic body should first work to complete the projects related to water supply, STPs, underground drainage and to reduce the pollution of rivers. The development of a tourist centre will only benefit people coming from outside.\"Baba Kamble, president of Kashtakari Kamgar Panchayat, said, \"It is a good idea, but we want hawkers, poor, women self-help groups and others to benefit. Employment must be generated for these sections through tourism development.\"Adding to greeneryThe civic body in the past 26 years has developed more than 100 gardens. The more famous ones are the Indira Gandhi garden at Durgadevi tekdi in Nigdi off Pune-Mumbai highway spread over 80 acres on a hillock; Bhakti Shakti garden at Bhakti Shakti chowk in Nigdi; Appu Ghar in Nigdi, Bhosari lake garden, Bird Valley Park in Chinchwad, Bahinabai Chaudhary zoo in Akurdi, Shahunagar garden, Savata Mali garden in Wakad.The civic body has developed water sports like boating at Bhosari lake garden; Bird Valley Park, Chinchwad and garden in Thergaon. It is developing a regional science centre in the quarry off Pune-Mumbai highway in Chinchwad to popularize science in the students as well as the other citizens. There are very few old structures in the city. One such old structure is the Moraya Gosavi temple in Chinchwadgaon on the banks of Pavana river and Chapekar wada where the freedom fighters Chapekar brothers lived in Chinchwadgaon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15113990", "title": "Old boys of St Stanislaus to revisit 150 years of history", "text": "It is, appropriately, in a room marked 'museum' that a group collects to take stock of the past. You'd suppose a museum was an odd installation in a school, but then St Stanislaus\u2014presumably the first English teaching school in the suburbs\u2014has always had a bent for the extraordinary. It is to revisit its long history\u2014150 years of it\u2014that the old Stanislaus boys get into a huddle, their ambitious plans for the imminent sesquicentennial fireworks attended mutely by geological samples of igneous rock and metallic minerals\u2014habitues of the museum.On July 31, the school on Hill Road, Bandra\u2014made famous for its award-winning sports stars, its malachite green beams that stand out in TV commercials, and ex-student Salman Khan\u2014will formally launch the year-long celebrations for its sesquicentennial year in 2013.Big plans are in the offing. The most notable is perhaps, the school is considering introducing the Cambridge-run International General Certificate of Secondary Education (IGCSE) system, which may ply parallel to the SSC curriculum. \"We want to add value to the present system,\" says Fr Jude Fernandes, principal.Apart from supplementing the curriculum, the school plans to add value and scope to its extra-curriculum programme. \"We plan to have panel discussions, presentations by industry experts, theatre workshops, an inter-school theatre festival, workshops by established sportspersons and training camps in collaboration with Manchester United Soccer School,\" recites Neil Murray, an ex-student and part of the planning committee. Many of these will be inter-school initiatives. Murray, one of the architects of Celebrate Bandra, envisages environment and heritage walks, camps on campus and a school retro day, where old school pastimes like top-spinning, kite-flying and marbles will be revisited. \"We also hope to have a national invitational hockey tournament if we manage to have our hockey ground laid over with Astroturf,\" he says.St Stanislaus is reputed for its sports programme, notably, its gold-standard hockey. \"Six of our students have gone on to play hockey at the Olympics, from Leo Pinto to Viren Rasquinha. And Francis 'Mickey' D'Mello, was the youngest at 17 to play for India in the 1971 World Cup,\" says Brian D'Mello, general secretary, SSESA.The school's brand-building drive will also put out a dedicatory stamp (of denomination Rs 5), and 150 commemorative gold coins to be auctioned to raise funds for the school, says Iqbal Sazal, tasked with these efforts. Last, St Stanislaus hopes to bring its version of a commemorative book out on a low-cost tablet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15114785", "title": "D V Sadananda Gowda to take up cross-voting issue with Nitin Gadkari today", "text": "MYSORE: Former chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda on Monday took exception to some BJP MLAs cross-voting during the presidential polls and said he will inform party president Nitin Gadkari on Tuesday.\"It is a serious issue and it concerns the stability of the government,\" Gowda told reporters.Referring to cross-voting during the polls to the Legislative Council from the Assembly, he said this has happened again as Congress candidate Mukherjee got more votes from the state.He said he is not aspiring for any post and his meeting with the party top brass has nothing to do with it.He refused to comment on former CM B S Yeddyurappa's remarks that drought management in the state has been neglected since a year. He, however, said the Central teams have appreciated the state government's efforts in handling the crisis when he was the CM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15114987", "title": "Centipede attack makes people forget caste, share food in Gujarat", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Disasters are known to unite people and the centipede attack in Lavad village is nothing short of a calamity for its folk. But there is a bright side to this unnerving situation: the village where crawlies struck, and where caste and gender discrimination were rampant, has today buried its differences and the people are united in the face of the hundred-legged adversity.Villagers who would not share water are now sharing rice, dal and ladoos prepared in a community kitchen, operational for the past three days. The sole primary school in Lavad has declared mid-term vacation and nearly half its 6,000 population has migrated due to insects invading kitchens, homes, schools and fields.People forced out of their homes were living in open areas until fear of animal attacks made them join hands and start a community kitchen. A decorator erected a make-shift kitchen and gave required utensils free to the villagers.\"Usually, men here are never seen in kitchens, or cleaning utensils, but today women are cooking while men are doing the dishes,\" said Fatehsinh Chauhan, a villager.Folk from areas like Rawal-vaas and Harijan-vaas - names suggesting segregation - have been having their meals with upper caste people in the community kitchen. And nobody seems to mind.\"Even paan shops have been forced to operate from a tractor. Many people prefer to sleep on tractors rather than on the ground,\" said Jagatsinh Chauhan, another villager.\"In this crisis, the entire village is united. It's becoming difficult to stay in the house and hence people are staying away from the village. Meanwhile, the villagers are trying to hold fort by sprinkling tobacco powder to keep the insects away,\" said Chandrasinh Solanki, another villager.Ushaben Chavan, the village sarpanch, said a team of government officials visited Lavad, but they too have not been able to solve the menace. \"They are asking us to sprinkle tobacco which we have been doing regularly,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15114303", "title": "Centre to appoint 150 persons in National Rural Health Mission", "text": "LUCKNOW: Taking cognizance of the TOI story highlighting the acute shortage of workforce in state programme management unit (SPMU) of National Rural Health Mission, the Union ministry of health has agreed to appoint 150 persons in SPMU to improve its functioning. \"Only 21 persons, including seven doctors and a couple of bureaucrats, are running the National Rural Health Mission in Uttar Pradesh. The number is shocking since UP gets the biggest share of funds allocated for the mega health programme,\" TOI had reported.Mission director, NRHM, Mukesh Meshram informed that the recruitments would begin soon. \"As many as 18 different cells would be established in the SPMU to ensure better working in the department,\" he told TOI. The cells include maternal health, child health, immunisation, urban health posts, AYUSH, human resources, legal services, IEC, procurement, construction, mobile medical units, emergency medical transport unit, Janani Suraksha Yojana, ASHA, quality control, planning, among others.\"Each of these units would be headed by a general manager, followed by a deputy who would work in consultation with the technical experts. The units would have computer operators for record keeping and management of work,\" added Meshram Compared to the meagre workforce in UP, states with a lower budget and population have a good number of people. Tamil Nadu , for instance, whose budget is 25% of UP's allocation has engaged more than 170 persons for NRHM. Similarly, Maharashtra, Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh and Bihar have hired more than 100 persons for the same.Lack of adequate manpower, as per the comptroller and auditor general, was one of the main reasons for the failure of NRHM's first stint in UP. It strongly recommended hiring of skilled people for better functioning of NRHM. \"Strengthen SPMU suitably in terms of skilled manpower and infrastructure to improve its working and enable it to discharge responsibility in matters of finance, accounts, civil works and procurement,\" CAG report had stated.Meshram informed that appointments would also be made at the district and block levels. \"A team of 10 persons including district project manager would control the affairs of NRHM at the district level, while the team at block level would comprise seven persons including community mobilisers,\" said Meshram.The shortage of manpower exists down the line. There were large gaps in the number of health personnel in position and the number required as per Indian Public Health Standards. The shortage of auxiliary nursing midwives (ANMs), doctors and specialists in the rural health facilities were 48%, 61% and 65% respectively. Against a requirement of 8,327 as per IPHS, only 4,606 staff nurses were available in the state. In the sub-centres, the shortage of ANMs and multipurpose health workers (males) were 11% and 76% respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15114390", "title": "CBI probe into NRG rape case sought", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The NRG woman who has accused Criminal Investigation Department (CID) sleuths of raping her in custody, has moved Gujarat high court demanding the registration of an FIR and seeking investigation by Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI).The woman came to be arrested two months ago in connection with a land scam after she arrived in the country. Five others were also nabbed along with her in this multi-crore scam. The case was being probed by the economic offences wing of CID, and therefore she was brought to Ahmedabad after arrest and kept at the office situated in Meghaninagar.She was remanded for five days and then sent to judicial custody. After being released on bail on November 11, the woman filed a complaint against CID officials for allegedly raping her during custodial interrogation.In her petition, the victim claimed that nearly 20 days have passed, but the police have not even registered an FIR. She has sought registration of an FIR against cops charging them under sections 376 and 120B - rape and criminal conspiracy.Alleging reluctance by Gujarat cops to probe the case, the woman has urged the HC to direct CBI to investigate the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "15115622", "title": "Ram Sena activists are already in Goa: Mutalik", "text": "PONDA: Refuting statements made by chief minister Manohar Parrikar that some people are inviting the Shri Ram Sena in Goa, sena chief Pramod Mutalik has claimed that the sena's activists are already in Goa and a demand from people in the state has compelled him to start a unit in Goa.Mutalik also dared Parrikar to stop him from launching a unit of the outfit in the state. Speaking exclusively to TOI on phone from Belgaum, Mutalik denied that he has any backing from MLAs or political leaders to start his sena's unit in Goa.\"Sena has units in Maharashtra, Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh and Tamil Nadu and a large number of youngsters from Goa are calling me to start a unit in the state. We are serious about launching the organization in Goa too,\" Mutalik told TOI.He said that until date, the Sena has neither a single member nor a unit in Goa. He wondered why the government was afraid of the sena? \"I am not a terrorist. Ours is a registered organization promoting patriotism. We are against terrorism and conversion and oppose drug and sex mafia, there is no reason why the Goa government should oppose us,\" Mutalik said.\"We have resolved to launch in Goa and will not take the law into our hands. Sena is all set to operate from Goa by September this year and the authorities need to allow us to work peacefully,\" Mutalik told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15115082", "title": "Frequent escapes cast police force in poor light", "text": "MUMBAI: Triple murder accused Vijay Palande's escape from police custody may have been the most high-profile case but there have been several other similar getaways that show cops in poor light.On June 18, an accused in a theft case, Rahul Singh, escaped from Nagpada police's custody at Mazgaon court. A little less than two months before, Abhay Saroj, also an accused in a theft case, fled police custody at Kherwadi junction on Western Express Highway while being ferried back to Arthur Road jail after a court hearing. On March 7, an accused in yet another theft case, Vijay Muluk, escaped from the custody of Vanrai police while they were taking him to a police lock-up in Borivli. In all three cases, the police managed to recapture the escapee. Nonetheless, no action was taken against the lax police escorts.Officers argued that such escapes usually happen because the escorting parties are taken off guard. Also, sometimes due to unavailability of police vehicles, accused men and women have to be taken to court or hospital in an autorickshaw or a private vehicle.\"It is always risky to travel in an auto with an accused. But when there is no other option, the police escorts are asked to remain extra careful,\" said a senior police officer.That, however, was not the case when Palande fled from crime branch's custody. Palande was arrested in connection with Arunkumar Tikku's murder from Satara. On April 10, he was being taken in a jeep by a team of cops to crime branch's unit-8 office at Andheri. Not far from the office, the jeep got caught in a traffic snarl. To clear the jam, a policeman sitting next to Palande got down. And seizing the opportunity, Palande walked out of the vehicle.Surprisingly, the senior most officer in the escort team, inspector Sanjay Shinde, who was seated on the other side of Palande and is related to him, did nothing to stop the murder accused. The police managed to recapture Palande after a four-hour struggle.Times ViewNo lessons learnt from Palande episodeThat cops have been able to locate the two escapees and re-arrest them does not take away from the embarrassment the episode has caused to the force. That it follows so close to the Palande episode shows lessons have not been learnt. The best-case scenario \u2014 that it was only police carelessness and not collusion with the criminals \u2014 is bad enough. There should be a probe into this shameful incident and serious action should be taken if the probe reveals any collusion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "kokrajhar", "code": "15114858", "title": "Army out in Kokrajhar as riot toll touches 19", "text": "KOKRAJHAR: With the recovery of five more bodies on Monday, the death toll in ethnic clashes in Kokrajhar and Chirang districts have increased to 19 since Friday. To control the spiralling violence, the army flag-marched in affected areas, while nine additional companies of para-military forces were deployed in Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC). The strength of security forces in the two districts has increased to 18 companies. BTC is governed under the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution, has four districts - Kokrajhar, Chirang, Baksa and Udalguri (all bordering Bhutan). At least three persons were injured in police firing when a mob tried to create violence.Train services through BTC were also affected when mobs blocked the railway tracks and pelted stones in protest against the killings. BTC inspector general of police, S N Singh told TOI that an indefinite curfew has been imposed in the twin districts to pre-empt further escalation of violence. Singh also said that shoot-at-sight order has also been issued. \"We have issued shoot-at-sight orders and curfew will continue until the next order. We have stepped up the deployment of security forces in sensitive areas,\" Singh said. He said of the 19 deaths, 15 were in Kokrajhar and four in Chirang district.Concerned over the violence, Union home minister P Chidambaram called up chief minister Tarun Gogoi, who briefed him about the latest developments and the steps taken by the state government to bring back normalcy in the troubled areas. Home ministry officials, including Union home secretary R K Singh, are in touch with state officials and offered all possible help to defuse the situation.Three cabinet ministers -- forest minister Rockybul Hussain, civil supplies minister Najrul Islam and transport minister Chandan Brahma -- have been camping in Kokrajhar to defuse the tension. The ministers had a meeting with the district administrations and various civil society organisations to help control the situation. \"We are doing our best to bring the situation under control. Security forces have been instructed to take prompt action against any miscreants. We appeal to the people not to heed to rumours,\" Hussain said.A mob ransacked the office of Bodoland Peoples' Front, damaged cars and government properties in Gauripur town and pelted stones at Gauripur. The student body later called off the bandh following appeals from the two cabinet ministers. The mob blocked the New Delhi-bound Rajdhani Express between Kokrajhar and Gossaigaon and pelted stones at it. The train was later allowed to pass following security reinforcement. Many trains were stopped at before reaching Kokrajhar .Over 50,000 people have been affected in the spate of violence in the two districts of BTC since Friday, when workers of Bodoland People's Front (BPF), the ruling coalition partner in Assam, were killed at Namapara village by miscreants. Tension, however, has been brewing since Thursday, after two persons were injured by gunmen in Duramari.On Monday, house in over 10 villages belonging to both Bodo and minority communities in Kokrajhar district were set ablaze. People rushed to 36-odd relief camps for safety. Many, especially from the religious community, have moved out of BTC areas, to avoid further trouble. Affected people, however, complained that they not confident about security as miscreants brunt down houses. They also alleged that relief materials were also not sufficient. A incident of firing at Duramari, about 30 km from Kokrajhar district on Monday has further spread the sense of insecurity among the villagers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15114373", "title": "Court inquiry ordered into Rais Khan's defamation complaint against Teesta", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Metropolitan magistrate T S Brahmbhatt ordered a court inquiry against social activist Teesta Setalvad in connection with the criminal defamation complaint filed by her former aide, Rais Khan on Monday.The court has directed the assistant commissioner of police of Zone V to hold an inquiry into allegations leveled by Khan and submit his report to the court within 60 days.Last week, the court recorded Khan's statement in connection with his application demanding prosecution of Setalvad under sections 499 and 500 of IPC.Khan, who fell out with Setalvad's NGO 'Citizens for Justice and Peace' ( CJP) in 2008, sought her prosecution for allegedly defaming him, publishing allegations in their magazine 'Communalism Combat' and posting certain statements on the organization's website. Khan also cited paragraphs from a special leave petition filed before the Supreme Court, where unsubstantiated claims were made against him.Khan has objected to Setalvad's statement claiming that he used to discredit witnesses who supported the prosecution in post-Godhra riots cases. He has also objected to her claims that his behaviour was deviant, and he harassed victim survivors.Khan has also taken strong exception to the statement that he got patronage of VHP and RSS strongmen, who were named in carnage cases. \"These utterances lower the reputation of the complainant and his family among members of their community. They are outcasts and facing social boycott from their community,\" the complaint reads.Besides, Khan has also objected to allegations of financial irregularities leveled against him. He submitted that Teesta charged him with corruption without seeking any explanation in this regard after the accounts were audited.Apart from objecting to Setalvad's \"utterances\", Khan has accused her of paying more money to witnesses than to riot victims. \"Payment to victims was not her priority whereas payment to the witnesses was. While a witness was paid anything between Rs 50,000 and Rs 1,00,000, a victim was paid only Rs 5,000,\" he claimed.Khan has also accused Setalvad and her NGO of making riot victims implicate persons that they had enmity with.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15115840", "title": "Teacher held for sexually abusing 7-year-old boy", "text": "CHENNAI: Police arrested a 57-year-old teacher at a private school in T Nagar on Monday and charged him with the sexual abuse of a seven-year-old student.Before police arrested H Ruben Ravi Kumar, parents who were told by their wards that the teacher had attempted to sexually assault them, rushed to CSI Gnanam Nursery and Primary School. They caught Ravi Kumar and thrashed him.Vijay, a Class 3 student, told his father that Ravi Kumar abused him sexually every day and sometimes made indecent gestures to him even during class hours.Police arrested Ravi Kumar based on a complaint from Vijay's father. Two other parents also accused Ravi Kumar of sexually harassing their children but they did not want to press charges.Police said Ravi Kumar, who stays in Choolai, had been working at the school for the past three years.\"I enrolled my son in the school two months ago,\" Vijay's mother Jayanthi told TOI. \"Though Ravi Kumar sexually abused him from the time he joined, he complained about it to me only last Friday. I took the matter to school officials but they refused to take any action against the teacher.\"\"When my son informed his uncle about what had been happening, he decided to take the matter to the police,\" she said.The boy's uncle, Kumar, said the school has classes from 1 to 4 and employs four teachers. \"The teacher handled three classes,\" he said. \"He seems to be extremely perverted. He made lewd comments to the children all the time.\"Mambalam inspector V Sampath said the teacher has been accused of making the student touch his private parts and regularly subjecting him to similar sexual acts. Vijay said the teacher made him sit on his lap every day and whispered vulgar things to him.Another parent, Usha, who went to Mambalam police station after learning that Ravi Kumar had been arrested, said the teacher had also sexually molested her son, Prakash, a Class 4 student.When TOI contacted the school headmistress, Indira, she said the allegations by students had not yet been proved.Police booked Ravi Kumar under Section 23 (cruelty to juveniles or children) of the Juvenile Justice Act and Section 377 read with 511 of the IPC (attempted carnal intercourse against the order of nature). He has been remanded in judicial custody.(Names of minors changed)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15115221", "title": "Showers lay bare civic body watered-down readiness", "text": "BHOPAL: A somewhat prolonged spell of showers on Sunday night led to waterlogging resulting in stranding of vehicular traffic in MP Nagar, Arera Colony, New Market on link road Nos. 1 and 2 for half an hour. This also brought home the inadequacy of the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) to handle the rain water run off from roads.\"We were returning from a late night movie. It was difficult for us to drive back from DB Mall to New Market due to water-logging and improper streetlights,\" said Smitha Mehta, a resident of Arera Colony.However, BMC is yet to figure out a solution to curb the problem of waterlogging at various junctions posing trouble for the commuters during monsoons.\"We do not have any immediate plan to get over the problem of waterlogging during monsoons this year. Apart from the corporation there are other departments as well which are involved in the construction of roads. They have failed to construct roads as per norms, which is creating this problem,\" BMC additional commissioner Pramod Shukla told TOI.Waterlogging is commonly experienced at Jyoti Talkies, Shivaji rotary on Link road No. 1, Board office square, Rang Mahal square in New Market, Gautam Nagar, Bharti Niketan and many other prominent places of Bhopal.\"The local governing bodies have not made proper preparations for monsoon,\" D K Sharma, a resident of Shivaji Nagar, said. \"Incomplete construction of roads, debris and no proper drainage system are major problems for commuters during monsoon, which the governing bodies, is showing a blind eye to,\" he added.\"There is no proper management in the corporation,\" said Amit Mathur, a resident of MP Nagar. \"There has to be a proper preparation before monsoons, but the civic body has not given it much thought, \"he added.\"The city lacks proper drainage system,\" said M N Buch, a retired IAS officer. \"The topography of Bhopal is hilly not plain. If the civic bodies cannot plan and implement a proper drainage system, there is no end to the problem,\" he added.\"The roads do not have any drainage to let the rain water flow. Due to the unevenness in the topography, waterlogging is experienced in low-lying areas. Building a proper drainage system is the only solution for the BMC,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15113760", "title": "Hawkers fear cop harassment", "text": "HYDERABAD: Hawkers who rule the roads in the Old City in the month of Ramzan are making efforts to raise a united voice against harassment at the hands of authorities.While hawkers are perceived by shop owners as a major menace since their unorganized and chaotic presence serves to keep away high-end buyers from shopping in Old City markets, the hawkers themselves fear increased harassment by cops who, they say, are ever keen on extracting their pound of flesh during the busy period.Rough estimates point to the existence of 2,000 hawkers from Charminar bus station to Madina circle, which could swell to 8,000 in the last two weeks of Ramzan. The increase is due to an influx of hawkers and sellers from other areas, who arrive as the shopping season peaks. Hawkers, who are forever at loggerheads with cops and GHMC officials, fear that efforts are on to evict them as their presence is known to have an effect on the business of the shops in the area.\"The kind of sale that we do in Ramzan is not possible during any other time of the year. It is indeed a blessing. The sale of bangles, clothes, dates, fruits, artificial jewellery and trinkets is at an all time high. Many hawkers borrow money to procure as much as twice the amount of goods they normally sell,\" said Mohammed Illyas, a cloth vendor who operates from the arches of Pathargatti building. Pointing to the line of stores decked up for the festival, he said that traders are wary of them as the public is lured by the less expensive goods sold by the hawkers. But he thoughtfully added that as both the traders and hawkers are selling for a livelihood, they should be amicably accommodated. Illyas is not aware that guidelines have been framed by the government of India to accommodate hawkers in vending zones.Though the National Policy on Urban Street Vendors was framed in 2009 by the Union ministry of housing and urban poverty alleviation, its directives are yet to be implemented in the state.In a bid to stand up to injustice, the hawkers have formed committees. But only about 620 hawkers and vendors out of the estimated 2,000 from Charminar area could be brought under the aegis of committees or unions.According to Inayat Ali Baquery, AP state secretary, National Hawker's Federation, hawkers are forced to bribe police officials to allow them to operate their business in a particular area. \"Goods are often seized without panchnama or any other kind of proceedings. If the government were to follow the policy laid down by the central government, then hawkers could be better organized,\" he said.The National Hawker Federation has sent a letter to commissioner of police requesting relaxation of rules in Ramzan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15113782", "title": "Pramila Ghante\u2019s next battle: Fight bigamy case", "text": "MUMBAI: Finally, after 18 long years, 63-year-old Pramila Ghante feels vindicated. As the Bombay high court ruled in her favour on Monday quashing the Pune family court's order granting divorce to her husband, suppressing her tears, Pramila told TOI, \"This court has given me justice at last. I never wanted my marriage to end. I tried my best to save it. I did not want the tag of divorcee.\"But for Pramila, a retired Pune Municipal Corporation teacher, the battle is only half won. She has filed a complaint under section 494 (bigamy) of the Indian Penal Code in 1993 after Shankar filed for divorce in August 1992. The judicial magistrate first class in Pune on January 3, 2009 stayed the bigamy proceedings due to pendency of Pramila's appeal against the family court order before the Bombay high court.\"Now, the stay will be automatically lifted,\" her advocate Ravi Raje told TOI from Pune. Y S Bhate, who fought her case in the high court said, \"Today's ruling will definitely have a bearing on the bigamy case.\"A post-graduate and also holding a BEd degree, Pramila is the youngest of six sisters\u2014all teachers\u2014and two brothers. Her siblings rallied around her during this time. \"I hope it will inspire other women. It was not easy for a single woman to live in society and fight this dirty allegation,\" said her 75-year-old sister Sunita Saswadkar.Pramila said her parents were shocked and died one after another in 1989. She said several attempts were made to persuade Shankar but in vain. Sunita aleged that Shankar's relatives did not like the idea of an educated, working woman as a wife.Pramila rues the fact that precious years of her life were wasted with the appeal pending before high court. She also said that there was a delay in getting Shankar's residential proof to issue summons to him. His residential address provided to her in reply to her application under Right to Information turned out to be wrong. The high court allowed Pramila to publish a notice in local newspapers in Pune and Kolhapur and also issued a warrant to secure his presence before it.She said even otherwise the state excise department, where Shankar was employed, did not help her. \"I went and met senior officers and complained to them of his second marriage but they said they have no right to interfere,\" said Pramila.Her brother Balasaheb Suryavanshi, a retired state government employee, said the excise department could have ordered an inquiry into charges of bigamy and handed the case to the police. \"They allowed him to continue in service till his retirement,\" said Suryavanshi.Kolhapur-based Shankar did not attend the hearing and was not reachable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15114422", "title": "The poet lives here, now and aeons ago", "text": "Kabir Sange Dekha. The evening was almost as casual as the caption but the event at Bangla Academy was quite special. It had three ladies - in their 60s, 50s, 40s - reading from their poems, some published, some in notebooks. \"When a body of poems are read out by the poet, we get a picture of the world within them,\" as the event's architect, Joy Goswami said.Violin and cell played by as Debarati Mitra, Chandrani Bandopadhyay and Anjana Chakrabarti amazed anchor Bijoya Mukherjee with their distinguished style of using vocabulary, and their subject. Classical, colloquial or unadorned, \"the language itself has evolved so much that it's impossible to say in any definitive manner, 'this is poetry' or 'this isn't,\" said Bijoya who described the event as 'a bridge between the poet and the reader.' A batchmate of Nabanita Dev Sen, Bijoya herself is a true blue poet who returns empty-handed from the market \"lest the single line of poetry that has chanced amid the potatoes and onions decides to go away!\"Anjana, a teacher by profession, has been published by Desh, Krittibas, Kabita Paksha, Kabikalpa, Coffee House... It's eight years since her first anthology, Baghinir Chhele Dekha. Live Together, Wills Made For Each Other Contest, Trekking, Suicide Squad, Relief Campey -- yes, these are her titles but the poems are unequivocally Bengali.They dwell in Kolkata, its matchbox houses and shadow casting citylights. What use the superficial harmony in the lives of its inmates? - they obliquely ask. Why toast women's rise if eventually it is only to buy the pleasure of husbands? - they can be blunt too.Here's Anjana's Paap (Sin). \"We're jetting across Hell/ Bubbling beneath us is an ocean of fire/ foaming/ giant waves/ We have no parachutes nor life jackets. The two of us/ Holding on to each other in a liplock/ Have jumped off that height/ Towards that bottom.\"Shakuntala, Behula, Kaikeyi people the world of Chandrani who commutes from her home in Kalyani. When she puts their classical dilemmas under her searchlight, what becomes crystal clear are the dilemmas of our contemporary lives. The creator loses her age, the reader her count of ticking time.Two decades and more since she published Chitrashala, Chandrani has carved out her space with Samajik Bane Du Ek Minute, Bhashan Mangal, Punarjama Prarthanay, Bankura Series. Even when she talks of palash blossoming in Bankura or mandar in Nadia, \"the birthmark of being a woman\" does not desert her.She's at peace with the pain, \"like the mother who delights in the toothless bite of her suckling babe.\"Debarati describes her poems as \"an insignificant woman's misguided attempt to hold in the folds of her palms the restless times...\"We, however, easily find our own experiences reflected in them when her voice flows \"towards a whirlpool that draws into its fold time-world-life..\" Andha Schooler Ghanta, Amar Putul, Jubaker Snan, Bhutera O Khuki, Tunnur Computer, Khopa Bhore Achhe Tarar Dhuloy, Ra: if you don't have time for all of them, the harvest of half a century can be yours - just go through her Shrestha Kabita.We identify with her social realism when she says, \"In the giant sized Bankura horses, I look in vain/ For the smell off the rags donned by men and women there/ The colour of rice/ The shiuli that has falled off the stem...\" Her awning philosophy resonates through us when she says: \"The sky too/ Keeps ninety nine and half percent blue for itself/ Casting away the gap / towards the ocean...\" And she stumps us when she crisply rounds off: \"Mrityu bhabe, etao jeeban/ Says Death, this too is life!\"And what's our take home from the evening? A poet may be a woman when she sits down to pen her realisations. But, by the time she caps it again, the poem is a creation that has no gender - male or female.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15112611", "title": "Asiad silver medallist Santhi Soundarajan labours at brick kiln", "text": "BANGALORE: Irony doesn't get any more cruel than this. Santhi Soundarajan won a silver medal in the 800m at the Doha Asian Games in 2006, then lost it after she failed a gender test. Today, she works as a daily-wager in a brick kiln, slogging eight hours under a scorching sun to earn Rs 200 every day \u2014 the wage paid to women labourers.Contrast this with Caster Semenya of South Africa, also a middle-distance runner, who lost the gold she won in Berlin World Championship 2009 after she failed a similar gender test. The 21-year-old Semenya will be her country's flag-bearer at the London Olympics. Her outraged nation rallied around her. South Africa fought to safeguard Semenya's dignity and position in world sports. The result: last year, the International Association of Athletics Federations revoked the ban on her.Unfortunately for Santhi, no such help was forthcoming for her from her own countrymen. Banned by the Athletics Federation of India from participating at any level, the then 25-year-old's name and feats were struck off the records. She was simply abandoned as she reeled under fate's bitter blow.Her hands, once raised in triumph, now wield a shovel or knead a crude mixture of powdered jelly stone, clay and water to be shaped into bricks. \"My hands ache and burn all the time. The skin has peeled off, there are boils all over,\" Santhi told TOI on Monday.Following the ignominy of a gender test, the manner in which Santhi's name and achievements were erased from the athletics records, Santhi lost all hope to the point of attempting suicide. \"I've been on this job three months now. In the initial days, I could do nothing with my hands after work. I could neither eat nor use my fingers to grasp any object. They would be tender and swollen. The situation is no better now,\" says the athlete from Kathakuruchi, Pudhukkottai in Tamil Nadu.Her parents, Soundararajan and Manimegalai, too work at the brick unit run by her uncle for a collective daily pay of Rs 500. They have a family of six.Santhi was unemployed since 2010 when she resigned from the job of a coach at a paltry salary of Rs 5,000. A modestly successful coach, athletes she trained won medals at national meets and at the Chennai marathon. But the Tamil Nadu government's refusal to confirm her employment -- she was on contract - made Santhi realise she had to look elsewhere for a job.She cannot pursue the NIS diploma course that could guarantee her a better position as coach. The graduate has no records as athlete to speak of, all of them snatched from her after the Doha episode. Also, she cannot confidently answer the question of gender that figures prominently in the NIS prospectus. She fears the ridicule it would entail. Over the last three months, Santhi had also approached the district administration for a job.\"I met the district collector and told him that I was even ready to work as a peon. He wasn't bothered. He said since I wasn't registered with the employment bureau, I didn't stand a chance. I told him about my feats as an athlete. I pleaded with him to consider my family's plight and give me a job on compassionate grounds. My plea fell on deaf ears,\" Santhi said.Not that Santhi didn't attempt to fight to understand why she had been banned. \"Though I had lost all interest in life, I tried to meet Kalaignar (M Karunanidhi, who was CM then) and Amma (Jayalalitha, the present CM) and explain my plight to them. But I wasn't granted permission,\" Santhi said.The prize amount of Rs 15 lakh that she received from 'Kalaignar' was used to fund her siblings' education and for her sister's marriage. \"My brother is still studying.\" Two of her sisters are employed. \"But the situation is such that I have to earn to make ends meet,\" says the woman who, fights off bouts of depression only because she can't see her family in distress. \"Sometimes I think of committing suicide. Or go away where I cannot be traced. What wrong have I done? Why am I being punished for something I have no control over?\" she says.Despite everything, Santhi still nurtures the ambition of representing her country in athletics again.With the International Olympic Committee mandating that a more civil method of testing a female athlete's hyper-androgenism (excessive production of testosterone), she feels she stands a good chance to make a comeback. But before all that, Santhi wants a job.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15114720", "title": "Bruhat Bengaluru Mahanagara Palike told to file report in 45 days", "text": "BANGALORE: The high court on Monday directed BBMP's Technical Vigilance Cell under Commissioner (TVCC) to submit a report within 45 days on the multi-crore civil works scam.The division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen also deferred the hearing of a batch of PILs, including the one filed by a couple of former mayors, alleging large scale duplication of works and illegal payments, by two months.During the hearing, the BBMP counsel informed the court that the state government issued a notification on June 1, 2012 for referring all the other cases spread over 25 BBMP engineering divisions for scrutiny by the TVCC. They said three chief engineers have been added to strengthen the cell and look into the 27,010 work done in the past five years.Petitioners' counsels complained that CID is doing the investigation ordered into three engineering divisions - Malleswaram, Rajarajeshwari Nagar and Gandhinagar but is not progressing.They cited the case of these three divisions where various illegalities have been detected by TVCC to the tune of Rs 1,539 crore. They sought a probe by an independent agency like CBI, claiming that the illegalities put 2G controversy to shame.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15113308", "title": "Uddhav Thackeray home amid concerns over Bal Thackeray\u2019s health", "text": "MUMBAI: Shiv Sena CEO Uddhav Thackeray was discharged from Lilavati Hospital on Monday afternoon, but there were concerns in Matoshree about his father, party chief Bal Thackeray's health, who sources said may have to be hospitalized on Tuesday.The senior Thackeray, 85, developed health problems on Monday evening following acute constipation. He was advised to undergo high-tech diagnostic tests, said sources from the family's home in Bandra (East). But the Sena patriarch was reluctant to leave home as his 52-year-old son had just returned after an angioplasty and four days of hospitalisation, sources said, adding Bal Thackeray's ailment has come as a shock to the family which is yet to come to terms with Uddhav's coronary ailment.The family's personal physician, Dr Jalil Parker, however, maintained that Bal Thackeray didn't need hospitalisation. \"I met him and Uddhav on Monday,\" he said. \"Uddhav is fine and has no complaints. He will undergo regular checks that are needed after an angioplasty,'' he told TOI. Uddhav underwent an angioplasty at Lilavati Hospital on Friday, requiring eight stents to clear blockages from three arteries.The Thackeray family's hospital visits began a fortnight back when Uddhav first went for a stress test. He thereafter underwent a coronary angiography, a diagnostic test to find out the extent of blockages in the heart's blood vessels, on July 16.Doctors at Lilavati Hospital in Bandra Reclamation then recommended a cardiac bypass surgery, but Uddhav preferred to undergo an angioplasty, which is a minimally invasive procedure to remove blockages in the heart. He was treated by cardiologist Dr Samuel Matthew Kalarickal, who had operated on his father three years back.The senior Thackeray's health problems include ischemic heart disease as well as chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). COPD is one of the most common lung diseases, which makes it difficult for the patient to breathe.Bal Thackeray had been admitted to hospital in May this year after he complained of discomfort, but was then kept under observation and discharged two days later after a series of tests and scans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15114797", "title": "Activists fear scanty rains will effect ecological balance of Coimbatore's wetlands", "text": "COIMBATORE: Green activists are apprehensive that the scanty rains may erode the delicate ecological balance of the city's wetlands. While wetlands are naturally designed to survive scanty rainfall during the summer months, they can't withstand intensive agriculture and introduction of new fish species.\"Ploughing on the dry ground of the wetlands and regular farming in the area during the months of scanty rainfall is bound to affect them. Wetlands in Coimbatore are under severe pressure and need urgent protection irrespective of how much the rainfall is. Since the monsoon is deficit this year, the seriousness of the impact is high,\" said Dr PA Azeez, director, Salim Ali Centre for Ornithology and Natural History.He warned that when rainfall is scanty dumping of domestic water and municipal effluents might increase. \"Most of the wetlands are fed by the Noyyal and smaller streams. Noyyal, once a perennial river, has now become a monsoonal river. Water flows in the river only seasonally and if no agriculture and pesticides are dumped in wetlands, this is a natural breathe-in breathe-out process for the wetlands,\" said K Mohan Raj, coordinator, Tamil Nadu Green Movement, an NGO.However, Azeez said the wetlands will disappear if it becomes a permanent ground for dumping. \"The scanty monsoon adds to the problem. If there is no dumping this is all part of a natural cycle,\" he added.Some activists feel that the widespread cutting of trees in Coimbatore in recent years has led to deficit rains. \"Though the monsoon is a global phenomenon, the presence of trees is a factor in deciding the local climate and the reduction of humidity. At least 6,000 trees have been cut in Coimbatore since the World Classical Tamil conference and they need to be urgently replaced. Only because of the wetlands do migratory birds come to Coimbatore,\" said NI Jalaluddin, president, The Nature Conservation Society.Mohan adds a note of caution. \"There is no need to be alarmed. Coimbatore is in the rain shadow region. It doesn't get much rainfall during the South West monsoon. The wetlands can survive a lean period provided we leave them alone,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15115262", "title": "Rains expose preparedness of IMC", "text": "INDORE: The tall claims of Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) and its pre-monsoon maintenance works was exposed in just two days of continuous rains that lashed the city. The IMC control room was flooded with phones calls about waterlogging and felling of trees by the residents.The woes of the residents were compounded by the ongoing construction works and incomplete drainage and sewer lines. Patch work in LIG Gurudwara has started on the day of rains adding to the discomfort of the commuters.Similarly, the on going BRTS work at Geeta Bhavan crossing is turning to be a nightmare for the commuters. Work of laying pipeline is underway at this crossing and leveling and patch work has not been done with the result that the pits are full of water and a threat to pedestrians and motorists.Pankaj Verma, a college student said, that the patch-work done in front of Gurudwara the other day had been washed away. \"The quality of work can be judged by the fact that it could not withstand even a day long rainfall. Now, this rod has turned out to be risky for drivers,\" said Pankaj, who is a daily commuter on this road. Sheetal Jain, Shweta Meshram and Amit Kumar also narrated a similar tale. \"Till yesterday the road was fine and today morning it was missing,\" they said.The control room received several calls about waterlogging at Industry House crossing and SBI at YN Road. Dug up road at these two spots are filled with water and incidents of people falling into it have been reported. Vinay Saxena, an IT professional said that he was passing through YN road when his bike fell into a pit. \"Road was waterlogged and I could not make out the pit,\" he said adding that luckily he escape unhurt. At least barricades should be placed to caution the motorists in such areas, he said.Similarly, Sunil Sharma, a bank employee said he got drenched at the Y N Road and had to go back and change before going to office. Driving on road has become difficult, he added.Road dug up for construction of a slope at MR-9 Crossing for connecting with BRTS corridor has turned into a small pond and it has become impossible to cross this junction.An IMC official said that the main reason for waterlogging is chocked drainage and absence of storm water line. \"We had distilled the nullahs and cleaned up drainages before monsoon. We have formed an emergency team to act on complaints of waterlogging.\"The drainage system of the city was built in 1936 and more than 50% of the city does not have a drainage system. There is no storm water line in the city, except on the roads which have been constructed in the recent years. Technically most of the colonies do not have storm water line. All these lead to waterlogging during continuous rains.Pradeep Sharma, resident of South Tukoganj said that he has seen waterlogging in his area for last five years and the civic body has not been able to find a solution this problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15114716", "title": "2 bikers, pedestrian run over", "text": "BANGALORE: Three persons were killed in traffic accidents since Sunday night.A Cafe Coffee Day employee died after a speeding maxicab hit his motorcycle. Ranjith 26, a native of Shimoga, was an employee at the KR Road CCD outlet. Around 11.30pm Sunday, he finished work and headed to Hebbal to pick up his cousin Rohit working at the Hebbal outlet.They left for their house in Nagasandra near Peenya. A maxicab hit their motorcycle at the Hesaraghatta Cross. Both youths were injured and were rushed to Sanjeevini Hospital where Ranjith succumbed to injuries.In the second accident, a security guard crossing the road to go to a hotel was run over by an unidentified vehicle on Monday morning. Sannappa, 60, who worked at a shop in Nagarathnapura on Hosur Road, finished his night duty and was going for a cup of tea in a hotel around 5.30am. He was hit by a vehicle. Passersby rushed him to Nimhans where he died.Less than a couple of hours later, an operator in a private factory in Peenya was run over by a BMTC bus on Magadi Road. Arun Kumar was on his way to meet a relative in Victoria Hospital after finishing work around 7.10am. At 2nd Cross, Magadi Road, his motorcycle brushed against a BMTC bus and he fell to the road. He came under the rear wheel of the bus and died on the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15114339", "title": "Sahgal was a candidate with integrity &amp; history: D Raja", "text": "LUCKNOW: It was on June 11, 2002, when the 12th presidential elections were notified by the Election Commission of India. The voting took place on July 15, 2002, while on July 18, APJ Abdul Kalam was declared as the 11th President of India. In the election, Kalam, who was the choice of the ruling National Democratic Alliance and supported by a large number of opposition parties secured 9,22,884 votes in comparison to Left-supported Captain Lakshmi Sahgal, who got 1,07,366 votes.Though Sahgal lost the elections by a margin of 8,15,518 votes, yet she never regretted the loss and took it in her stride and continued to work for the Left movement in the state.Recalling his fond association, with the former member of the Azad Hind Fauj, senior Communist Party of India leader D Raja said, \"Chennai is our native place, and Tamil had been a bond between us for the past many years. As a student, Laskhmi used to read a lot of books. She has been working for the poor and is an inspiration for the youngsters of the country.\"When asked what prompted the Left parties to put up her as a presidential candidate, the senior CPI leader said, \"In the 2002 presidential elections, APJ Abdul Kalam was supported by the ruling NDA and a major section of the opposition. Only four Left parties (Communist Party of India-Marxist, Communist Party of India, Revolutionary Socialist Party and All India Forward Bloc ) supported Captain Lakshmi Sahgal. The reason to support her was that she was a candidate with integrity and history, and an apt opponent for Kalam.\"On the poll outcome, Raja said, \"We (Left parties) knew the outcome of poll, since a major section of the opposition had already supported NDA-backed Kalam. But, Sahgal contested the presidential polls, and she never regretted the defeat.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15113861", "title": "Why are Goans not given a chance to help in the state's growth?", "text": "Being a Goan and having an internationally spread out business, I have on more than one occasion addressed the chief minister and the tourism department of Goa with regard to factors that affect or can affect the growth of the state. It was indeed very surprising to read that chief minister Parrikar is requesting industrialists from Mumbai to invest in the aviation sector in Goa, although there are a number of well renowned individuals associated with aviation who are Goans.I myself own a flight support company called Aviation Services Management established in 2005 and having offices in Sharjah, Dubai, UK, Mumbai and Goa and have been utterly forthcoming in presenting revenue generating solutions towards the tourism sector in Goa. I have raised issues pertaining to parking of private jets and air ambulances, development of the Kala Academy jetty for amphibious aircrafts, helicopter tourism which includes development of helicopter tourism and maintaining helipads in Goa. It is very disheartening that none of our letters have been replied to or been considered. Having the infrastructure to manage such areas we offered our services and have asked for due consideration but that has been overlooked. I had even brought out a suggestion of allotting land to come up with an aviation academy that will help the youth of Goa to study and be trained in this industry but the appeal has not be heard. Why do we need any industrialist from outside the state to invest here when we have an array of Goans that would not only be interested but even forthcoming in offering their services to the industry in Goa.This does raise a very important question, why are Goans not given due chance and credit to help in the growth of the state, even when they are interested in it? It was not in the best of the state that the chief minister held a press conference in Mumbai inviting industrialists to Goa, the same could have been done in the state itself thereby inviting Goans who either have businesses outside India or the state to look into opportunities and have talks with the government on factors/procedures that would help the aviation industry in Goa.There is also the Mopa airport issue that I would like to point out to. What are the benefits of having an airport so far away from the city when we have a perfectly functioning airport in Dabolim? There are documents that prove that Dabolim airport land belongs to Goans then why can't we just develop Dabolim airport by occupying the remaining land that is being used by the Navy, to meet international standards? The airport does fulfil criteria to accommodate landing of big aircrafts. I feel there has to be a proper referendum on the Mopa issue as it is the tax payer's money that will be pumped into the project.It is my request to the Goa government to give us a chance to support the growth of tourism and the aviation industry and to address the issues raised.Vito Gomes", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "15117592", "title": "BSF jawan caught for molestation attempt in moving train", "text": "THRISSUR: The Railway police arrested a 42-year-old Border Security Force jawan for allegedly misbehaving with a woman aboard the Chennai bound Thiruvananthapuram-Chennai Super-Fast Mail Express (train number: 12624) last night.According to sources from the railway police, the BSF jawan who has been identified as Kareepuzha native KP Sathyan of Alapuzha in Kerala tried to molest the woman hailing from Pathanathitta district in Kerala around 9 pm, when the train was minutes away from the Palakkad Junction.\"Both the accused and the victim were travelling in the third a/c (B1) compartment of the Super-Fast Mail Express. The accused allegedly attempted to molest the woman travelling alone to Chennai. She resisted and immediately complained to the police officials on board who arrested the accused,\" said the source.An interrogation into the incident has already started and the jawan would be presented before the court before today noon.This is the fifth such incident, where woman passenger is attacked aboard in Kerala in a week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15114495", "title": "Govt refuses to amend Official Secrets Act", "text": "NEW DELHI: Indicating its continued reluctance to share information the government has refused to make public steps taken to amend the Official Secrets Act (OSA) saying Cabinet papers cannot be disclosed before final decision is taken.The home ministry's refused to divulge the steps in response to an RTI query by activist Venkatesh Nayak from Commonwealth Human Rights Initiative seeking inspection of files and other documents related to amendment process undertaken by the Officials Secrets Act.\"Information related to amendment of the said Act, as requested by you, cannot be provided under section 8(1)(i) of the RTI Act,\" the ministry said.Section 8(1)(i) of the Act exempts the disclosure of Cabinet papers, including records of deliberations of the Council of Ministers, Secretaries and other officers provided that the decisions of Council of Ministers, the reasons thereof, and the material on the basis of which the decisions were taken shall be made public after the decision has been taken, and the matter is complete, or over.\"The government does not believe it is necessary to consult with people on the amendment of what is essentially an anti-espionage law which also criminalizes unauthorized disclosure and possession of official information,\" Nayak said.He said it appears that the OSA is being amended in an atmosphere of great secrecy and citizens outside government do not require to be consulted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15113765", "title": "Offices tweak timings for Rozedars", "text": "HYDERABAD: It isn't just the Old City which comes alive during Ramzan. Offices in the technology township of HiTec City too bustle with activity during the holy month with several employers making changes in work schedules to suit their fasting employees. Shift timings are tweaked and Iftars held in office cafeterias while haleem and fruit counters draw a good crowd, selling nearly 300 plates a day.In many offices, meeting rooms and parking lots double up as prayers rooms where mats are spread out on the floor for the devout to offer namaz. Cardboard boxes with skull caps for men and shawls for women are kept. Tables in cafeterias are joined to provide seating space for the hundreds of those fasting. Techies say that breaking the fast in congregation and sharing with one another the gastronomic delights of Ramzan builds camaraderie.Techies say that the management gives them a leeway from an otherwise rigid time table. Fatima Nasreen (name changed), an assistant manager with a banking corporation says, \"The management gives an unofficial 15 minutes of extra break. Also, arrangements are made for prayers. People even offer Taraweeh (special night prayers). They use half an hour of their break for breaking their fast and the other half an hour for prayers.\" While some companies give allowances to their employees, others have changed shift timings of Rozedars. Tafazul Ali Khan from Ivy Comptech says, \"Following our request, the company has allotted the eight Muslim employees the 6 am to 3 pm shift.\"An HSBC employee says, \"Around 150 people from all walks of life get together at Iftar every evening. Sitting together and sharing food brings about a feeling of brotherhood and a sense of belonging. We invite people from other faiths to join us too.\" For others, the Iftar table provides an opportunity of networking and building contacts. Asif Khan (name changed), an analyst with Deloitte says, \"From the fresher to even the vice-president, we interact with everybody. It is a time to get to know one another well.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15115200", "title": "Parents cry hoarse over Campion, Bairagarh affiliation", "text": "BHOPAL: Parents were in for a surprise to learn that Campion School, Bairagarh, is not affiliated to the CBSE board. And the shocker was handed at the joint meeting of parents, school education officials and the school administration, convened on Monday in the wake of complaints of fee hike.Harvinder Singh, whose child is a student in the school, said, \"During the meeting, we were told that the school is not affiliated to the CBSE board. The school has a regular permission from the MP Board for its functioning.\" Harvinder and other parents of students had approached the collector on Monday who then directed the district education officer (DEO) to send a team at the school. The team comprised additional director R S Sharma, principal, Government School, Chunabhatti and R D Shukla.\"The school diary mentions that the school is affiliated to the CBSE, New Delhi. The affiliation is only for Shahpura school. The affiliation has to be taken for the Bairagarh branch as well. The school authorities have kept us in the dark. Now, if we want to change the school of child, the transfer certificate would be from the MP board,\" said Singh. \"Though the school is following the CBSE curriculum, it is a case of fraud. We may even move the court on the matter,\" Singh added.Fr Alex, principal of the school said, \"Yes the school is not affiliated to the CBSE, but I do not know how parents do not know about this. Many of them do know. The school is running CBSE pattern syllabus in the classes.\" He was tight-lipped about the school diary though.Incidentally, according to school department sources, the matter has been under scanner for the last eight months. During the inspection, the authorities also found there was neither a library nor a playground. R S Sharma said, \"The school lacks in many things. Some documents have been received from them. Others are still to come. A decision will be taken after their submission and the subsequent inspection. Parents, including Harvinder Singh, have complained to the collector and the DEO that compared to last year, additional Rs 4,000 per year is being charged for smart classes and Rs 2,500 as the maintenance fee. There has been an overall hike of more than 50%.About 350 parents of school students reportedly would hold a meeting at the Gufa Mandir on July 25 to discuss the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15117074", "title": "Al-Qaida is on the road to defeat: Obama", "text": "WASHINGTON: Asserting that al-Qaida is on the road to defeat, US President Barack Obama has reminded Americans that before his election in 2008 he had pledged to kill Osama bin Laden and he achieved that.\"I pledged to make it a priority to take out the terrorists who had attacked us on 9/11. And as a candidate, I said that if we had Osama bin Laden in our sights, we would act to keep America safe -- even if it meant going into Pakistan.\"Some of you remember, at the time, that comment drew quite a bit of criticism,\" Obama said in a foreign policy speech in Reno Navada.\"Since I took office, we've worked with our allies and our partners to take out more top al-Qaida leaders than any time since 9/11.\"And thanks to the courage and the skill of our forces, Osama bin Laden will never threaten America again, and al-Qaida is on the road to defeat,\" Obama said in his address to the 113th National Convention of the Veterans of Foreign Wars.\"I pledged to finish the job in Afghanistan. After years of drift, we had to break the momentum of the Taliban, and build up the capacity and the capability of Afghans.\"And so, working with our commanders, we came up with a new strategy, and we ordered additional forces to get the job done.\"This is still a tough fight. But thanks to the incredible services and sacrifices of our troops, we pushed the Taliban back; we're training Afghan forces; we've begun the transition to Afghan lead,\" he said.Taking on his critics who were against a timeline for troop withdrawl from Afghanistan, Obama said: \"Again, there are those who argued against a timeline for ending this war or against talking about it publicly. But you know what, that's not a plan for America's security either.\"After 10 years of war, and given the progress we've made, I felt it was important that the American people -- and our men and women in uniform -- know our plan to end this war responsibly.\"\"By the end of this summer, more than 30,000 of our troops will have come home. Next year, Afghans will take the lead for their own security.\"In 2014, the transition will be complete. And even as our troops come home, we'll have a strong partnership with the Afghan people, and we will stay vigilant so Afghanistan is never again a source for attacks against America,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15115025", "title": "Lakshmi Sahgal helped in release of Myanmarese nationals from Kolkata prison", "text": "KOLKATA: On Monday, there would be at least 34 Myanmarese families mourning the death of Lakshmi Sahgal. It was largely due to her efforts that 34 Myanmarese freedom fighters were released from the Presidency Correctional Home in Kolkata in 2011 after 13 years in custody. Sahgal, after coming to know of the plight of the Myanmarese, formed the Solidarity Committee for Burma's Freedom Fighters on 2007. It was this committee which took up the matter with the government, expedited the trials and finally got the 24 Arakan and 10 Karen freedom fighters released.\"She played a very active role in the release of the Myanmarese detainees. She wrote letters to the government and finally succeeded in convincing people that these people were not terrorists but freedom fighters opposing the military junta in Myanmar ,\" said Sujato Bhadra of the Association for Protection of Democratic Rights (APDR) in Kolkata. While Sahgal was chairperson, Bhadra was part of the five-member committee which included Ashok Mitra, civil rights lawyer Nandita Haksar, Surrendra Mohan and journalist Sumit Chakraborty.Sahgal was well over 90-years-old when she participated in a dharna for the Myanmarese along with Bhadra, Mahasweta Devi and others. It was Sahgal's initiative that prompted the likes of filmmaker Mrinal Sen and Malini Bhattacharya to write to the West Bengal government with an appeal to teach the Myanmarese with dignity. It was due to this pressure that the government withdrew its order to conduct trials of the 34 detainees inside the jail premises. Trial in an open court finally started in March, 2007.\"Even a few paragraphs on the lives of these men give us a glimpse of the extent of human rights violations and repression by the military junta. It also gives us a picture of the bravery and courage of these young people who joined the resistance at a great risk of their lives,\" Sahgal had stated in the foreword of her book: Why are Burma's freedom fighters imprisoned in India?Most importantly, the trial and subsequent release of the Myanmarese nationals confirmed that they were actually victims of an operation launched by Indian intelligence agencies that went horribly wrong. Ever since their arrest in 1998, the Myanmarese had claimed that they were part of something known as \"Operation Leech\".Sources later revealed that Indian agencies had planned to use the Myanmarese to get information on the movement of the Chinese in their country's territorial waters. This information was to be obtained from fishermen who operated in the region and were allegedly used by the Chinese to spy on Indian military and naval positions. The Myanmarese freedon fighters were also asked to keep an eye on suspected Chinese military build-up on the Coco Island.In lieu of this information, the members of the National United Party of Arakan (NUPA), with which Indian intelligence agencies had a very good relationship, and the Karen National Union (KNU) were to be allowed to operate from Landfall Island, on the northern tip of the Andaman Islands. In February, 1998, when the NUPA and KNU members were moving towards Landfall Island, they were arrested by Indian authorities with a large cache of arms and ammunition. The Indian authorities claimed that the 34 belonged to a gang of international gun-runners who were planning to supply arms to insurgent outfits in the North East.They were initially taken to Campbell Bay where they were deprived of even basic amenities like toilets and water. Their plight continued after being shifted to Port Blair . Even in Kolkata, they were denied basic human rights. While 31 of them were finally released from prison in May, 2011, the remaining three got free in November. Had it not been for Sahgal and the Solidarity Committee, the Myanmarese may still have been languishing behind the bars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15116763", "title": "Trust between US and Pakistan very low: Feinstein", "text": "WASHINGTON: The trust between the US and Pakistan is very low, a top American Senator has said, ahead of the crucial visit of the new head of the Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI) to Washington.Noting that the relationship between US and Pakistan is very important, Senator Dianne Feinstein , chairwoman of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, said that she would like to see an improved relationship between the two countries.\"I think it's very important. I would like to see an improved relationship. I'd like to do anything I possibly could to help that improved relationship,\" Feinstein said in response to a question as the World Affairs Council-Washington.\"I think there is a new head of the Pakistan intelligence unit. I think we have made very clear to Pakistan what our concerns are.\"And the Pakistanis agreeing to reopen the GLOCs, which are the routes in which equipment comes into Afghanistan, I think that's a very good sign,\" she said.\"We now have another problem with attacks coming from Pakistan directly into Afghanistan, and so there is a real need there for Pakistan to step up.This will be a test. Will they step up? Will they stop these attacks? And we need to develop trust. The trust is very low between the two countries. So these are some of the things that I think need to get done,\" she said.Feinstein said that there's no question that Osama bin Laden raid into Abbottabad created friction with Pakistan.\"But it's very difficult for most of us to believe that Osama bin Laden can live in a relatively large compound in a military-related community for over five years and that community does not know that he's there,\" she said.\"So this was a very important take-down because this was the head of the movement to kill Americans, 3,000 of them, on 9/11 in those great buildings in New York City.\"And that was a mission really very carefully and very well carried out,\" Feinstein said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "15115519", "title": "Garhwa deputy commissioner cancels pending job schemes", "text": "GARHWA: Garhwa deputy commissioner RP Sinha has cancelled all schemes under MGNREGA which have been pending for the past several years. It includes 1,260 schemes for the 2008-09 fiscal and 739 schemes for 2009-10 fiscal. The step has been taken to keep a tab on frequent issue of cheques on pending schemes in collusion with mukhiyas and panchayat sewaks.The DC has ordered all block development officers (BDOs) to cancel these schemes as such a large number of schemes under MGNREGA lying pending for years due to laxity on the part of the officials concerned. He said action would be taken against those found guilty in this connection after a probe into the matter.The DC said, \"I have ordered for shutting down the schemes after completing the measurement of work so far done in the pending schemes. The BDOs have been asked to inform my office about the latest situation.\"Sources said 6,869 schemes were started in various blocks of the district during 2008-09. \"Of them 5,609 schemes have been completed while the remaining 1,260 schemes have been lying pending. Similarly, 1,943 schemes were taken up in 2009-10, of them 1,204 schemes have been completed ,\" a source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "15113686", "title": "Psychiatric help sought for Shamili", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Shamili, the victim of the alleged ragging in a private college in Vizianagaram, was taken for a psychiatric evaluation here on Monday even as the doctors at the ENT Hospital where she was admitted said she was recovering.Sources said the doctors took the opinion of psychiatric experts about Shamili, who is still in a state of shock after she was attacked in her hostel on July 19 by a group of girl students. The intermediate first year student, who was allegedly strangulated by two girls with a rope, spoke to the police, including Vizianagaram SP Kartikeya in the hospital on Monday. In a major relief to the girl's family, the doctors said there were no internal injuries to Shamili's vocal cord. The attackers reportedly left scratch marks on her neck. Kartikeya visited the college hostel and interacted with students. The police questioned hostel warden Mahalakshmi and seven roommates of Shamili in the hostel.A case is registered under section 307 (attempt to murder) on unidentified girls. \"We will investigate the matter and take the version of Shamili before naming the accused in the alleged ragging case,\" CI Srihari Raju told.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15114518", "title": "Use your card to pay challan on the spot", "text": "KOCHI: Soon, you may not have to queue up in police stations to pay fines for traffic offences. You would just need to swipe your credit/debit card on the spot and collect receipt from the police.The city police are contemplating on introducing an e-system wherein people booked for traffic offences can pay fines by swiping their debit/credit cards in a hand-held device and collect receipts on the spot. Police are also considering a proposal to introduce an online facility for payment of fines.A team of officials from a new generation bank recently met city police commissioner M R Ajith Kumar to discuss the modalities of implementing the system in the city in coordination with the state police.\"We have held the first round of discussions with the bank personnel. The bank has introduced a similar system in Bangalore. The proposal has now to be forwarded to the police headquarters for perusal and approval,\" Ajith Kumar said. According to the officials, police are also planning to introduce an online system to enable payment of fines through the payment gateway of a private bank using debit/credit card.Official sources said the system would also help a motorist to collect the details of the case and penalties accumulated. In Kolkata where a similar system has been implemented, one needs to key in the vehicle registration number in the police website to get details of the case and penalties involved. The system, once introduced, will be a relief to motorists. At present, police are collecting fines in cash. If an offender does not have enough money with him/her, he/she will have to go to the police station on the prescribed date for making the payment.\"The e-system will also bring in accountability as all transactions will be recorded. Officials will be able to get complete details of fines collected at the touch of a finger,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15115657", "title": "Traditional fervour marks Nag Panchami", "text": "KANPUR: A large number of devotees visited various temples of Lord Shiva on the occasion of Nag Panchami on Monday. This festival is considered as most sacred in the holy month of Shrawan. It is mainly celebrated in UP and Bihar.Hundreds of devotees made a beeline in front of temples since morning while many thronged Ganga ghats to take a holy dip. People believed that pleasing the assets of Lord Shiva, especially snakes and Ganga get them closer to Him. Hundreds of worshippers also took part in Ganga aarti.Devotees pleased Shiv by offering 'bel patri', milk and 'dhatoora' to 'Shiva linga'. The temples were specially decorated for the festival.The Kherepati temple drew maximum rush. The 'Shiva Linga' here has been decorated with live snakes. A Mela was also organized near the temple.Women also prepared traditional delicacies. Dishes like Dal ki Kachaudi and dahi-bade were prepared. 'Ghughri' is the special dish of Nag Panchami. It is prepared by boiling raw grains.Several clubs organized kite flying competitions. The weather was pleasant and suited the sport. Youngsters were seen on roofs flying kites. This year, the sale of kites has been reduced drastically. The kite sellers said that the traditions are rapidly changing. Kite flying and other outdoor activities have given way to video games. That is why the sale of kites is going down,\" said Pankaj, a kite maker.Wrestling is also associated with the festival. The traditional Indian wrestling is known as 'dangal'. A 'dangal' competition was organized at Massacre Ghat. Around 40 wrestlers took part in it.\"In ancient time when the farmers use to be totally free after sowing the crops in the monsoons, they used to organize wrestling competitions,\" Suraj Pahelvan, an old wrestler of the city, city. After the introduction of gyms, the interest in this traditional sport is gradually diminishing. \"The youngsters find air-conditioned gyms a better place to exercise rather then our traditional akharas,\" he added.Nag Panchami is also known as 'Gudia'. \"When boys were busy in outdoor games, mother in worship and father in wrestling, the girls used to apply 'mehndi' and play with dolls. Hence, the festival also came to be known as Gudia,\" said a senior citizen.Now, the craze of 'Gudia' is confined to villages only. With the advancement, the urban people find such activities as a waste of time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15114630", "title": "Israeli diplomat attack: Iran okays probe team visit", "text": "NEW DELHI: Iran has said the Indian team can come to Tehran to investigate the Israeli diplomat attack case.Sources in the home ministry said Tehran had also fixed a date for the visit. But as the investigation team could not go on that date, India has asked for a new schedule. Sources say the Delhi Police team may soon leave for Tehran to get more details about the four Iranian suspects \u2014 Houshang Afshar Irani, Mohammad Reza Abolghasemi and Seyed Ali Mahdian Sadr and operational head Sedaghatzadeh Masoud.Officials said the visit would be crucial to probe the Iranian link as a chargesheet has to be filed soon in the case.Delhi Police has named Irani as the main accused who had planted a bomb on the car of Israeli diplomat Tal Yehoshua Koren on Aurangzeb Road on February 13.Koren was seriously injured. Delhi Police has officially claimed that the Bangkok and Delhi blasts of February 13 and 14 are linked and the same Iranian module was involved in both.Iran was requested through diplomatic channels for help in tracing Irani and collecting other details of the accused who are in the custody of Bangkok and Malaysia.Delhi Police also wants to corroborate the statement of Syed Mohammed Ahmed Kazmi, an Indian journalist in custody for his alleged involvement in the conspiracy.Recently, Delhi Police also approached the court for issuance of letters rogatory to five countries, Iran, Israel, Thailand, Malaysia and Georgia, in the case.From Israel, Delhi Police wants to formally take the statement of Koren who had left India after the attack.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15114616", "title": "UP cops most trigger-happy, records show", "text": "NEW DELHI: With cries against alleged human rights violations by police increasingly becoming louder, the men in khaki, it seems, are becoming more judicious in the use of their weapons. Last year has seen only 482 occasions of police firing \u2014 a drop of over 66% from previous year\u2014 National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB) records show.The Uttar Pradesh Police, however, still remain the most trigger-happy, accounting for about one-fourth of total civilian casualties in the country leaving behind even terror-stricken states such as Jammu and Kashmir and Chhattisgarh.NCRB's figures show that 2011 saw the lowest instances of police firing in almost half a decade \u2014 with figures for previous three years were over 1,200. A total of 108 civilians died in these police firings, while 59 policemen lost their lives.A senior police officer from Mumbai, which was notorious in the 1990s for encounter killings, said, \"In the recent past so many have gone behind bars for encounter killings that policemen now think twice before whipping out their weapons. The Supreme Court too, and rightly so, has taken an adverse view of such killings suggesting death penalty. Paramilitary forces are being increasingly told by government to use non-lethal weapons for riot control.\"UP is still to learn that lesson, though. The state alone accounted for 25 civilian deaths in 2011, while not a single policeman lost his life. Most policemen (55) lost their lives in anti-terror operations across the country. Of these, 46 were killed in Jammu and Kashmir (11) and Chhattisgarh (35) alone.Given that there have not been any dynamic anti-terror operations in UP in the past one year, the civilians deaths point to police's nimble fingers during riot control and while dealing with criminals. Notably, former CM UP Mayawati's regime had drawn flak from human rights groups about police indulging in extra-judicial killings to clamp down on criminals.National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) records between 2008-09 and June 2011 showed 369 cases of alleged fake encounters. Here too, UP came up trumps with 111 cases, followed by Manipur (60) and West Bengal (23).Jammu and Kashmir, which accounted for maximum instances of firing (132), has not recorded a single civilian casualty. UP recorded 25 such casualties in mere 62 instances.NCRB has also recorded that of all the firing instances, 45.9% were related to terror operations, while 30.9% were for controlling riots. Also of 108 civilians killed, 35 died during riot control and 26 died in terror operations. Not a single policeman, however, died during riot control.Total instances of police firing2011: 4822010: 1,4212009: 1,2802008: 1,529Nature of instances:45.9% in terror operations, 30.9% in riot controlKilledCivilians: 108 (35 in riot control, 26 in terror operations)Police: 59 (none in riots control, 55 in anti-terror operations)State-wise figuresChhattisgarh: 117 firings, 4 civilians killed, 35 policemen killedJ &amp; K: 132 firings, No civilian killed, 11 policemen killedUP: 62 firings, 25 civilians killed, No policeman killedSource: NCRBEncounter killings (2008-09 to June, 2011)Total: 369UP: 111Manipur: 60West Bengal: 23Source: NHRC", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15114336", "title": "Jadavpur University plans new teacher selection formula", "text": "KOLKATA: Jadavpur University has come up with a new formula to recruit teachers. If things go according to plans, the university will assign marks to a candidate's academic achievements to bring down the element of subjectivity in the recruitment process that at times makes it less transparent.Unlike in the prevailing procedure, where a major part of the assessment is done by the interview panel after the candidate satisfies the minimum eligibility criterion (B+ in masters, or sometimes a PhD), the university now wants to categorise candidates on their academic excellence right from Class X. Under the proposed system, a candidate with a consistent first class from Madhyamik to the postgraduate level will be much ahead in the race than his competitor who managed a B+ in postgraduation.\"The purpose is to give due weightage to a candidate's academic record along with the interview,\" said a member of the sub-committee set up by the JU executive council. The sub-committee proposes to categorise candidates according to their academic qualifications - full 5 points for those with 75% to 100% marks in Class X and Plus Two. Candidates with same percentage in graduation and postgraduation will be awarded 10 marks. The scores between 65% to 74% in Class X and XII will fetch 4 out of 5 and scoring the same in graduation and postgraduation will earn the candidate 8 points.\"The sub-committee has also decided to give additional 5 points to ME and MTech applicants. Two-year MPhil will give another 5 points and PhD will earn a candidate 10 points. NET, GRF and a state government fellowship will earn 5 additional points. Research activities including projects, seminar presentations, invited lectures, research supervisions and participation in training programmes too shall allow additional points,\" said a senior EC member of JU.Prestigious honours or awards will fetch 30 points each. Postdoctoral fellowship for at least six months will earn 15 points for each. Research projects worth more than Rs 10 lakh in science or engineering will earn a candidate 20 points for each. Those who received more than Rs 5 lakh for a science or engineering project will get 15 points for each. In arts, social sciences and mathematics, anyone who receives a research project worth Rs 3 lakh will earn 20 points for each and for a research project worth Rs 50,000, 15 points for each.Each patent or technology transfer will fetch 30 points for candidates. Formulating policy documents of the government at the Centre or state (single authored) will earn 10 points per policy. \"Earlier no credits were awarded for attending or conducting training courses or for refresher courses attended. Now, credits will be awarded for each,\" added the senior EC member. Refresher courses of more than two weeks' duration will earn 10 points per course and not more than two such courses will be taken into account. If the duration of the course is a week, candidates will get 2 points for each course and maximum 4 points can be scored.Paper presentations in international conferences or seminars will be rewarded with 5 points each and a candidate can score a maximum 20 points for attending four such conferences or seminars. Similarly, for national-level conferences or seminars, a candidate will be rewarded with 2 marks each and a maximum 8 points can be earned. Apart from these, those who apply for the post of associate professor or professor can earn 2 points for every ME, MTech or MPhil or thesis. Maximum 10 points can be scored this way.Invited lectures to conferences and consultancy projects can earn points too. Publication in journals, authoring a book or translation work or contributing a chapter in an edited volume will also fetch marks.international conferences will fetch 5 points and maximum 20 points can be earned through four such conferences. National conferences will fetch 2 points each and maximum 8 points can be earned. An ongoing consultancy project worth more than Rs 2 lakh for science and engineering group will earn a candidate 2 points for every Rs 2 lakh. The same worth more than Rs 50,000 for arts, social science and mathematics will earn a candidate 2 points.\"There are provisions for referred journals fetching 15 points per publication. In case of a recommended or reputable journal, a candidate can score up to 10 points per publication. If a candidate had authored a book, it will fetch him 20 points. Monograph by national-level publishers will fetch 15 points each. Reference materials and text books by international publishers will fetch 20 points each and by national publishers will score 10 points for every book. If a prospective candidate contributes a chapter in an edited volume, it will fetch 5 points if it's printed by an international publisher and 3 points if it's by a national publisher. In case of translation work, 20 points will be rewarded per book and editing books will fetch 5 points for each,\" said the EC member.\"It has been suggested that professors need not face interviews after calculating the credits. For assistant and associate professor applicants, 60% weightage will be given on points and 40% on interviews,\" said the EC member. It has also been proposed that a screening committee will decide on the final selection. Meeting the minimum eligibility won't be enough.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15114741", "title": "One held for kidnapping 7-year-old", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the arrest of one person, cops claim to have solved the kidnapping of a boy on July 13. The seven-year-old was picked up from Swaroop Nagar in northwest Delhi. The minor had been murdered by the accused, Ashish, cops said.He was arrested at the instance of his aide Islam, who was nabbed on Sunday. The accused was a tenant of the boy's father. He had been nursing a grudge against the family ever since his landlord asked him to vacate the house for having illicit relations with one of the neighbours, cops said.The victim, Gaurav Kumar, studied in Class II at a private school. He was kidnapped from outside his house.\"They took Gaurav to an isolated place, where Ashish strangled him. They dumped his body in a nearby drain. We are trying to trace the body,\" said a senior police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15113428", "title": "Centre, state to share NH cost", "text": "PORVORIM: PWD minister Ramkrishna 'Sudin' Dhavalikar told the Goa assembly Monday night that the 4/6 laning of NH 17 will be executed by the PWD on a cost-sharing basis with the central government. Replying to a long discussion on the demand for grants to PWD, Dhavalikar said that the estimated cost of the project is around 5,000 crore, of which 40% will be borne by the Centre.Under the plan, the government envisages to construct parallel bridges over Zuari, Mandovi and Colvale and three more at Talpona, Galgibagh and Mashem. Last year, the construction of NH 17 was stopped after the notification was allowed to lapse.For the safety of two-wheelers, a pilot project will be initiated soon on the Old Goa-Panaji route via the Kadamba plateau in which there will be CCTV surveillance. The government, he said, has also decided to construct bridges at Arpora, Savoi Verem-Cotambi, Dauje-Tolto, ragada in Sanvordem and Divar among others.Chief minister Manohar Parrikar said that the alignment will be decided later. Responding to concerns expressed by Curtorim MLA Aleixo Reginaldo Lourenco, the chief minister said that \"old alignment will not necessarily be followed\".He added that the government is sensitive to the concerns of the people and that the number of houses to be demolished for road widening will be reduced drastically.On the issue of PWD contractor Vishwas Harmalkar committing suicide, Parrikar said that the inquiry conducted by the additonal collector has found that the contractor was paid an advance of 22.30 lakh. Now, the anti-corruption branch is investigating the case, Parrikar said.Dhavlikar, responding to the demand for waterways, said that the government is exploring launch services on the Panaji-Aldona, Panaji-Pilgao, Panaji-Sanvordem and Panaji-Reis Magos routes. He also stated that a consultant will soon be appointed for a service on the Panaji-Mormugao route. Dhavlikar stated that buses which are over 15 years old will be phased out according to the amended scheme. Special grants are given by the government to buy new buses if they are old.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15115342", "title": "60-yr-old undergoes first re-replacement heart surgery in Pune", "text": "PUNE: The city recently witnessed the first re-replacement operation of a previously degenerated bio-prosthetic valve using the fourth generation tissue valve. A 66-year-old doctor, suffering from a degenerated bio-prosthetic heart valve implanted 10 years ago, went for the most expensive fourth generation bio-prosthetic heart valve for his aortic valve replacement heart surgery.\"This was the first Trifecta bio prosthetic used in the city. Again, for the first time in the country, this valve has been used to re-replace a previously degenerated tissue valve,\" said cardiac surgeon Sameer Bhate, who conducted the operation, along with a team doctors, at Ruby Hall Clinic on July 5.Bhate, who was assisted by senior cardiac surgeon Sudhir Bhate, anesthetists Anil Sant and Sandeep Mutha and perfusionist Anand Kulkarni.Statistics suggest that in case of heart disease, 35% to 40% of patients suffer from heart valve disease. This is mainly due to rheumatic disease, which is a bacterial streptococcal infection mainly affecting children. Some defects are congenital (malformations in valves by birth). In elderly patients, this can also be due to degenerative disease of the valve.In India, more than 20,000 patients undergo heart valve procedures every year. \"The choice for prosthesis is slowly shifting towards tissue heart valves which obviate the need of a daily intake of anti-coagulation medication. The choice makes more sense for females in conceivable age and for elderly patients who are already on several medications. More and more people in the western world are opting for tissue valve,\" Bhate said.\"With the introduction of this valve, patients with small aortic roots, aortic heart valve patients, especially in their fifties and women in child bearing age, will have a better option to choose for among tissue heart valves,\" he added.Trifecta Valve was introduced in India in February 2012 after two years of over 1,200 implantations all over the world. \"Trifecta is made up from bovine pericardial tissue with single sheet of leaflet mounted outside a titanium stent. The valve has bigger opening, which is close to the human valve,\" Bhate said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15115556", "title": "Humid weather makes outages unbearable", "text": "LUDHIANA: A power cut lasting about six hours left city residents gasping on a hot and humid Monday. In majority of the posh areas, the supply was snanpped due to a technical snag in the 400KV sub-station at Lalton around 1pm could only be restored around 7.15pm.Superintendent engineer at Punjab State Power Corporation Limited (west zone) Tarlok Singh said, \"Normally, we enforce power curtailment in the areas like Sarabha Nagar, Model Town, BRS Nagar, Pakhowal Road, Gurdev Nagar, Agar Nagar, from 1pm for around two hours. But due to the technical snag the power was snapped for a long duration. We will only be able to restore it once the fault is rectified.\"As for residents, the sultry weather only added to their woes. Jasleen Kaur, a homemaker of BRS Nagar, said, \"The weather is stuffy and uncomfortable. If one takes a bath and does not enter an AC room immediately, one would be sweating within a minute. But with no power it becomes literally a torture to stay indoors.\"A businessman of Sarabha Nagar, Gurjeet Singh said, \"Since the cut lasted for more than six hours, even the inverter gave up and we were left bathing in sweat. With PSPCL enforcing marathon power cuts, residents are left in utter discomfort as they have to brave technical snags, too.\" Varsha Gupta of Rajguru Nagar, added, \"With load-shedding every few hours, one has no patience left to bear with technical snags. In these humid conditions, power cut for a few minutes can also be agonizing, leave alone six hours at a stretch.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15115320", "title": "'IIT-I has highest ratio of students across India'", "text": "INDORE: Over 169 new entrants in PhD and B Tech streams in IIT-I had undergone the orientation and registration programme held here on Monday.The programme held at PACL campus in the institute where 119 students were given admission in B Tech and 50 students were selected for Ph D programme.Dean of academic affairs, Prof Neelesh Jain in his address to students said, \"IIT-I has 23 female students out of 119 students in B Tech 2012 batch. This is the highest gender ratio among all the IITs.\" He said that a two-year MSc program in Chemistry and Physics and MTech program in engineering disciplines would be introduced in the institute in 2013-14.Speaking on the occasion, the IIT-I director Prof Pradeep Mathur said, \"The institute has developed state-of-art teaching and research laboratories in different disciplines of engineering and science.\"The students were also given tips to cope with academic pressure of IIT. All the classes for the autumn semester 2012 will start from 25th July.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15114724", "title": "Defence ministry tweaks defence offsets policy", "text": "NEW DELHI: The defence ministry on Monday cleared a revised offsets policy, which includes \"transfer of critical technology'' under its ambit and mandates a new Defence Offsets Management Agency (DOMA) to oversee policy formulations in the sector.India's defence procurement policy specifies that a foreign armament company which bags an arms deal over Rs 300 crore must plough back at least 30% of the contract value into India as offsets. Over $4.27 billion has already been attracted in offsets through arms contracts inked since October 2007.After several complaints last year that India's defence industrial base (DIB) was incapable of absorbing the huge offsets in pipeline, MoD was forced to liberalize its offsets policy to include investments in the country's civil aerospace, homeland security and training sectors as well. Till then, the offsets had been restricted to just the defence industrial sector.The policy has been tweaked once again. \"Now, a vendor with full intellectual property rights can offer critical technology as part of its offsets obligations. A vendor will also get enhanced credit with a 1.5 multiplier for investment in SMEs (small and medium enterprises),'' said an official.DOMA will also replace the existing defence offsets facilitation agency to monitor and facilitate the offset processes and banking credits as well as make policy formulations. The offsets, it is hoped, will help in boosting the country's DIB, with MoD also encouraging joint ventures or 'co-production arrangements' between Indian firms and foreign armament majors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15115581", "title": "Click to check traffic violations", "text": "LUDHIANA: Now, you can log on to a social networking site to better traffic movement in the city.The traffic police are seeking residents' cooperation to check violations through its Facebook profile. ACP (traffic) Naveen Singla said, \"The initiative will enable residents play a vital role. They can capture any violation they notice on roads on their cameras and post the picture on our profile. The registration number of the vehicle should be clear, so that the department can act against the violators after obtaining information from the district transport office.\"Besides, they could also share pictures of spots where they wanted traffic-related improvements and share suggestion, he added.\"The initiative aims at ensuring smooth traffic flow. For this, residents must come forward and play an active role. It will help us check wrong parking and other offences too,\" he said.Residents have welcomed the initiative. Yudhvir Singh, a resident of Pakhowal Road, said, \"The rough traffic has made driving quite difficult here. I will be a part of this initiative to get rid of the perennial traffic menace.\"Kamaljeet Kaur, a resident of Dugri, said, \"The step if followed properly can ensure smooth vehicular flow. I have decided to share many pictures, especially of cops who instead of performing their duties at chowks get-together and chat.\"Jaspreet Singh, a resident of Sarabha Nagar, said, 'I will post pictures of wrongly parked vehicles and places where the problem is common. I think the initiative will get a thumbs-up from locals.\"The drive has already been implemented in many big cities of the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15115180", "title": "Pothole tracking tech puts corporators in a tight spot", "text": "MUMBAI: Corporators are finding it difficult to keep pace with the BMC's new pothole tracking mechanism, which, because of the use of technology, is a transparent system. Used to writing formal letters to ward offices, they have blamed the civic administration for not training them adequately on the new mechanism.Samajwadi Party group leader Rais Shaikh told TOI, \"Most councillors are used to getting in touch with ward officers. About the new system, apart from standing committee members, most corporators have been kept in the dark. The administration needs to educate corporators about the changes.\"The BMC has been strict about the pothole tracking system, developed by Probity Soft. According to it, contractors are assigned the job of filling only those potholes, information about which (uploaded to the civic server) has been verified by sub-engineers.While it has helped the BMC to tackle false claims by contractors, Shaikh said, \"Many potholes will go unreported if the civic body fails to take cognizance of corporators' complaint.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15114412", "title": "Information panel puts off cyber drive", "text": "KOLKATA: A computerization programme for the state information commission has been abandoned midway for want of central funds.Sources said the department of personnel and training (DoPT), which is looked after by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , has stopped releasing funds since the commission failed to provide utilization certificates.The Bengal government has set up the state information commission on December 12, 2005 under the centralRight to Information Act, 2005. Even after seven years, the commission has not thought it fit to complete the computerization of its records, a norm mentioned in the act itself. Amid complaints from the public that their valuable time is wasted over RTI applications, the central information commission recently wrote to the state reminding it to conduct a status check on the implementation of the RTI Act.The computerization programme and digitization of records would have made information accessible to RTI applicants, as well as the public authorities. While it is the right of every citizen to be able to access information, it is the duty of the commission to proactively make available key information to all stakeholders.A click on the commission's website (www.wbic.gov.in) would make things clear. The website hasn't been updated in last three years. It has information on complaints received or disposed only up to March 2009. Similarly, appeals received or disposed only till May, 2009, have been uploaded.TOI spoke to a number of complainants and RTI applicants, who had vouched for the harassment meted out to them because the records they keep submitting to the commission are not reflected in the files. \"We are asked to provide information again and again,\" said an applicant. The computerization programme could have fast-tracked disposal of RTI applications, besides bringing in the much-needed transparency.Year-wise data for 2009, 2010 and 2011, related to the receipt of appeals and complaints received and disposed of, are not available on the website. Even the commission's annual report for 2010-2011 and 2011-2012 have not been submitted to the government for assembly presentation., so that they could be tabled in the assembly.When contacted, state chief information commissioner (CIC) Sujit Sarkar first insisted that the computerization programme was almost complete. \"There is some confusion over utilization of Rs 2.5 lakh. We have sent the certificate to the Centre again.\" The CIC, later, called on to clarify: \"I have checked with my officials and found that what I had said earlier is partially correct. The computerization is underway and we are working towards its early completion.\"An important component of the computerization programme is training of staff and Sarkar could not give the timeline for that. as to by what time this training would be over.The RTI Act includes right to inspect work and even takes samples of materials to determine the quality of work. \"All RTI files and file-notings are supposed to be computerized and duly catalogued. This is the only way to reduce the load of RTI applications. Only those containing sensitive subjects are exempted under the RTI Act and should not be put on the web,\" said a member of an NGO that specializes on RTI.Sources said the commission still keeps its files in storerooms and the process of computerization is far from over even as Section 4 (1) of the RTI Act says that records should be computerized \"within a reasonable time\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15117157", "title": "Time for celebration at Carmel Convent School reunion", "text": "A whole lot of nostalgia, masti apart took place when the 87th batch of Carmel Convent School reunited this weekend, it also brought joy to a deserving cause. Taking this opportunity to provide financial aid to a deserving candidate, the former girls prepared a corpus fund to be disbursed towards one meritorious student every year.While the celebrations marking the batch's glorious 25 years spread over two days, the Carmelites simultaneously worked hard to meet their agenda, which also included felicitating old teachers and contributing something significant for their alma mater.On the final day everyone was in the mood to celebrate. The environment turned emotional as the alumni walked down memory lane. They best relived those days with a singing session, rendering several new and old numbers. This meet also turned momentous as out of 87 as many as 40 ladies turned up for the celebrations, one of the largest number so far.And the bonding of Carmelites is so compelling that even long distances cannot keep them apart. At this do, some former students flew in especially from abroad. One of the proud members of 87 batch, Priya Garg said, \"It was a great experience. What's amazing is that nobody has changed. It was a refreshing event and we enjoyed it thoroughly.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15114535", "title": "TP murder: Prime accused seeks bail", "text": "KOCHI: P V Rafeek, the prime accused in the murder of RMP leader T P Chandrasekharan, approached the high court on Monday seeking bail.According to police, Rafeek who is from Palloor, near Mahe, is the leader of the gang that executed the brutal murder on May 4. In his application, Rafeek claimed that he had only rented the car used by the gang that attacked Chandrasekharanand wasn't involved in the murder. Admitting his plea, Justice N K Balakrishnan sought the stance of the prosecution.Rafeek, a 32-year-old Gulf returnee, is involved in around 30 cases and has been jailed before for political violence in Thalassery. Police had revealed that it was Rafeek who had secured the Innova car used by the gang in the murder. The car bearing registration number KL-58D 8144 was allegedly handed over to Rafeek by Harris, a native of Chokli after it was hired from a rent-a-car operator. in Thalassery.The police version is that Kodi Suni, the second accused in the case and Rafeek alias Payapadachiare professional goons andclose associates. Rafeek was arrested based on the statement by one of the assailants, M C Anoop, that he had prior knowledge about the murder plot.Police recovered the vehicle from Marankandy at Chokli in Kannur a day after the murder. When police issued a lookout notice on Rafeek, he surrendered and revealed that he had rented the vehicle for Kodi Suni for a tour. He was arrested on charges of criminal conspiracy (for committing murder), concealing design to commit an offence, and abetment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15112994", "title": "Demand up for postal dept\u2019s rakhi envelopes", "text": "NASHIK: The demand for the postal department's rakhi envelopes that were introduced five years back has gone up by 20% percent. These specially designed envelopes are easy to sort, trendy and is an income generating source for the department.Public relations officer of General Post Office (GPO), Ghanshyam Wagh, said that the envelopes were introducecd into the market from the point of view of increasing business for the postal department. \"The main intention was that these would be easy to sort compared to other plain envelopes. The envelopes cost Rs 7 each in addition to postal charges,\" Wagh said.\"The envelopes are delivered within three days to any city in the country and are also delivered internationally. The latter takes four days. Since raksha bandhan is celebrated in the monsoon, the envelopes have a plastic coating for protection,\" said Wagh.Around 100-150 such specialty envelopes are sent from the GPO to post offices within the city, the number varying according to the location and the kind of business it makes. The GPO keeps around 500 envelopes.Senior post master at the Naship GPO, L V Suryawanshi, said that other envelopes are also given a prefer ence during this period because the postal department wants to deliver rakhis on time.\"The only difference is that these envelopes are easy to sort and carry an added protection so the rakhis do not get damaged. Their size is also bigger than regular envelopes. We have arranged to send rakhis across 220 cities before the fourth day. Once they are delivered we will also call up the sender to inform them that the rakhi has reached its destination,\" Suryawanshi said.He added that the post office insists that the envelopes are marked with the words 'Rakhis inside' to ensure quick delivery. Wagh said that there have been times when customers ask for the special envelope but these are sold out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15114849", "title": "Tourist town gets a new name", "text": "This has become its pet name, and tourists have always asked local for directions to Mugilupete.All thanks to golden star Ganesh's film Galipata, which was filmed in Mandalapatti a few years ago. The town was called Mugilupete in the hit movie, and that's how the name stuck. Locals are now realizing that their town has a new nomenclature, and tourists are coming from far and near for a closer look at this romantic town.Reacting to this, Galipata director Yograj Bhat said he is happy that his movie has made such a big impression on the people. Asked how the name Mugilupete was chosen, he said Galipata was shot mainly at Ripponpete near Kodachadri hills in Dakshina Kannada and also at Mandalapatti in Kodagu. In both places, he could see the clouds moving beneath his legs and thought it appropriate to name these places Mugilupete (the town of clouds) in his film.Mandalapatti, situated in the Pushpagiri forest limits, is spread over 600 hectares and has scenic view points. It comes under the Galibeedu panchayat limits. The forest department collects Rs 200 per head from Indians, and Rs 500 from foreigners as entry fee to these points.But once tourists begin to come in, there are the usual heaps of empty alcoholic bottles and litter. Galibeedu panchayat president Pudiyathanda Subhash Somaiah regretted that forest department was collecting money but not maintaining the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15115343", "title": "\u2018All you need is 5 friends to cope with modern life\u2019", "text": "LONDON: Finding it tough to cope with modern life? All you need is the presence of five friends: An agony aunt, an emotional support, someone good with money, a practical person and a colleague you can seek advice from.The research by Nationwide Building Society in UK shows a minimum of five friends and colleagues are now required to share out our problems and get useful advice from.Researchers rated 'an agony aunt' figure who you can tell your problems to, followed by a 'loved one' who will put an arm around you and provide emotional support , the Daily Mail reported.The third most in demand is 'someone to help you out with financial matters' and advise you how to save money . And fourth is a 'knowledgeable friend' or family member you can turn to for advice on life's matters.The fifth most important is 'a colleague' you can look to for help and advice in the workplace. However, the research found that despite the average Facebook user having 190 friends, 32% of Brits still don't feel they really have anyone on their side.Men are twice as likely to feel they have no one to turn to (42%) in their daily lives as women (23%). The research shows our main needs are for someone to listen to our problems (23%), to provide emotional support (18%) and to ease the pressures of everyday life (18%).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15117526", "title": "Yesudas is making a comeback with \u2018Theruvu Nakshtrangal\u2019", "text": "Ganagandharvan Yesudas is making a comeback with 'Theruvu Nakshtrangal'. He will be seen in the picturisation of a song.Yesudas has acted in the films 'Kayamkulam Kochunni','Nandanam' and 'Boyfriend' before this. Jose Maveli is producing this film under the banner of 'Fourlions Creations'. Tini Tom will be seen playing lead role in this film. Captain Raju, Salim Kumar,Bhiman Reghu, Saju Kodian, Kaviyoor Ponamma, Urumilla Unni are the other stars of the movie.The film will be released on August 15.Source: kerala9.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15114489", "title": "SC allows repair of Mullaperiyar dam", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday permitted minor maintenance work of Mullaperiyar dam under the joint supervision of technical experts of Tamil Nadu, Kerala and Central Water Commission.The Tamil Nadu government had sought five interim reliefs from the apex court, but a bench of Justices D K Jain, R M Lodha, Deepak Verma, C K Prasad and A R Dave granted three, mainly relating to cleaning of drainage galleries and stilling basin given the strong objection by the Kerala government.The work permitted to be conducted by the court includes cleaning of the stilling basin to fill up the eroded pockets with epoxy concrete, reaming the drainage holes in the drainage galleries and all routine maintenance work.But given the hostility between the two states over the sensitive issue, the bench ordered that the work would be carried out under the supervision of superintending engineers nominated by the two state governments along with a technical expert to be chosen by the chairman of Central Water Commission.The court also asked the Union water resources ministry to supply copies of the report by the empowered committee headed by former CJI A S Anand to all parties and fixed the matter for further direction on August 31.Such is the sensitivity involved in the issue that TN's counsel Vinod Bobde sought a change in the order of the apex court from \"Kerala should permit\" to \"Kerala should not obstruct\" routine maintenance work of the dam.Kerala's counsel Harish Salve, before disagreeing with two reliefs sought by TN in its interim application, said the state must not precipitate matters by attempting to waive a red rag in a sensitive matter.The Justice Anand headed empowered committee had said that the 116-year-old Mullaperiyar dam \"is structurally and seismically safe for raising the water level from 135 feet to 142 feet after carrying out certain repairs\".The report will be part of the elaborate hearing that is expected to commence from September and likely to end by November.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15113940", "title": "Chhota Rajan's aide gets bail in Kaskar driver murder case", "text": "MUMBAI: Ex-NCP activist and gangster Chhota Rajan aide Joseph Paulson, an accused in the murder of Iqbal Kaskar's bodyguard-cum-driver Arif Aboobakar alias Sayed Bael, was granted bail. But he will continue to be lodged in Arthur Road jail as he is an accused in the murder of journalist J Dey.Sources said Paulson may get bail in the Dey case as well as he had allegedly played similar roles in both the murders.According to legal experts, if Paulson gets bail in the Dey murder case, then other accused may cite the order to secure their release from prison.A senior police officer, who was part of the team that probed Dey's murder, said they will strongly oppose Paulson's bail application in the Dey case. \"He is the middleman who had coordinated between Vora and Rajan,\" said the officer. \"The court will examine the role played by each accused in the senior journalist's murder before deciding on their bail pleas.\"Bael, the driver of fugitive don Dawood Ibrahim's brother, was shot dead outside Dambarwala building on Pakmodia Street on May 17. The incident had created an uproar in the underworld with rumours doing the rounds that the shooters had come to kill Iqbal.On June 11 last year, Dey was shot dead in Powai. During the course of investigation, Paulson's name cropped up. Paulson had allegedly supplied international SIM cards to the eight accused, including the shooter Satish Thankappan alias Kalia and controversial builder Vinod Asrani alias Chembur, at the behest of Rajan. \"Paulson had also supplied SIM cards to Bael's shooter Umaid Ur Rahman through Rajan aide D K Rao,\" said an officer.Paulson had reportedly told the police that the SIM cards were given to him by Rajan aide Ravi Rateshwar, who is now a witness in the Dey murder case. Rateshwar is the brother of Ram Vimal, a fugitive gangster who allegedly killed Dawood aide Sharad Shetty in Dubai in 2002.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15118556", "title": "Will small films make a mark?", "text": "Ever since Karthi's Saguni hit screens of June 22, the number of Tamil films releasing every week had dropped to just one. While the following week did not have a single release, July 6 saw the release of S S Rajamouli's Naan Ee, which met with critical and commercial success. And July 13 was a day of fireworks as Ajith fans queued up to catch their Thala in Billa II, the prequel to his successful Billa. And last week, there was no Tamil film, but theatres in Tamil Nadu had to accommodate the global phenomenon that is The Dark Knight Rises, which was distributed in the state by Udhayanidhi Stalin.But now, since all these films have managed to get bumper openings and turned a success at the BO, it is time for small films to get their due. This Friday, July 27, will see the release of four films \u2014 Maalai Pozhuthin Mayakkathilaey, Suzhal, Pollangu and Pechiyakka Marumagan , each belonging to a different genre and mostly featuring new faces in their cast and crew. Among these Maalai Pozhuthin Mayakkathilaey has managed to create some buzz among the urban crowd, chiefly due to its spellbinding songs, scored by Achu. Suzhal, a crime thriller has the attraction of noted Bollywood actor Atul Kulkarni, playing a crucial role.Next week will also see close to half-a-dozen small films releasing. Now, the big question being asked by exhibitors in the state is whether there will be enough screens to accommodate every one of these films, especially when films like Naan Ee, Billa II , and The Dark Knight Rises are still doing sound business.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15118227", "title": "IIT-Madras, Institute for Financial Management and Research academics review India\u2019s National Action Plan on Climate Change", "text": "CHENNAI: The National Mission for Sustainable Agriculture does not address the needs and challenges of marginal and poor farmers, finds a new study by academics from IIT Madras and IFMR's Centre for Development Finance. The document, titled 'An Evaluation of India's National Action Plan on Climate Change (NAPCC)' offers such insight into the country's eight climate missions.Professor Sudhir Chella Rajan of IIT Madras and professor Sujatha Byravan have attempted to develop a broad stroke analysis of India's climate missions of the National Action Plan on Climate Change through. The study evaluates the design of the National Solar Mission, National Mission on Enhanced Energy Efficiency, National Mission on Sustainable Habitat, National Water Mission, National Mission for Sustaining the Himalayan Ecosystem, National Mission for a Green India, National Mission for Sustainable Agriculture, and the National Mission on Strategic Knowledge for Climate Change.Professor Sudhir Chella Rajan said, \"Climate change could very well turn out to be India's biggest development challenge in the 21st century. The NAPCC missions are therefore of paramount importance in the policy domain and accordingly need to be subject to review and revision as necessary. \"The study aims to provide policy makers, academics and researchers, civil society groups and others a snapshot of the missions as perceived by the experts in the country at this time. It is hoped that the inputs would enable the government to make appropriate corrections when they undertake mid-stream reviews. The results of the study are also expected to be useful to the future design of climate policy in specific areas in the country.Lead author of the report professor Sujatha Byravan said, \"Climate change is a problem that will be here with us for a very long time and these missions are India's initial attempt at setting climate policy. We hope the missions will remain dynamic and responsive to recommendations from experts and lessons from implementation. Mid-stream corrections will have to be made and incorporated into future Plan documents.\"The study is based on interviews of experts, and presents issues relating to the design of the mission documents, identifies the tensions that run through them, the key strengths, challenges and weaknesses of individual missions as evaluated by the experts. The authors have also prepared detailed assessment cards for each mission, elaborating the goals and targets of the mission, their consistency with the principles set by the prime minister's council, technology features, research and development, institutional arrangements, financial instruments, collaborations and partnerships, and potential barriers to implementation.Adding to the assessment of the National Mission for Sustainable Agriculture's action plan, the report said that there is some recognition of the problems the country faces and understanding of how these will be exacerbated by climate change. However, \"the entire approach appears to be similar to past policies without recognition of the urgency of the problems in the agriculture sector,\" the report added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15114247", "title": "Loan agents whisk away woman in car", "text": "KOLKATA: A 43-year-old woman was last month abducted by car loan recovery agents in broad daylight from BT Road, driven to a garage in Bhadreshwar, Hooghly, and left locked up inside although she had technically not defaulted on her loan. She had to be rescued by Bhadreshwar police hours later. While the incident happened on June 12 and the FIR lodged with Baranagar police the following day, police allegedly took no action for 38 days. The charges slapped against the accused were so weak that all of them surrendered and walked free on bail last Friday. The victim has now decided to approach the state women's commission.Mala Mazumdar was on her way back home after collecting admission forms for her daughter from Jaipuria College when three men on motorcycles intercepted her car and forced it to stop near Palpara on BT Road, barely 200 metres from the Baranagar PS. The men asked Mala and her driver to get off the car since they had orders to take it away.As per a Supreme Court directive, such \"reposession\" can be done only on a court-appointed receiver's order with prior intimation to the police and the owner of the vehicle.Mala told the agents that she had talked to the bank to make a one-time settlement by June 25, but the agents refused to pay heed. She claimed they first tried to drag her out of the car. When she screamed, one of them pushed the driver aside, got into the car and began driving it at breakneck speed further north towards Dakshineshwar.Mala first called her husband, a diabetes patient who stays at home, and told him that she was being kidnapped. When the car stopped at the Vivekananda bridge toll booth, she tried to draw the attention of the toll plaza staff. The guards there asked the driver to pull over the car but he sped away. On Durgapur Expressway, the agents first tried to force her out and when they could not, they drove the car into a garage, locked it and left. Realizing she was somewhere in Bhadreshwar, Mala called up a family friend who informed the police. An hour later she was rescued. Police told her to lodge a complaint in Baranagar.In the FIR lodged with the Baranagar police, Mala claimed she had bought the car, a Maruti Alto, in 2007. She had initially taken a loan of Rs 2.8 lakh from a private bank for four years. After paying EMIs for two and a half years, she first defaulted. Following an offer from another private bank, she transferred the remaining loan of Rs 1.8 lakh and paid five instalments of Rs 6,501 per month. She then reached a one-time settlement of Rs 95,000 that was to be paid by June 25, 2012.The FIR was lodged under section 323 IPC (voluntarily causing hurt), 506 IPC (criminal intimidation) and 534 IPC (assault or criminal force to a woman with the intent to outrage her modesty) \u2014 all bailable charges. Additional DCP (Barrackpore) Biswajit Ghosh said, \"The charges of police not responding in time doesn't arise, because the complaint was lodged immediately.\"In 2007, the Supreme Court had in a landmark judgment laid the rules for vehicle reposession during default. It had observed: \"The recovery of loans or seizure of vehicles could be done only through legal means. The banks cannot employ goondas to take possession by force.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15114586", "title": "Defence ministry clears Rs 12,000 crore project to acquire 56 transport aircraft for IAF", "text": "NEW DELHI: The defence ministry on Monday cleared an over Rs 12,000-crore project to acquire 56 transport aircraft for the IAF to replace its ageing fleet of Avro planes. Interestingly, the project is likely to see a private sector company - instead of Hindustan Aeronautics Ltd (HAL) \u2014 tie up with a foreign vendor to supply the aircraft.The defence acquisitions council (DAC), chaired by defence minister A K Antony, gave the green signal to the project that will see the first 16 aircraft being procured off-the-shelf in \"a flyaway condition'' from the selected foreign vendor.While the next 16 planes will have to have at least 30% indigenous components, the figure will go up to 60% for the last 24. ``The global tender or RFP (request for proposal) will be issued soon. Foreign vendors will have to select an Indian partner from the private or public sector to bid for the project. We hope the deliveries will begin four years after the contract is inked,'' said an official.The military aviation sector has till now strictly been the preserve of HAL. This is the first time the defence ministry is looking beyond the defence PSU, whose order book is overflowing with projects ranging from production of Sukhoi-30MKIs and upgrades of MiG-29s and Mirage-2000s as well as proposed ones like the around $20 billion one for the medium multi-role combat aircraft. ``This new project will help boost the manufacture of military transport aircraft in the country,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15115364", "title": "Siren to sound population alarm", "text": "CHANDIGARH: To signify the need to stop and think about the consequences of population explosion versus limited resources for future generations, a siren will be sounded throughout the city at 12 noon on Tuesday.The siren will be blown as an appeal to the masses to overcome their inhibitions about discussing the need for family planning through a variety of contraceptive choices and voluntary adoption of family planning methods like oral pills, Copper T , condoms and sterilization.The health department of the Chandigarh administration has been celebrating World Population Stabilization Fortnight (July 11 to 24) in the city under the theme, \"Khushhali Ka Aadhar: Chhota Parivar,\" and the siren would be sounded under this initiatve.The inauguration ceremony-cum- advocacy meeting that saw the presence of officers and paramedics from the department of health, anganwadi workers from Social Welfare Department, NGOs, private practitioners and local residents was held at Janj Ghar, Sector 45, Burail, under the chairmanship of Anil Kumar, secretary, health, UT. He informed that emphasis should be laid on the right age for marriage, delaying the first pregnancy, proper spacing between the first and second child and then bringing down too many pregnancies. Unwanted pregnancies lead to unsafe abortions or complicated deliveries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15113641", "title": "PMO signals drought alert on deficit rain, asks ministries to help affected states", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Prime Minister's Office (PMO) has sounded an alert over a deficient monsoon, directing ministries to help states facing drought-like situations by operationalizing contingency plans to distribute seeds, augment fodder and power and deal with drinking water shortages.PMO said the monsoon season rainfall is likely to be 92% of the long-term average (LPA), less than the 96% LPA predicted in June that itself was a downgrade from the 98% LPA May forecast. \"IMD predicted rainfall to be normal at 96% with an error of plus-minus 4%, but this is now reportedly likely to be around the lower end of the range,\" it said.A whimsical monsoon is likely to add to government expenditure as states will have to be reimbursed for free power supplied to farmers and a spike in prices of pulses may add to food inflation. Food minister K V Thomas told ToI that drought is impending in Maharashtra, Gujarat, Karnataka and western Rajasthan.Emergency measures add to the government's concerns over a slowing economy although massive buffer stocks \u2014 currently thrice the levels usually maintained \u2014 means there should be no crisis in food supplies. But added expenditure and a dip in farm productivity adds to the Centre's fiscal burden.The government said it is in \"full readiness\" with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh asking his office to monitor the progress of the kharif season on a weekly basis. \"There is a reduction of eight million hectares in crop area sown compared to last year,\" the release says.Thomas feels rice production will not be majorly impacted. \"Food grain production and sugarcane will remain more or less the same. The problem is with pulses and oilseeds. These are the two crops, where production will come down,\" he said.The announcement ends official ambiguity over the state of monsoon with PMO noting the progress of the rains so far \"has not allayed earlier concerns\" and pointing to states that need particular attention. The statement, however, says that while water reservoirs are 78% normal, the situation is improving.Sowing of coarse grains like millet, jowar and ragi is short by 30 lakh hectares compared to normal and this is unlikely to be made up, although PMO hopes that the deficit in rice, the main kharif food grain crop, can be addressed.Concerned over the paddy crop in Haryana, Punjab and UP, the PMO has said 300mw of extra power will be made available to ensure the yield is not affected. During the 2009 drought, free power to farmers allowed extraction of groundwater which along with canal supplies saved the crops. Late September rains had also aided the yields.Although Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) allows for a 4% plus-minus error in its predictions, PMO has spelt out this year rainfall is likely to be at the lower end of the range or around 92% of LPA.Stating the current 22% deficit can be \"misleading\", the government said unevenness of distribution and periodicity of rainfall are also factors that matter as the next week to 10 days could prove critical to the progress of sowing. But it does seem the record 257 million tonne food grain production recorded in 2011-12 will be hard to replicate.Measures taken include making available \"submergence resistant\" seeds for states like Assam grappling with floods, drought-resistant varieties elsewhere and advisories on preservation of crop residue for likely fodder shortages. Seeds for fodder crops like maize, sorghum and bajra would be made available.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15115514", "title": "Land controversy stalls state's development", "text": "RANCHI: Jharkhand was carved out of Bihar on November 15, 2000 primarily to expedite growth in the tribal- dominated mineral-rich region. But with every passing day, it seems that the dream remains a dream only. Apart from establishment of industrial and irrigation projects which require thousands of acres of land and which lead to health hazard, the state government has failed to provide suitable plots to even educational institutions such as Indian Institute of Management-Ranchi, National University for Study and Research in Law and Indian Institute of Information Technology.During the same period, Bihar has not only developed but has also the credit of setting up some of the best educational institutions in the country such as Indian Institute of Technology , Chanakya National Law University and two central universities. The state got its second central varsity a few days ago for which Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar has been struggling for a few years. While CNLU has already got its campus, the construction of IIT is going on in full swing.Former vice-chancellor of Ranchi University A A Khan, who has worked with many universities in India and abroad, said the main problem in Jharkhand was lack of will power among the leaders and common man to bring changes in the society. \"In Jharkhand, a handful of people are protesting in the name of anti-displacement and are stopping work which will bring change in life of youths. The common man joining the protest fails to understand that their own children will have to migrate to far-off places for higher education and spend a huge amount,\" said Khan.A senior officer in the state HRD department conceded that the state failed to cash in on the opportunities available because of lack of vision and greed of handful of people. No one was willing to speak openly as the case is sub-judice, with the Jharkhand high court scheduled to hear the case on August 6.Citing the example of land row at Nagri, the officer said 227 acres of land would have helped in setting up of the premier educational institutions. Some self-centred people have spoiled the plan and image of the state.\"People in the state fail to realize that 200 or 300 acres of land for educational institutions will not only provide the world's best education at their doorstep but also bring economic boom in the area. Setting up of educational institutions will transform the place and provide business opportunity to hundreds of families,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15114974", "title": "Western Railway motormen yet to get show-cause notices", "text": "MUMBAI: The Western Railway (WR) administration has not yet summed up the courage to issue show-cause notices to motormen whose stir brought services to a halt for more than four hours on July 20. It was the second such disruption since November 2011.Around 450 motormen had taken mass sick leave to demand improvement in working conditions on July 20. But their main grouse was the proposed appointment of two 'rebel' motormen, who had not supported their earlier agitation, as instructors at the Mahalaxmi training school.Senior WR officials are feeling powerless to handle the indiscipline as they do not have the higher authorities' backing. A senior official said, \"We were on the verge of taking action on July 20. It could have worsened the situation in the short-term but been a boon in the long-term.\" As the stir prolonged, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan summoned general manager Mahesh Kumar to ensure an early resolution. \"It brought tremendous pressure on the administrators.\"Shailesh Goyal, member, Zonal User's Consultative Committee, said, \"It is setting a bad precedent.\" Bhavesh Patel, an activist, said NGOs may file a PIL.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15114537", "title": "Gopalgarh violence: BJP MLA Anita Singh questioned", "text": "JAIPUR: The CBI on Monday quizzed Anita Singh, BJP legislator from Nagar constituency in Bharatpur district, in connection with Gopalgarh violence that claimed 10 lives and left over 40 injured in September last year. She was called to the agency's headquarters in New Delhi where she was interrogated. Sources said that Zahida Khan, Congress MLA from Kaman constituency, is also likely to be questioned.The CBI had issued notices to Anita Singh and Zahida Khan asking them to be present before the CBI officials in New Delhi on July 23 and 24 respectively.A special CBI court had on March 14 ordered an investigation into the role of Zahida Khan, Anita Singh and a few others in the violence. Counsel for the accused had requested the court that a probe be ordered against some influential people for their role in provoking the residents. Zahida Khan and Anita Singh are both MLAs from Bharatpur district and had been active before and after the violence.Sources said Anita Singh was quizzed by the investigation officer of the case, ASP S S Kishore. Zahida Khan has been asked to come with her husband, the sources added.\"We have resumed our investigation into the case. A team of CBI officials had visited the mosque in Gopalgarh on Saturday. A well situated in the premises was inspected again,\" said the officer.However, the official refused to disclose details of Anita Singh's questioning.Ten people belonging to the Meo Muslim community were killed in the clashes and subsequent police firing at Gopalgarh when two communities entered into a violent confrontation over a piece of land on September 14, 2011. Gopalgarh police had registered nearly 20 FIRs implicating even public representatives in the aftermath of the incident.The CBI had in its chargesheet left investigations pending under Section 173(8) of the CrPC against unidentified persons who were involved in the incidents.As per the chargesheet, 15 people belonging to Gopalgarh, Pahari and nearby villages have been charged under various sections like Sections 302 (murder), 307 (attempt to murder), alongside Section 353 (assault or criminal force to deter public servant from discharging of his duties) of the IPC since a mob on September 14, 2011 had attacked the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15115280", "title": "632 snakes rescued in Indore during Nagpanchami", "text": "INDORE: The forest department rescued about 632 snakes from snake charmers in the city during Nagpanchami on Monday. All the rescued snakes were freed in Choral forest, said an official. The drive will continue on Tuesday also.\"We had formed three teams to rescue the snakes from the snake charmers on Nagpanchami and we managed to rescue about 632 snakes and all of them have been freed in the Choral forest,\" said district forest officer Saeed Khan adding that last year they had rescued around 400 snakes during Nagpanchami.Most of the snakes were rescued from the areas like Anupurna Mandir, Rajendra Nagar, Aerodrum Area, Vijay Nagar, Bicholi Mardana, Sudama Nagar and Mhow Nakka.Sub-divisional officer DO Abhay Jain said, \"Three teams were keeping a watch on the snake charmers right from the dawn and we were moving all across the city to rescue snakes from snake charmers. The drive continued till late evening and after that snakes were freed in the forest.\" He added that they were getting calls from different parts of city following which the teams were sent for seizing the snakes. Beside this, flying squads were also moving across the city looking for snake charmers. Team of Range Office rescued 287 sankes, while flying scot rescued 188, Ralamandal team rescued 144 and Sapana Churasia team rescued 20 snakes.\"We organise special drive on Nagpanchami as large number snake charmers came to city on this occasion. However, things have improved over the year now people inform forest official about the snake charmers. \"This year we get large number of calls from the people informing about the snake charmers,\" he said adding that this snakes were freed deep inside the forest. \"We take special precaution that snakes should not be freed near any village, snakes were freed at least 5 km from the villages,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "15115597", "title": "Cop-Red encounter in Seraikela district", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Security forces and Maoists were involved in an encounter in Seraikela-Kharaswan district in the wee hours of Monday. Reports reaching here said the two sides fired over 50 rounds during the two-hour long encounterin Palna Dam area.Police said the Maoist rebels retreated back with the break of dawn.\"No casualty was reported in the operation but we have collected empty cartridges that were fired by the rebels,\" said additional superintendent of police, operation, Deepak Kumar Sinha. He also said the forces carried out search operation in the area for long in the morning.As Palma Dam area is a Naxalite-hit zone, the ASP said forces will continue its operations in the zone on regular basis. \"This area still continues to be in the grip of Maoist commander Kudan Pahan,\" said a police officer of the Chowka police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15115311", "title": "Gutka worth Rs 3.98 lakh seized", "text": "PUNE: The Food and Drugs Administration (FDA) seized gutka worth over Rs 3.89 lakh from the house of a distributor in Ranjane village, Pandharpur taluka on Monday. After the ban on gutka and paan masala came into force, officials from the FDA, Pune, have seized banned goods worth over Rs 10 lakh so far.\"Our officials received a tip off that a distributor was ferrying the banned stuff in the interiors of Pandharpur taluka and adjoining areas. The officials conducted a raid and confiscated goods worth Rs 3.89 lakh from his house. It contained eight different brands of gutka,\" said Shahshikant Kekare, joint commissioner (food), Pune division.The officials sent a few samples of all brands to the FDA laboratory for testing. If the tests find that the samples contained magnesium carbonate and nicotine, the entire seized goods will be destroyed, an official said. \"If the samples are found to have magnesium carbonate, it comes under the unsafe food category. We can impose a penalty up to Rs 10 lakh,\" Kekare said. tnnMeanwhile, officials conducted surprise raids and inspection across Pune and its adjoining areas on Monday. \"We inspected a total of 188 premises in Pune division. In Pune alone, we inspected 60 establishments. But, we didn't find anything,\" Kekare said.Activists say that sale of gutka and paan masala was going on in clandestine manner in Pune. \"Habitual gutka users get gutka pouches from the shops they usually frequent. Officials need to use decoy customers to nab the law breakers,\" they say.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15113761", "title": "Police form teams to keep pickpockets in check", "text": "HYDERABAD: Fearing a rise in pickpocket gangs targeting Ramzan shoppers, police have formed several teams to check the crime.The gangs, involving women and children, usually strike at this time of the year preying on unsuspecting shoppers, especially women, in areas like Charminar, Lad Bazaar, Pathergatti, Madina and Patel Market.Charminar ACP R Ram Mohan said that teams in mufti have already been deployed at several places looking for suspicious elements in the crowd as well as those with a criminal record.An awareness campaign has also been initiated urging shoppers to be on guard. Posters displaying photographs of notorious pickpockets have been put on display at busy junctions.\"We are making appeals to shoppers, especially womenfolk, to be alert. While moving in crowded areas they should keep a close watch on their belongings,\" he said.\"Certain pickpocket gangs and individuals are already under surveillance. We will also be looking for those who have recently come out of prison.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15115272", "title": "Lab-made jellyfish to fix heart illness", "text": "WASHINGTON: Scientists have created an artificial jellyfish which they claim can be used to develop a new generation of biological pacemakers which do not need electrical signals.Researchers at the California Institute of Technology created the artificial jellyfish, called a medusoid, after studying the fast muscle contractions which propel the animals through the water.They put it in a tank of ocean-like salt water fitted with an electric current and managed to 'shock' it into synchronized movements like a real jellyfish.The creature is made from silicone and heart tissue from rats. Scientists said that, with more work, it could be engineered to pulsate by itself, as human hearts do.It could be used to create pacemakers that do not need electrical signals or even to engineer new organs after heart failure.Co-author Kevin Kit Parker , professor of Bioengineering and Applied Physics at Harvard, said he began the research because he thought scientists may have failed to understand how muscle pumping works.The study is published in Nature Biotechnology. \"I started looking at marine organisms that pump to survive. Then I saw a jellyfish at the New England Aquarium , and I immediately noted both similarities and differences between how the jellyfish and the human heart pump,\" he said. The medusoid, which has eight spindly arms, was built out of a jelly-like material, with the pattern of protein molecules in a real jellyfish printed on top of it.The researchers said this was a \"glimpse into the future of re-engineering whole organisms\" to advance medical technology. \"A big goal of our study was to advance tissue engineering,\" said lead author Janna Nawroth.\"We may also be able to engineer applications where these biological systems give us the opportunity to do things more efficiently, with less energy usage,\" said John Dabiri, a professor of aeronautics and bioengineering at Caltech. Pacemakers, which generally last between six and ten years, send electrical signals through the heart to stimulate it to contract.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "15115537", "title": "Policeman injured in accidental firing", "text": "RAJKOT: A cop received a bullet injury when the rifle he had taken from a watchman accidentally went off in his hand near Mavdi police headquarters on Monday.Police identified the injured cop as Jayubha Jhala from D staff. In another incident in the same area, two groups of people were at loggerheads over a long standing land dispute.\"Jhala was among the police officials who had rushed to the spot to prevent a clash like situation. Jhala said he had asked a security guard to hand over his rifle to him and while he was handling it, it went off in his hand. Jhala received a bullet injury in his hand and was rushed to Rajkot Civil Hospital, where his condition is stable,\" a police official said.The dispute over which two groups confronted each other pertains to a plot near Mavdi police headquarters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15114914", "title": "New software to taxpayers' rescue", "text": "GURGAON: To help out the taxpayers with tax return filings and other services, the income tax department has launched Aaykar Sampark Kendra (ASK), a new software-based facility.\"Gurgaon has high internet penetration and a large number of people here prefer e-filing of tax returns,\" said an official at local department office in Udyog Vihar. Explaining the process, he said, one can simply login to www.incometaxindiaefiling.gov.in and download the required ITR Form. \"The return can then be prepared offline, uploaded and signed digitally. After this, one can print the acknowledgement form to complete the process,\" said the IT official.The online system also allows taxpayers to check the status 10 days after filing the ITR. E-filing has already been made mandatory for all companies and individual taxpayers who need be audited under the Income Tax Act. For senior citizens and women, the local office has earmarked a separate lounge. \"To avoid queues and clutter, an air conditioned lounge has been arranged for them.\"With the help of the centralized ASK software, a taxpayer gets necessary information like the area of jurisdiction, etc. Also, earlier all the files were stamped manually.This was a time consuming task. Now, electronic stamping with bar-coding has not only fastened this process but also made it more foolproof. Over one lakh taxpayers in Gurgaon, including the corporates, are likely to benefit from the ASK initiative this year.The department has also installed token machines to avoid rush at the counters and information kiosk machines. These booths will provide all the information with the help of a 10-digit PAN number.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15115031", "title": "I did not sleep for 60 hours during 26/11 attacks: Abu Jundal", "text": "MUMBAI: Zabihuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal, who is being questioned for his involvement in the 26 /11 terror attacks in the city, told police that he did not sleep for 60 hours while handling operations from November 26, 2008. Jundal was continuously in touch with the Pakistani terrorists over the phone and guided them on how to go about the operations.Niket Kaushik, additional commissioner of police (crime branch ), said Jundal, who followed the Hanfi sect, began with the Ahle Hadees sect in 2003. \"In 2005, he began getting training in terror operations. He got in touch with the Lashkar-e-T aiba (LeT) through Aslam Kashmiri. Jundal was introduced to Kashmiri through another accused, Aamir Shaikh, from Aurangabad,\" said Kaushik. Shaikh and Kashmiri are in jail now.Jundal told investigators that the final touches for the 26 /11 operation were given four months prior to the attack. \"I did not sleep during the operation. I was entrusted with handling the gunmen in Mumbai,\" he told police. Jundal said he visited Nepal in 2005 and attended a meeting of LeT sympathizers. In 2006, after reaching Pakistan, he met militants in camps there. \"Jundal had easy access to Jamaat-ud-D awa (JuD) chief Hafiz Saeed in Pakistan. Jundal underwent terror training twice,\" said Kaushik, contradicting the Delhi police special cell's claim that he never underwent training as he was suffering from back pain.Observes fast in lock-up, unlike KasabAbu Jundal is observing roza (fast) in the crime branch lock-up. \"He told us he wants to observe a fast and adequate arrangements be made for him to have saheri (food at dawn) and iftaar to break his fast. We have agreed and made adequate arrangements,\" said crime branch officer Niket Kaushik. However, another terrorist, Ajmal Kasab , who was convicted in the 26/11 case, does not fast at the Arthur Road jail, police officials said. Jundal has been kept on the second floor of the lock-up. \"There is no one (else) on that floor. He wakes up at 3.30 am and has his saheri. Later, he offers prayers,\" said an officer. For iftaar, crime branch sleuths get him fruits, juice and other food. He breaks his fast after sunset.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15113437", "title": "Chhagan Bhujbal kin\u2019s company sold shares at 9,800% premium", "text": "MUMBAI: From owning mines and vineyards to holding stakes in power, infrastructure and construction companies, the family of NCP leader Chhagan Bhujbal , who started life in Mumbai as a vegetable vendor, has come a long way.Even as the public works department (PWD) minister fends off allegations of nepotism and corruption in the construction of the new Maharashtra Sadan building in Delhi, more revelations of his family's business interests are tumbling out.The latest development pertains to Parvesh Construction Pvt Ltd, a real estate firm jointly owned by Bhujbal's MLA son Pankaj and nephew Samir, who is an MP. The firm, which executes redevelopment projects across the city, sold shares worth Rs 100 each for a premium of Rs 9,900This translates into a stupendous rise of 9,800%. The company raised a total of Rs 65 crore in 2009 and 2011 this way.Documents accessed by TOI show the company last year allotted 39,930 shares to 11 little-known firms and raised close to Rs 40 crore. They are Ashok Investment Corporation Pvt Ltd, Discovery Buildcon Pvt Ltd, Greenline Vyapaar Pvt Ltd, Hingora Fabvest Pvt Ltd, Mangal Sago, Mine Tax Processors Pvt Ltd, Nihon Commodities Pvt Ltd, Presidency Merchants' Pvt Ltd, Sneha Residency Pvt Ltd, Sunview Retail Pvt Ltd and Universal Resources India. These firms are located in Kolkata, Surat, Mumbai and Navi Mumbai.Similarly in 2009, it raised Rs 25 crore by selling 25,600 shares to Malad-based Hingora Finvest Pvt Ltd at a premium of Rs 9,900 a share. Corporate observers said it was a mystery as to why companies would shell out such a huge premium for shares in a small construction firm.However, Samir Bhujbal denied any wrongdoing and said his company was seeking investors for its various projects. \"Those who bought our shares at a premium were also offered equity in our properties,'' he told TOI. \"We needed funds to commence these projects,'' he added. Parvesh Construction, he said, redevelops housing societies in Mahim, Bandra and Santa Cruz .Parvesh Construction also received large sums from Mumbai-based realty firm D B Realty and its subsidiary firms, Neelkamal Realtors &amp; Builders Pvt Ltd and Neelkamal Central Apt Pvt Ltd. A copy of a Saraswat Bank (Wadala Branch) statement of Parvesh Construction shows deposits of over Rs 20 crore between 2006 and 2008.Vinod Goenka, chairman of DB Realty, told TOI these payments were made by his partner's family (Balwas) to book six apartments in the Bhujbals' redevelopment project at St Monica Road in Bandra (West). \"The deal was fixed at Rs 26 crore. However, the agreement was cancelled and the money returned due to a payment dispute and the project failing to take off,'' said Goenka.Goenka denied allegations that this amount was paid to Parvesh as a quid quo pro for bagging the redevelopment rights of the Bandra (East) government colony, which DB Realty won two years ago. The contract was awarded by the PWD, which is headed by Bhujbal. \"The tender of the Bandra Government Colony was floated in April 2009 and we received the letter of intent in July 2010. Our agreement with Parvesh Construction was several years prior to our bagging the contract,'' Goenka added. Samir Bhujbal said his firm wanted an equity partner for his redevelopment project at St Monica Road. \"The deal with Balwa fell through,'' he said.The Bhujbals are the second political family from the Sharad Pawar-led NCP to be embroiled in controversy. Earlier, TOI had extensively reported about the business dealings and land holdings of state water resources minister Sunil Tatkare and his family.The IssueLast week TOI had exposed how the public works department (ministry headed by Chhagan Bhujbal) favoured a little-known contractor by awarding him a contract to build the Maharashtra Sadan guesthouse in Delhi and two public buildings in Mumbai without inviting tenders. The contractor, K S Chamankar, was granted development rights of a slum plot in Andheri worth over Rs 1,000 crore at current market rates against his investment of Rs 100 crore to build the three buildings for the PWD. Moreover, furniture for the new Maharashtra Sadan was procured from Ideen Furniture, a firm owned by Vishakha Pankaj Bhujbal and Shefali Samir Bhujbal. They are married to the minister's son and nephew respectively. The minister denied all allegations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "15115065", "title": "Beijing showcases Gujarat carnage in art exhibition", "text": "BEIJING: Even as an Indian delegation from Gujarat is exploring trade and business opportunities in China, an art exhibition in Beijing is showcasing atrocities on Muslims during the Godhra riots through a video presentation. The Godhra video is being screened at the 'Indian Highway' gallery organized by Serpentine Gallery, London , and the Astrup Feamley Museum of Modern Art, Oslo , Norway .The exhibition - the Indian ambassador to China S Jaishankar inaugurated it - contains a short film by Tejal Shah discussing the atrocities on Muslims in Gujarat during the Godhra riots, and its effect on Indian democracy. An accompanying description put up next to the TV monitor showing the video says, \"The video piece 'I love my India' addresses responses to a Muslim genocide...\"\"Take a gun and kill. That is the trend. There is no democracy left,\" one of the persons being interviewed in the film is shown as saying. \"The corrupt government is ruining it all,\" a woman is heard saying in the film, which has curiously been approved and tolerated by Indian officials in different countries.Another exhibit shows how foreign oil companies like ONGC and Indian Oil are threatening China's energy security. The art work by famous Chinese artist Wang Mai reflects Beijing's growing intolerance to ONGC's exploration work in South China Sea. The Chinese foreign ministry has repeatedly asked India to withdraw from oil exploration in islands disputed by China and Vietnam .Wang's work is a huge structure representing an offshore oil drilling platform in the sea with signs carrying names of foreign oil companies including ONGC, which are participating in the exploration and drilling in the disputed islands.It is being exhibited in the room adjacent to the halls containing the exhibits for the 'Indian Highway' gallery at Ullens Center of Contemporary Art in Beijing's famous 798 Art District.The 'Indian Highway' gallery also initially contained a video critical of the situation in Nagaland. But it was withdrawn following protests by some Beijing-based Indians, who felt that citizens of Communist China would not appreciate India's tradition of free political discourse.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15118536", "title": "Anna Paquin has no problems stripping off on screen", "text": "Actress Anna Paquin has revealed that she has no issues with exposing her body in front of a camera.The actress said that her 'True Blood' co-stars - including her husband Stephen Moyer and Alexander Skarsgard - are sensitive about showing off their bodies because they aren't used to being seen as objects of sexual desire.The boys are just a bit touchier about it because they are not used to being treated as an object, like women are. We don't really care - we are half-naked almost all the time anyway, aren't we?\" the Daily Telegraph quoted her as telling the German publication Spiegel.de.The 29-year-old said that she would miss True Blood producer Alan Ball , who will have a less hands-on role on the show after season five.Paquin joked that Ball has a lot of sleep to catch up on having been heavily involved in the program since before its 2008 launch.\"This is his opus. To be fair, the man hasn't slept a lot over the last years,\" she said.\"We need to face the truth: we are at our peak, but at some point even this superb show will come to its end,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15115778", "title": "9 axed pilots reinstated, AI tells Delhi HC", "text": "NEW DELHI:The Air India management on Monday told the Delhi HC it has revoked the sacking of nine of the 101 pilots and would sympathetically consider the other cases, which would be decided within four to six weeks.Justice Reva Khetrapal, taking note of the changed stand of the national carrier, allowed the airlines to withdraw its civil suit against the pilots, seeking to restrain them from resorting to strike. The AI management had filed applications seeking contempt proceedings against the pilots after their strike was held to be prima facie illegal.\"The suit is allowed to be dismissed as withdrawn. All the interim applications are dismissed and interim orders stand vacated. Any observations, made during the hearing or in any of the orders, shall not be construed as observation on merits,\" Justice Khetrapal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "ajnala", "code": "15115731", "title": "Farmer fears in dry Punjab", "text": "AJNALA: Patchy monsoon rain have added to farmers' woes in some parts of Punjab and many now talk of a possible drought hitting the area.Most farmers fear crops such as paddy, sugarcane, pulses, fodder crops, maize could be hit. They're already faced with several other problems, like poor availability of fodder crops, pricey fertilizers, pests, rising input costs and the fear of debts.\"This monsoon delay is unprecedented.Crops aredrying. Animals aren't getting water and fodder. If this isn't a drought-likecondition,what is?\" said Gurmukh Singh, 70, a farmer of Nangal Wanjawala village. Monsoon has played truant and official data say it has been 22% deficient than the long-period average .In Punjab, farmers stare at a grim future. Singh, who's worked in the fields since childhood, is surprised to see the climate change. He said out of his 16 acres, he has sown paddy in 14 because of delayed rains. \"I bought a generator for Rs 35,000. But running tubewells on it is expensive. So, I decided to sow other crops also,\" he said.Another Ajnala farmer, Raghubir Singh, said he spends Rs 2,500 on diesel to run a generator for 12hoursto water his seven acres. \"Diesel and fertilizer add to input costs and MSP isn't linked to production cost. So big losses are written on the wall.\"Farmersblamethe government for not living up to its promise of providing eight hours of power. \"We don't get more than three to five hours of electricity. This forces us to run tubewells on generators,\" said Avtar Sing, a farmer of Chheena Karam Singh Wala village. \"My cropsof cane and fodder would'vebeen standing more than five foot tall. Now they're just not growing,\" Gurnam Singh said. \"Until now,we'vespent an additional Rs 2,000 to Rs 2,500 per hectare on paddy.\" Poor fodder supply has hit milk production.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15114069", "title": "Again, few bid for Mhada\u2019s Dharavi plan", "text": "MUMBAI: Almost a month after reissuing the tender, Mhada has received a poor response for the bid for appointment of a project management consultant (PMC) and contractor to construct 344 apartments in its pilot project to redevelop Dharavi's Sector 5.It has received only two bids for PMC from firms and three from construction companies. The PMC bids will not be opened as norms stipulate the authority should receive more than three bids to boost transparency and competition. Mhada CEO Satish Gavai said that he hoped to take a decision soon.Dharavi MP Eknath Gaikwad (Congress) has warned against opening the bids \"for inadequate competition\". Gavai said while Gaikwad's view will be considered, not many companies fulfil the qualifying criteria for appointment of contractor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15113965", "title": "Two cops on bike hit by car on JJ flyover", "text": "MUMBAI: Two constables, Nagesh Shambhu (38), and Vijay Chauhan (35), were travelling on a motorbike on JJ flyover when they were hit by a car. The incident occurred on Monday afternoon. The car's driver, Rashid Ahmed Khan (42), requested another vehicle to take the two cops to hospital.\"Some motorists took down Khan's vehicle registration number and informed the police control room about it,\" said an officer from Pydhonie police station. Shambhu sustained severe head injuries and has been admitted to Bombay Hospital. Two-wheelers are not allowed on the JJ flyover.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15116861", "title": "Rajesh Khanna's bungalow Aashirwad was haunted", "text": "Sometime in the sixties, Carter Road was just a cluster of bungalows, mainly belonging to the East Indian community and Parsis. The only known bungalow facing the sea was Aashiyana built by the music director, Naushad, who had just tasted big success. There was another bungalow close to it; a two storeyed one in a decrepit and dilapidated state. People in the locality called it a haunted house aka bhoot bangla. There were no takers for it, and it stood there without anyone willing to buy it even when it was offered at dirt cheap prices.A friend brought the existence of the bungalow to the notice of Rajendra Kumar , who was then a young man, a victim of the Partition, who had just landed in Mumbai and made a name for himself in the industry. He was willing to buy the bungalow but didn't have enough money. He rushed to the well-known filmmaker B R Chopra and told him he was not only willing to do Kanoon (India's first songless film) but also two other films if he were paid in advance. The kind-hearted Chopra paid him Rs 90,000 in cash. Rajendra found out who the owner of the bungalow was, and sealed a deal for just Rs.60,000. He shifted there but not before consulting his best friend, actor Manoj Kumar . Now Manoj had heard of the bungalow being haunted, however he advised Rajendra not to take the stories seriously and instead perform a puja and move in.Rajendra gave the bungalow a new look and named it Dimple, after his daughter. He was so grateful to Manoj that he kept a room on the upper floor for Manoj's use at any time. He even named his son Manoj, who was to later become actor Kumar Gaurav. It was during the time Rajendra lived in Dimple that he saw the kind of success very few stars had seen. Every film he starred in was at least a jubilee, so much so he earned the moniker 'Jubilee Kumar'. He grew richer and built another bungalow at Pali Hill, which he again named Dimple.It was at the same time that a newcomer called Rajesh Khanna was taking his first big steps as a star. He came from a rich family and had even made enough money on his own. He realised Rajendra was looking for a buyer for his Carter Road bungalow and felt it would be a good investment. His superstition became his guide --- he believed Rajendra's success would rub on to him if he shifted there.After much begging and pleading, Rajendra finally decided to sell the bungalow to Rajesh for just Rs 31/2 lakh. Rajesh too wanted to name the bungalow Dimple, but Rajendra flatly refused because he had already named his Pali Hill bungalow by the same name. So, Rajesh shifted into the bungalow, gave it a fresh look, and called it Aashirwad.Call it superstition or whatever you may, his entire life and career changed as soon as he shifted there. Success chased him all the way till he became India's 'first superstar'. His belief or 'superstition' paid him rich dividends. It was in this same bungalow that he, by some quirk of fate, married a very young Dimple Kapadia , and this was the same bungalow which became more popular than any of Mumbai's famous sites. It was from here that he looked out of his window to see hundreds and thousands of people, mostly girls, waiting for hours, only to get a glimpse of him. It was in this bungalow that he planned all his moves, and sat with his friends drinking till late in the night, devising ways to increase his popularity. It was here that he saw the kind of success no other star has ever seen.However, this was also the bungalow that saw his fall from grace as one film after another flopped at the box office and a stage came when an actor called Amitabh Bachchan , with eight big flops to his name, struck gold with Zanjeer, and snatched away all the glory from the greatest superstar. Life was never the same for him again. His wife and children left him, and this house.Success also left with them. He reached a point where he had no work, no fans, and not even those so-called admirers, who made being with him their way to earn a livelihood. A time came when he stopped receiving even a single bouquet on his birthday and there was absolutely no fan mail (this was the same Rajesh who received love letters from girls inked in their blood). Finally, this one-time haunted house started haunting him and he spent most of his time in his office on Linking Road, going home only to sleep in a tiny bedroom in a corner. The story took a bizarre turn when he first fell sick and then never recovered, and finally it was from this bungalow that he had to leave the world forever.His daughters are now planning to convert Aashirwad into a Rajesh Khanna museum, but it is still very early to say. Whatever happens, the one-time haunted house will always be remembered as the house of the superstar Rajesh Khanna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "kokrajhar", "code": "15114853", "title": "Govt 'failure' to contain violence angers political, social organizations", "text": "KOKRAJHAR: Five days of continuous violence in Kokrajhar and Chirang districts has angered different political and social organizations of the state.The All India United Democratic Front (AIUDF), headed by perfume baron Badruddin Ajmal, has categorically said the minority community in BTC has lost trust in the government for failing to control the violence.AIUDF has strong following among the minority community in the state. \"For almost five days, a killing spree is on. But we don't see any strong measures from the government in controlling the situation. The minority community has completely lost trust on both the Assam government and the BTC administration. For how long, will people living in BTC areas will suffer from insecurity of their lives and property,\" said AIUDF general secretary Aminul Islam.A seven-member team of AIUDF met chief minister Tarun Gogoi in Guwahati on Monday, demanding to prevent further escalation of violence. AIUDF president Badruddin Ajmal will also tour violence-hit areas of Kokrajhar and Chirang district to help defuse the tension.Expressing concern over deteriorating law and order situation in the BTC, the BJP has demanded imposition of President's Rule in the state. \"The prevalent situation calls for President's Rule in the state. Law and order has significantly deteriorated in the state. The state government has utterly failed in providing security to lives and property,\" BJP national vice president and Guwahati MP Bijoya Chakraborty said.Organisations representing Bodo communities in the state have also vented anger as violence showed no signs of relenting.The Borosa Foundation for Peace Democracy and Human Rights (BFPDHR) has expressed apprehension that unless violence is stopped, relation between people of the two communities in BTC will be severely affected. \"We condemn violence in the strongest possible words. We are worried that if violence is not controlled, it is going to foment further communal hatred and endanger lives of common people,\" BFPDHR president Jebra Ram Mashahary said.Condemning the violence, All Bodoland Minority Students' Union (ABMSU) president Sultan Alam has appealed to people not to pay heed to mischief-mongers. \"Mischief-mongers are fanning the violence. We appeal to all sections of people to stay away from rumours. We also want the administration to play a proactive role in nabbing the miscreants involved in the violence,\" said Alam.The Bodo Sahitya Sabha (BSS) and Char Chapori Sahitya Parishad (CCSP) have also asked people not to use the violence to spread communal hatred. The two organisations, however, accused the government of not providing adequate security cover in remote areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "15115060", "title": "Two Dimasa militants caught, arms seized", "text": "SILCHAR: Two militants of Dimasa National Revolutionary Front (DNRF) have been arrested by security forces in the Maibong area of Dima Hasao district.Troops of Madras Regiment, under Headquarter 22 Sector ( Assam Rifles), launched a joint operation, along with police on Sunday, after on specific information about the presence of a group of armed cadres of DNRF in the rea.During the search, a group of militants opened fire on the security forces. In the encounter, two militants, including one injured, were apprehended. A search is on to catch the rest, said an army officer. A 5.56mm A1 Rifle and ammunition were seized from the hideout of the Dimasa militants, a source said.The militants were identified as Parjit Kemprai and Sanjandeep Haflongbar, residents of Gunjung village of Dima Hasao district. The injured ultra was given first aid by troops. The duo have been handed over to police. This is the third encounter between security forces and DNRF in the last two months.The DNRF, along with the NSCN (IM), was indulging in extortion, kidnapping and forcible recruitment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15112826", "title": "Disabled athletes cross new barriers", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Arjuna awardee Parul Parmar and Delhi Commonwealth Games finalist Kiran Tak became the first Indian female athletes to earn NIS diplomas in badminton and swimming respectively.Gujarat's Parul, a former world No. 1 in badminton for the challenged, and Rajasthan's Kiran, who has been an international swimmer since 2005, were of the opinion that a disabled athlete could understand the hurdles for the physically challenged. \"I wanted to do it in 2008 too but I was told that there are no training programmes for disabled athletes. But I was determined and I applied again in 2010. This time they accepted my application,\" said Kiran.\"Except running, we were as good as the other able athletes. I now want to guide other athletes to move ahead in life,\" added Parul.Badminton instructor at the NIS centre in Bangalore PN Sinha said: \"Not many disabled athletes apply for NIS diploma. Only one boy did his diploma from here few years back. But these two girls have showed that nothing is impossible.\"Parul's right leg was disabled due to polio when she was just three years old, and she fractured the same leg two years later. Her father, Dalsukh Parmar, who was a state-level shuttler, took Parul to the badminton court everyday, and that was the first step to her rehabilitation.Despite the handicap, Parul became the U-10, U-16 and U-19 Gujarat champion among able sportspersons at a stretch for 12 years.\"It was only after 2002 that I started playing in the disabled category in certain domestic and international events as I was not allowed to compete with able athletes in senior level competitions,\" the shutter, who is employed with the postal department in Ahmedabad, said.Kiran, despite being crippled, has been swimming since she was a child. \"Mom says that I was suffering from very high fever and the doctor gave me an injection. My fever was OK but I lost one leg,\" said the 26-year-old daughter of a Jodhpur gardener.But unlike Parul, whose achievements have been recognized by the state government, Kiran is still knocking on various doors for a job.\"The Rajasthan government doesn't have any sports quota for disabled athletes so I have not got a job so far. But I plan to go to Jaipur again, meet people at the sports ministry and request them to change their policy for people like us,\" added Kiran.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15114753", "title": "Bikers shoot at woman in northwest Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 22-year-old woman was allegedly shot at by two people in Vijay Vihar area of 5northwest Delhi. Four people had earlier been arrested in connection with a molestation case filed by the victim.Police suspect the same people were behind Monday's attack. The woman was returning home after buying fruits around 4pm on Monday, when two men on a bike waylaid her near the main market.They shot at her with a country-made pistol. The bullet hit her on the thigh. Passersby informed police, who took the victim to hospital. Hospital sources said the victim was out of danger.A case of attempt to murder was registered. Cops swung into action and four people were apprehended within hours of the incident. Accused Sunil was identified by the woman as one of the shooters. He was her neighbour's aide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15113845", "title": "Poll case against Anant Shet being probed: Parrikar", "text": "PANAJI: A case against deputy speaker and Mayem MLA Anant Vishnu Shet and two other accused relating to the alleged violation of the election code of conduct through use of money power during the run-up to assembly elections on March 3 is being investigated by Old Goa police.Chief minister Manohar Parrikar , who holds charge as minister for elections, told this to Congress MLA Aleixo Reginaldo Lourenco in a written reply to his unstarred question in Goa assembly on Wednesday.Parrikar further stated in his written reply that the investigation (Cr No 29/2012 under Section 171-E-511, 188 read with 34 of IPC dated March 3, 2012) has been initiated after a written complaint by Prabhakhar Desai, senior executive magistrate, appointed for Mayem assembly constituency.Cash amounting to 3 lakh was found in a jeep (GA-04-C-0469), which is registered in Shet's name. The case was registered and is being now investigated by PSI Suraj Samant of Old Goa police station.Two other accused, Kashinath Vasant Satardekar, a resident of Tirthbhag, Mayem and Kishore Harichandra Gaonkar, a resident of Bhatwadi, Cudchirem, were arrested on March 3 and Shet on March 4 and all were subsequently released on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15113950", "title": "Courts can decide marriage under J&K; Act, says HC", "text": "MUMBAI: In a significant judgment, the Bombay high court on Monday held that Hindu women whose marriage is solemnised in Jammu &amp; Kashmir are free to file for divorce before a family court in any other state under the provisions of the Hindu Marriage Act.The verdict delivered by a bench of Justices Ajay Khanwilkar and Nitin Jamdar comes as a relief to a 42-year-old Hindu woman Sarita Lalchand (name changed) who was married in 1993 to a Hindu man in Jammu under the Jammu &amp; Kashmir Hindu Marriage Act, 1980. Her husband Sanjay (name changed) opposed her divorce petition which was filed on grounds of cruelty under the Hindu Marriage Act, which is a Central law applicable throughout India, except J&amp;K.;The husband through his lawyer Uday Warunjikar said that since the marriage was performed in J&K; under the law prevalent in the state, any divorce petition could only be filed in courts in Jammu and not in other states. Besides, he said he was domiciled in Jammu and hence his wife was not entitled to seek divorce outside J&amp;K.;The Bandra family court in March 2009 rejected his contention and held that the wife was legally entitled to seek divorce in Mumbai where she was residing when she sought one. She wanted permanent custody of their two sons born in 1994 and 1998 and also demanded Rs 2 crore as alimony. Her lawyer Mrinalini Deshmukh and her son Vikramaditya argued that Sanjay's argument, if upheld, would violate right to equality of Hindu women and create a situation where Hindu women married in states other than J&K; could seek divorce from courts in states other than the one they were married in but Hindu women marrying in J&K; would have to file and pursue cases only in Jammu even if they had shifted out. The Hindu Marriage Act, as it stands, allows women to seek divorce in courts situated where they are residing at the time of filing it and it does not have to be their matrimonial home.The bench held that there is no bar under the the J&K; Hindu Marriage Act against filing under the Central law and there is no provision under the Hindu Marriage Act that says if a marriage is solemnised in an area outside its purview, a divorce petition would be barred under it. \"Both options co-exist,\" said the judges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15115652", "title": "Chandigarh Transport Undertaking given details about schoolkids", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The UT education department on Monday sent details of 4,600 children from 66 government schools to Chandigarh Transport Undertaking (CTU) for availing common bus service facility proposed by UT administration.Earlier, CTU had received nearly 2,900 applications from only 23 schools but then the education department asked other government schools to provide details of students who wish to get the bus passes and on Monday various schools sent back the details to the department. \"We have sent details like the number of students who travel by public transports and need fare concession to CTU. If availed, these passes would help students in curbing their expenditure and it will be safe for them as they won't have to change buses to reach schools,\" said an official from the education department.This was done as CTU had said that once they get details of students they will think of adding new routes and ply more buses. A CTU official said, \"There are 275 buses plying at present but the number of students travelling has increased. Seeing the demand we will add more buses and routes will be decided.\"For this service, passes would cost Rs 60 per month. The proposed plan by CTU for increasing routes and buses will also have room for children from region, travelling to and from Chandigarh, Panchkula, Zirakpur and Mohali.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15115203", "title": "US raises arms sales pitch to India to 'contain' China", "text": "NEW DELHI: After describing India as \"a linchpin\" in its new strategic policy to \"re-balance\" military forces towards Asia-Pacific, in what is seen by many to be an unfolding grand design to \"contain\" China, the US is now cranking up its arms sales pitch to New Delhi.From ballistic missile defence (BMD) and aeronautics to robotics and micro-UAVs (unmanned aerial vehicles), the US is eager to collaborate with India in top-end defence technology in a bid to displace countries like Russia, Israel and France as the pre-eminent defence supplier to India.India plans to spend upwards of $100 billion in acquiring weapon systems and platforms over the next decade. Having already bagged defence deals worth over $8 billion over the last few years, the US is obviously hungry for more.\"As a country committed to enduring peace and security in the Asia-Pacific region, India deserves the best military equipment available... India is a top priority in our export considerations,\" said visiting US deputy secretary of defence Ashton B Carter on Monday.\"Practically, we want to be India's highest-quality and most trusted long-term supplier of technology...We trust India and know India is not a re-exporter or exploiter of our technologies,\" he added, speaking at a CII function.Carter, who held talks with defence minister A K Antony, national security advisor Shiv Shankar Menon, defence secretary Shashikant Sharma and foreign secretary Ranjan Mathai during the day, said New Delhi had emerged Washington's second largest FMS ( foreign military sales) customer in 2011 with imports worth $4.5 billion.India has certainly shed its long-held suspicions about the US not being a reliable long-term defence supplier to India, in part due to continuing problems with Russian propensity to jack-up costs mid-way through projects and not provide proper transfer of technology and product support.But it still remains wary about whether the US will really provide cutting-edge defence technology.Carter stressed US and India will move beyond mere defence trade, or a buyer-seller relationship, to joint R&D; and co-production in the years ahead. He identified BMD as a potential area for this defence cooperation but said the two nations should first discuss it at the \"strategic\" level before engaging in technical discussions.\"We want to knock down any remaining bureaucratic barriers in our defence relationship, and strip away the impediments...Buying American systems, whether through direct commercial sales or FMS, will get India exceptionally high-quality technology, a high degree of transparency, and no corruption (this is mandated by our legal system),\" he said.The Indian defence ministry, too, seems to favour the direct government-to-government agreement under the American FMS system. India, for instance, is now close to inking $647 million contract for the acquisition of 145 M-777 ultra-light howitzers from the US in a FMS deal. This comes after the finalization of another such deal worth $4.1 billion for 10 C-17 Globemaster-III strategic airlift aircraft.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "15114877", "title": "Kannada Sahitya Parishat opposes English medium in government schools", "text": "DHARWAD: Members of the Dharwad district unit of Kannada Sahitya Parishat (KSP) staged a protest here, opposing the state government's decision to introduce English as a medium of instruction from Class VI in 341 government higher primary schools.In a memorandum addressed to the chief minister and submitted through the deputy commissioner, the protesters urged the government to withdraw its decision and take action against unauthorized English medium schools.English should be taught as a language from first standard, and a uniform policy for education in mother tongue should be implemented. Recommendations of the Sarojini Mahishi Committee should be extended to the private sector also to ensure job security for Kannada medium students, the memorandum said.They urged the government to attract the students to government Kannada medium schools by providing better infrastructure and also to provide professional higher education in the state in Kannada medium.They demanded that 80% reservation should be provided for Kannada medium students in jobs. Nationalization of all non-Kannada private schools, a scientific education policy, and discussion with experts to solve problems in the education field were among the other demands of the protesters.Kannada Sahitya Parishat district unit president Lingaraj Angadi, honorary secretaries Anil Desai, Y M Bhajantri, and others led the protest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15118473", "title": "Riz and Kate Hudson share great chemistry in Mira's film", "text": "Director Mehreen Jabbar, the Pakistani consultant for Mira Nair's 'The Reluctant Fundamentalist', talks about the film opening the 69 th Venice International Film FestivalIt's time to rejoice for film buffs from the Indian subcontinent what with the news of Mira Nair's \"The Reluctant Fundamentalist opening the 69 th Venice International Film Festival on August 29. Nair, who won the Golden Lion in 2001 for \"Monsoon Wedding\", will return to the Venice Film Festival for the fifth time. In 1991, her \" Mississippi Masala\" was in competition.In 2002, she was at the same festival with the episode from the collective film titled \" 11'09\"\"1 September 11\". This film received the UNESCO Award too. In 2004, her \" Vanity Fair \" was in competition at the prestigious festival.For those not in the loop, Mira's film is an adaptation of Mohsin Hamid's novel and is a political thriller that follows the story of a young Pakistani man, chasing corporate success on Wall Street , who ultimately finds himself embroiled in a conflict between his American Dream, a hostage crisis, and the enduring call of his family's homeland.In a statement describing the choice of Nair's movie as the opening film, the director of the 69th Venice Film Festival, Alberto Barbera , said: \"The Festival's opening night will feature a film that provides much food for thought. It is a choice that intends to highlight the growing role of female creativity in all spheres of culture and contemporary society. Mira Nair has made an exemplary film adaptation of a novel that deals with the topical issue of fundamentalisms of any kind or nature. With great sensitivity, subtlety and remarkable sense of cinematic narrative, the director is never reluctant to take a difficult stand, inspired by profound ethical and moral reasons that, although choosing to face reality, still reject its compromises and aberrations.\"Shot in Delhi, Istanbul, New York and Atlanta, the film stars Riz Ahmed, Kate Hudson, Kiefer Sutherland , Liev Schreiber , Martin Donovan , Om Puri , Shabana Azmi , Haluk Bilginer and Meesha Shafi. While director Shimit Amin has edited the movie, the costumes have been done by Arjun Bhasin.Director of \"Ramchand Pakistani\", Mehreen Jabbar, who was the Pakistani consultant of the movie, is thrilled with the news. Says Jabbar from New York, \"I've seen the film and loved it. I am very excited about the news. Venice is a great festival. Mira is in Uganda now and I have e-mailed her after I heard the news.\" Ask Jabbar what she has liked about Nair's work in the film and she says, \"It is a very well told and thought out story. Mira made a complex subject very watchable and riveting. I can't say more till the film is released.\"Speaking about the release, does she think the movie will get screened in Pakistan though only the B rolls (shots of the city) were done in Pakistan. \"I don't know the dates but I am sure it will release. The film is set in Pakistan and is written by a Pakistani author and has Pakistani characters.\" As for Riz Ahmed, Jabbar says, \"He is a very intense and focused actor and brings that to this film. Riz has practically owned the character. He is also a very smart actor and has really sunk his teeth into this role. His on-screen chemistry with Kate Hudson is very good too. Mira has made a great film and I think, everyone should watch it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15114091", "title": "Government seeks new formula for remission of jail terms", "text": "HYDERABAD: This Independence Day some prisoners have a chance of rediscovering freedom if the powers that be manage to carry through a proposal to put in place a system of early release of convicts by finalizing appropriate guidelines. The government has asked the prisons department to draw up some regulations for the release of prisoners.With convicts, especially lifers, appealing for remission, the government has decided to study the scope for granting freedom to prisoners who have served a certain portion of their sentence. Although there is already a provision for appeal for leniency, the government has specifically asked for some new guidelines to be drafted to supplement the existing ones.\"We have already sent our suggestions on the possible guidelines to the government which had sought our views on the matter,\" TP Das, the director-general of prisons, told TOI.Das, however, added that it was for the government to take a decision on whether to adopt any recommendations. It may be mentioned here that on Independence Day and for the occasion of Republic Day, the government chooses to grant remission to a certain category of prisoners who are consequently set free.Although the demand is there for releases on both occasions, the government may choose one of the occasions.In 2004, more than 1,000 prisoners had obtained release from jails across the state following a decision by the government to grant remission to prisoners who fulfilled certain criteria. However, that fit of leniency attracted criticism when it was discovered that even a terrorist had managed to secure release.In 2008, the government's decision to release prisoners once again drew flak as it was felt that some fresh guidelines had been drafted especially with an eye on enabling the release of Gouru Venkat Reddy, a Congress leader from Kurnool. On that occasion 317 prisoners from across the state, including Gouru Venkat, who was serving a 10-year murder term, earned release.The Congress leader had served six years of his sentence.The state government also released certain category of prisoners during Republic day last year.Lately, there has been a request from lifers that they be considered for remission of sentence if they have completed seven years in jail. Then there is also a request for special consideration for aged prisoners.Remission of sentence is granted for unblemished behaviour as an inmate, and when he is sent on parole and furlough, he returns to the prison in time. The inmate should also be in close contact with his family. All this necessarily forms part of the criteria. Maoist prisoners in the state have also been asking for remission and release and, on Monday, they resorted to a hunger strike in state jails to draw attention to their demands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15113969", "title": "SC slashes govt\u2019s discretionary Haj quota from 5,050 to 300", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday increased the chance of a commoner to avail subsidized travel to Mecca by drastically slashing the central government's discretionary quota to nominate Haj pilgrims from 5,050 to just 300.In addition, the court also reduced the discretionary quota of Haj Committee of India from 500 to 200. This means, from a total 5,550 discretionary quota of Haj pilgrims cornered by the government and Haj Committee, the court has made available 5,050 to devout Muslims who intend to perform the pilgrimage but lack the means.The government had said these 5,050 seats would be allocated for 2013 Haj \"on the basis of recommendations from the offices of President of India, Vice-President, Prime Minister, external affairs minister, minister of state for external affairs, 33 Union Cabinet minister, 31 governors and lieutenant governors, 30 chief ministers, members of Parliament, eminent persons and senior government officers\".A bench of Justices Aftab Alam and Ranjana P Desai, which two months ago had directed the government to abolish subsidy for annual Haj pilgrimage in 10 years by reducing it in a phased manner, took exception to the width of the term \"dignitaries\" mentioned in the MEA affidavit.It told attorney general G E Vahanvati that the number of dignitaries who could nominate 300 pilgrims for Haj from the discretionary quota needed to be drastically reduced and said while President could nominate 100, vice-president and prime minister could recommend 75 each and minister for external affairs 50.The MEA's affidavit, filed through advocate Haris Beeran, said though the government had a discretionary quota of 2,550 pilgrims, the figure swelled to 5,050 as the Saudi Arabian government directly allotted 3,000 seats to the Bohra community. The Centre had kept 2,500 seats for the Bohra community but the direct allotment by Saudi government freed the seats for discretionary quota.On May 8, the court had directed the Union government to gradually reduce and abolish Haj subsidy in 10 years and invest the amount -- averaging over Rs 650 crore a year for last five years -- in education and other measures for social development of the minority community.\"We direct the central government to progressively reduce the amount of subsidy so as to completely eliminate it within a period of 10 years from today,\" it had said despite an earlier apex court ruling upholding the constitutional validity of Haj subsidy.The court had said it had no authority to speak on behalf of the minority community and that it would be presumptuous to tell Muslims what was good or bad religious practice. But it had cited Quran to say that Haj was mandatory only for those who could afford the expenses for travelling, food and accommodation.\"We have no doubt that a very large majority of Muslims applying to the Haj committee for going to Haj would not be aware of the economics of their pilgrimage and if all the facts are made known, a good many of the pilgrims would not be very comfortable in the knowledge that their Haj is funded to a substantial extent by the government,\" the bench had said while reminding the community about Quran's verse 97 in Surah 3, Al-e-Imran, which mandated that Muslims should undertake Haj only if they could afford it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15117685", "title": "Students present 'Taj Mahal' inspired collection", "text": "As students of this fashion design institute gave a preview to the final fashion presentation in Sector 8 recently, it was a clear insight into the design sensibilities of these students.Nuanced with intricate embellishments, artistic textures, contemporary colours, 'Designer Medley 2012' explodes with creativity.Before this presentation is showcased by some leading models to a discerning panel of audiences, students sashayed around wearing their own creations for this preview. Themed variously, the collection drew its inspiration from the Taj Mahal , handicrafts of Manipur, goddess Panthoibi, art of mosaic, mehendi, traditional makeover of art forms, wood carving, traits and the cob web etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15116683", "title": "US presidential award for three Indian American scientists", "text": "WASHINGTON: US President Barack Obama has named three Indian American scientists among 96 researchers as recipients of the Presidential Early Career Awards for Scientists and Engineers.The awards bestowed on Sridevi Vedula Sarma from the prestigious Johns Hopkins University and Pawan Sinha and Parag A Pathak both from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), is the highest honour given by the US Government to science and engineering professionals in the early stages of their independent research careers.\"Discoveries in science and technology not only strengthen our economy, they inspire us as a people,\" Obama said.\"The impressive accomplishments of today's awardees so early in their careers promise even greater advances in the years ahead,\" the US President said.Established in 1996, the awardees are selected for their pursuit of innovative research at the frontiers of science and technology and their commitment to community service as demonstrated through scientific leadership, public education, or community outreach.An associate professor of computational and visual neuroscience in the Department of Brain and Cognitive Sciences at MIT, Sinha received his undergraduate degree in computer science from the Indian Institute of Technology, New Delhi and his Masters and doctoral degrees from the Department of Computer Science at MIT.Sinha's experimental work at the MIT involves studying the vision impaired, including children with autism and a unique population of children in India who have recovered sight following prolonged periods of congenital blindness.In this context, Professor Sinha has launched a humanitarian and scientific initiative named \"Project Prakash\"The goal of this project is not only to derive clues regarding the nature and development of high-level visual skills, but also to help blind children get treatment and to create rehabilitation routines to help them overcome visual impairments.Sridevi Sarma is assistant professor, Department of Biomedical Engineering, Institute for Computational Medicine at the John Hopkins University.Sarma received the BS degree in Electrical Engineering from Cornell University, in 1994; and an MS and PhD degrees in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1997 and 2006, respectively.She was a Postdoctoral Fellow in the Brain and Cognitive Sciences Department at MIT, Cambridge, from 2006-2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15114340", "title": "Lakshmi reminded me of a smiling face: Ex-INA colleague", "text": "LUCKNOW: Monday marked the end of a chapter in the life of India, when one of the founding members of Azad Hid Fauj, Captain Lakshmi Sahgal, died in coma in a Kanpur hospital. But, for her colleagues of the erstwhile Indian National Army, which was raised in Singapore in 1943, Captain, as she was fondly called, will always symbolise hope, inspiration and optimism.Mourning the loss, retired Lieutenant Sudhindra Kumar Bardhan, who fought the British as a member of the Azad Hind Fauj, said, \"The death of Lakshmi Sahgal is indeed a huge loss for the nation. Even after retiring from active political life, she used to serve the needy and the poor. However, I was mentally prepared for the event as chances of recovery after slipping into coma are indeed bleak. Due to health reasons, I could not go out of Lucknow, as I would have loved to be in Kanpur, and pay my last respect to the departed soul.\"Recalling his fond association with Captain Lakshmi Sahgal, Lieutenant Bardhan, said, \"It was in 1940s that Lakshmi Swaminathan arrived in Singapore, and she voluntarily offered her services to the Azad Hind Fauj. As a person, she was very good, agile and commanded the respect of each and every member of the Fauj. In fact, she is a true symbol of a patriot. Although, Lakshmi was popularly known as Captain among her ardent fans, supporters and well wishers, she held the post of a Colonel in the Azad Hind Fauj.\"The former Azad Hind Fauj officer also clearly remembers the smiling face of his senior colleague, when she visited his residence in Lucknow's Rabindrapalli locality. \"She spoke to my family members and we recalled the good and bad days of the INA and the post-independence era.\"After the arrival of Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose in Singapore from Germany via Japan on October 21, 1943, the provisional government of Azad Hind was formed, which was recognised by nine nations, including Germany, Italy, Japan, Burma, Philippines and Croatia. It was here that Netaji expressed his desire to have a female regiment in the Azad Hind Fauj. \"He was of the view that both men and women must march with each other and participate in the against the British, and he was of the view that women are competent enough to handle even combative roles as well, a concept, which was initially ridiculed even at the international level,\" said Bardhan, as he recalled his days in the INA.The commander of the 500-member strong Rani of Jhansi regiment along with members of the regiment took extensive training under the guidance of the experts in rifles. The regiment was part of the Azad Hind Fauj's auxiliary wing. \"There main job was to man the rear defence lines,\" Bardhan said and added that the regiment was able to march near India-Myanmar border.On being asked to throw light on the personal life of Lakshmi Swaminathan and Prem Kumar Sahgal, Bardhan said, \"It was at the Burma front that they came in contact with each other, and later got married in March 1947 in Lahore. After their marriage, they settled in Kanpur. During the Red Fort trials (involving Colonel PK Sahgal, Colonel GS Dhillon and Colonel Shahnawaz Khan), Lakshmi was in Singapore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15113683", "title": "Rajesh Khanna paid tribute by Alma mater", "text": "MUMBAI: Students and staff of K C College at Churchgate organized a programme to pay tribute to one of their most celebrated alumni, Rajesh Khanna , on Monday afternoon.The event started with an audio-visual show, for which the students chose some of Khanna's best moments on screen. This was followed by Khanna's co-actresses, Bindu and Poonam Dhillon, reminiscing their days with the superstar. \"Kakaji had a fan following beyond anybody's imagination. Once, when leaving after a shoot, we found his car covered with lipstick marks,\" said Bindu, who also recalled Khanna's love for food, especially chicken biryani.Dhillon recounted how she stepped into Bollywood with Khanna's help and guidance. \"He told me, when I was just 13, that I would fit into the film industry. At that time, I hadn't even thought of a career,\" she said.The programme ended with a nostalgic talk by Lallan Chacha, a staffer, who had seen Khanna when he was years away from his stardom. \"He used to practise his plays in our auditorium till midnight and I would wait until he left. He won many awards in acting even as a student. Everyone liked him as he treated all with respect,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15114395", "title": "Guns seized at Howrah station", "text": "KOLKATA: Two persons were arrested and five country-made pistols were recovered from them at Howrah station on Monday morning.The duo - Shahid Hossain, 19, and Asraful Islam, 21, were arrested as soon as they got off Down Jamalpur Express on Platform No. 11.Government Railway Police (GRP) sources said Shahid and Asraful had actually planned to get off at Burdwan and hand over the firearms to a local contact there. It's not yet clear to the GRP why they did not do that, said an officer.This is not the first time that firearms have been recovered from passengers of Howrah-bound Jamalpur Express. On July 11, suspended CRPF constable Lakshman Rao was arrested for carrying several firearms. On July 16, the GRP arrested Anup Kumar Adak, an Army jawan for a similar offence. Adak, however, was on leave. Expressing concern over such incidents of carrying firearms from Bihar, the superintendent of railway police (Howrah), Mrinalkanta Das, said he had spoken to Bihar police on this issue. \"We have started an investigation,\" the SRP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15114912", "title": "Surat dreams up international cricket stadium", "text": "SURAT: One of the fastest growing cities in the world is lagging behind in one aspect - producing international class cricketers. But the Diamond City may soon catch up with the Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) planning an international class cricket stadium not far from the city's centre.SMC's plan includes constructing a stadium spread over 1.18 Lakh sq m in Pal-Palanpore area of the western part of the city that can seat one lakh people. The ruling BJP councilors say they want to complete the work in three years. The proposed site is nearly 16 km from Surat railway station and about 10 km from city center.\"The town planning scheme has been preliminarily approved. We have asked for change of purpose in few plots, shifting of plots and merger of all the plots in one for the purpose of construction of the stadium,\" said Kanti Bhanderi, chairman of the TP committee of SMC. \"Some of these plots are already reserved for sports, parking and commercial use.The land itself will cost Rs 180 crore. The total project cost is likely to be Rs 225 crore. \"We are not looking at the cost, but at giving the city and a world class facility,\" said Purnesh Modi, city BJP president. SMC officials have written a letter to Gujarat Cricket Association, asking for technical details and criteria for international class stadium.SMC wants a large portion of the stadium to be air-conditioned. It will have three tiers of seating arrangements with the last tier having cement and concrete seats. There will also be hospitality boxes for nearly 2,000 people and parking facility for at least 15,000 cars and 30,000 two-wheelers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15114699", "title": "Ahmedabad police identify three more rowdy bikers", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Sola police officials probing the arson of July 19 said they have identified two adults and a minor involved in the incident in which a dozen bikes were set ablaze.Police, however, did not give a clean-chit to seven other teens who were let go after questioning. Police, which allowed the teens to go as they are under age, stated that during the course of investigation if their involvement is established in more such incidents that occurred in the past, they will be sent to judicial custody.A total of 10 youths were rounded up and cross-examined separately and technical surveillance was used to ascertain their locations early on July 19 morning. B R Patel, assistant commissioner of police, B Division, said that Yash Ahir, 19, Yash Modi, 19, and Kunal, 18, have been found involved in the case.\"Probe is on to find out who others were involved in the arson that day. We've also chalked out the route taken by the bikers,\" said Patel, adding that the trio has been booked under IPC section 435 related to arson of the property.Police also learned that the group consisting of 10 to 12 youths has hangouts in various spots in western city parts. The crime started when they began stealing petrol from parked vehicles to roam around in the city. Areas such as Shastrinagar, Akhbarnagar, Vadaj, IIM crossroads and SG Highway were targeted for the activity.\"In the questioning, they also confessed that on July 8, they had torched a parked bike near HL College of Commerce where Yash Ahir and seven others were involved. On July 10, the group targeted a Hyundai Verna car parked near AEC crossroads. They threw petrol and then ignited the car on the engine, but due to damp air and subsequent light showers, the car got saved from a major fire,\" said a Sola police official.Police have identified Kunal as the group leader who used to be in touch with other youths and gather them at one spot before going on rampage. While Ahir is a student of class XII at an English medium school in Mirzapur, Modi is a student of first year of BBA course at a college of Gujarat University. Kunal is class XII student in Satellite.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15117684", "title": "\u2018120 Minutes\u2019 is a complete thrill and suspense", "text": "The new film '120 Minutes' is coming with a combination of thrill and suspense. Ganesan Kamaraj is the director of the film. The story and script is written by Ganesh Kamaraj himself.Nishan, Kalabhavan Mani,Riyas Khan,Jayaprakash,Sadhique,Sanjan Sing and Ashitha are the stars of the movie. Ganesan Kamaraj was the assiant director of the famous Tamil film 'Gajini'. Source: keralaboxoffice.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15113910", "title": "Hooda promises speedy probe", "text": "NEW DELHI: Promising a speedy probe and trial, Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda appointed criminal lawyer K T S Tulsi as public prosecutor against all workers involved in the Manesar violence. For the first time after the incident, the top management of Maruti Suzuki India Ltd (MSIL) met the Haryana CM to discuss the recent unrest. An MSIL source told TOI that the chief minister has assured them of a fast-track court for trial.At a media conference held at the Haryana Bhavan, the CM declared that \"those who are behind the incident will not be spared\". Hooda, however, ducked a question about the action to be taken against the Maruti union. In the closed-door meeting, MSI chairman R C Bhargava, managing director and CEO Shinzo Nakanishi and chief operating officer (Administration) S Y Siddiqui, explained the exact sequence of events.\"The Haryana government is providing all the support to enhance safety in the Manesar region. The government had promised to uproot the problems so that confidence is built. The company will provide all the necessary help needed for the police investigation,\" said Bhargava.The management, meanwhile, did not take questions on the duration of the lockout. \"Until the injured executives and other senior officials get completely well and are discharged from hospital, nothing can be said. They are still under a state of shock and trauma,\" said a senior company official.The company management assured that the SIT would be given the details of the internal probe carried out after the incident.Meanwhile, on Monday, a Gurgaon court issued non-bailable warrants against 12 accused, including the Maruti workers' union president and members. The five accused who were arrested on Sunday were produced in a city court, which remanded one of them in police custody for five days and the rest for two days.\"We are conducting raids to arrest the main accused and have interrogated the six who are in our custody. Those against whom arrest warrants have been issued include Rammehar, resident of Guriyani village in Rewari district and president of Maruti workers' union; Sarvjeet, general secretary of the union and resident of Sangroor in Punjab; Sandeep; Ajmer Singh; Pradeep; Pawan; Rambilas; Bambi and others,\" said a senior police officer.Earlier on July 18, 99 workers had been arrested and lodged in the Bhondsi jail after a court remanded them in judicial custody for 14 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15118514", "title": "The R - factor in Kannada industry", "text": "What do you think Dwivediof when we say 'R' factor in Kannada cinema. Yes ! we are talking about Ramya and Rakshita; the contemporaries now replaced by Radhika Pandit and Ragini Dwivedi.The era of Ramya alias Divya Spandana started from 'Abhi' and Rakshita as actress started from 'Appu'. Both of them made debut with Puneeth Rajakumar films.In the last ten years Ramya has conquered a very good position and her political back up has given her an extra edge. She is still unmarried. A decade in the life of Ramya took her to Tamil and she showed her exemplary acting talent. For Rakshita besides acting, the revealing costumes kept her moving ahead. She gave up acting for marriage and then for politics. After giving birth to a child Rakshita joined the BSR Party in Karnataka. She is in a rival party of her contemporary actress Ramya.For the two bubbly heroines - Radhika Pandit and Ragini Dwivedi - touching performance and glam looks are the assets carrying them forward today. Radhika Pandit has put behind Ramya with her eight films in three years of career. Ragini Dwivedi for her mesmerizing looks is considered as a good replacement for Rakshita. Radhika Pandit shot in to fame with Moggina Manasu and Ragini Dwivedi from Veera Madhakari with Sudeep.Radhika Pandit's first film 18th Cross has not released so far, while Ragini Dwivedi's debut film Holi got released and it was a wash out.The 'R' factor in Kannada cinema is very strong.Source: filmglitz.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15117671", "title": "Quota case hearing in Madras high court today", "text": "CHENNAI: The Tamil Nadu government's present stand on its 69 per cent reservation policy in education will be known today, as the Madras high court takes up the new writ petition against the quota regime today fir further hearing. The petition, jointly filed by 12 plus two students from forward class communities, wants provisional admission to all of them in MBBS courses in Tamil Nadu.Senior advocate K M Vijayan, pointing out that the Supreme Court has permitted only 50 per cent reservation, has sought access to a report submitted to the Tamil Nadu government by the state backward class commission justifying the continuance of 69 per cent reservation in the state.In 2010, the Supreme Court remanded a 16 year old case on the matter back to the state government, with a direction to the BC commission in Tamil Nadu to justify enhanced quota in the stare with adequate data.Last week, a single judge had asked the state government to furnish a copy of the report to the students. The issue of provisional admission to 12 open category students in MBBS course, however, was not acceded to.Today, the state government is expected to make its policy position on the politically sensitive issue, clear in the high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15115489", "title": "Arjun shares Everest experience with school students", "text": "RANCHI: Students of Army Public School on Monday got an opportunity to interact with Arjun Vajpayee (16), the youngest mountaineer of the country to scale Mt Everest.Arjun was in the city to interact with the students and shared his experience of conquering the highest mountain in the world with them at the Albert Ekka Central Institute here. During the interaction, he provided the students with valuable information regarding mountaineering.Arjun became the youngest Indian in 2011 to scale Mt Everest. A resident of Noida in Uttar Pradesh, Arjun completed his basic course in climbing from Nehru Institute of Mountaineering, Uttarkashi. He was also a member of the expedition that included world renowned mountaineer Apa Sherpa who had scaled the Everest 20 times.Army Public School principal Abhay Kumar Singh said, \"We organized the event so that students here are also be exposed to the interesting world of mountaineering.Arjun shared his wonderful experience of the expedition with the students and informed them about the qualities a mountaineer should have. He also spoke about the institutes from where interested candidates can pursue training.\"Terming it as a \"great opportunity\" for students to have had the chance of meeting the young mountaineer, Singh expressed the hope the students would utilize the experience of meeting Arjun to brighten their future prospects in life. \"Being here in the city which doesn't provide much avenues of exposure to the outside world, such an opportunity is a boon for the young minds,\" Singh said.On their part, the students were happy with the opportunity to meet the young mountaineer. \"We learnt a lot from him his experiences.\"The difficulties Arjun faced didn't deter him from conquering Mt Everest and this, indeed, is inspirational. He also provided useful tips on how to pursue mountaineering to those who would like to pursue it in future. The interaction with him made us aware of a new career avenue which we were unaware of until now,\" a student said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-24"}
