{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13793255", "title": "Newly-married cop jumps before moving train, dies", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A 25-year-old newly-married Chandigarh Police constable, Manjit Singh, committed suicide by jumping before a moving train here on Sunday. In his suicide note, he has blamed his wife Vishu, who is also a UT police constable, father-in-law Mukesh and mother-in-law Sushma Devi for the extreme step.The Government Railway Police (GRP), Haryana, took the body and suicide note in its possession after registering a case of abetment to suicide against the three. Meanwhile, family members of the deceased blamed a Chandigarh police sub-inspector for pushing him to take the step. He, however, has not been named in the FIR. The family also alleged that their son had tied the knot with the woman under the pressure of police department. The incident had taken place around 1pm near Sector 47, about three km from Chandigarh Railway Station.After learning about the incident, a team of GRP police personnel, led by SHO Rajesh Devi, went to the spot and informed his family, following which his parents, wife and other relatives reached there. The body was handed over to his family after a postmortem in Government Hospital, Sector 6, Panchkula.Manjit, attached with the police control room (PCR) wing of UT police, was a native of a village near Zirakpur in Mohali district. He was residing along with his wife in a rented accommodation in Sector 29. Police sources said he often had heated arguments with his in-laws, who some time back were staying with them.Four months ago before their marriage, Manjit's wife had leveled rape allegations against him. After she had withdrawn the charges, the two had tied the knot three months ago. Meanwhile, Manjit had also filed a complaint against Vishu alleging she was blackmailing him for marriage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13797661", "title": "The great enabler", "text": "Rekha Rana Dey, Principal, Amity International School, Saket, on how each and every sector, including education, has been influenced by the latest technological advancements and upgradationsEmploying latest technology gadgets and processes have become sine qua non in the education sector, especially in the wake of growing technological literacy amongst the youth of the nation. ICT is one of the latest technology tools, which is a great enabler and drives the quality of the education provided by an educational institution, whether private or government. There is an urgent need for private and government schools to have a good ICT network.ICT helps teachers at the primary and secondary level to use multimedia and other webbased technologies to teach English, maths and science where students tend to lag behindMultimedia at the primary level helps in demonstrating simulations, animations, videos and attracting students who might drop out due to inadequate teaching method. At the same time, it is important to blend ICT symbiotically in the teaching process without substituting teachers.It helps in attaining better writing skills and mathsEncourages and helps teachers to develop their own educational modules with tailor-made multimedia effects (sound, video and images) to supplement traditional classroom teachingInvolving students in the creation of useful material as part of a learning exercise is a way to make school more meaningful for studentsICT can assist in teachertraining , initiatives and aligning the educational needs to employment opportunities and imparting the skills in demand, thereby making the educational journey more rewardingEnhances the quality of teaching by standardised and updated content in the form of web-based trainings and live satellite sessions by renowned teachersTo implement the principle of life-long learning/educationTo increase a variety of educational services and medium/ methodTo promote equal opportunities to obtain education and information for all studentsTo develop a system of collecting and disseminating educational informationTo promote technology literacy for studentsTo develop distance education with national contentsTo support schools in sharing experience and information with othersAt Amity, Saket, we are implementing this since the last several years. The school's IT department gives extensive training to teachers. Our school has an interactive room, which has a smart board. Teachers use the smart board to teach and make use of modules made by themselves. These modules are mailed to students after the class, in case a child is absent.IT periods are scheduled for all classes from nursery to XII. In nursery, students are learning colours, seasons, and so on in a user-friendly way. In primary and middle sections, students prepare presentations on topics taught in the class for different subjects like science and maths. This helps in a better understanding of the topic.Students of Amitasha (a school for underprivileged girl students) are also technologically trained. Special IT periods are scheduled for them. The digital language lab is used by the primary and middle school for learning language skills through specific software. A child can, in fact, learn to use a keyboard at the age of four.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13805357", "title": "Bollywood is witnessing a positive change: Boman Irani", "text": "Boman Irani needs no introduction. With a variety of roles to his credit, he is one character actor who fits into any role perfectly. And after playing father in various films, he will be seen as a grandfather in his upcoming from Ferrari Ki Sawari.He talks about his experience working in the film saying, \"I have played father in many films, but now I will be a grandfather, which was a new experience for me.\" He adds talking about the movie, \"The film is about the father-son relationship. It shows how far parents will go to help their children achieve their dreams, how they will take that extra mile for their children. And this is why it has a connect with all generations.\"Ferrari Ki Sawari being a father son centric film, there is no female lead in the movie. So is that going to affect the film in anyway? Boman quips, \"These days the audience is very smart and they know what they want to watch. And these days script is the king, more than having a heroine or a hero, film makers are concentrating on the script. And it's a good change.\"Boman feels the current phase of Bollywood films is the phase of experimentation and a lot is being done with different shades of characters and stories being explored.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13788635", "title": "MBA among 4 arrested for trying to kill MLA", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Police has arrested four young men, including Vikas Dagar alias Vicky, a Delhi University graduate and MBA from Sikkim Manipal University, for allegedly shooting at Indian National Lok Dal MLA Bharat Singh.Delhi Police Commissioner B K Gupta said the main accused, Vicky, had organized the attack early on Saturday in Najafgarh owing to personal enmity with the MLA. Gupta said Vicky was nursing a grudge against Singh for the past 11 months as the latter had humiliated Vicky's grand-aunt and uncle and allegedly thrashed them at his office over recovery of a Bahadurgarh-based person's money.Gupta said, \"When Bharat Singh visited Vicky's village, Jharoda Kalan, in June 2011, Vicky assaulted him but Singh did not report the matter to the police. Vicky feared that Singh and his supporters may target him so he decided to act preemptively and eliminate the MLA.\"A Special Cell team arrested the four accused from Kishangarh area on Saturday evening when they came there to collect money for escaping to Rajasthan.Vicky (28) was arrested along with Kuldeep Mittal (26) and Sumeet Singh (28) of his village and Virender Sehrawat alias Bhola (23) of Deenpur area. Cops recovered two bikes used in the attack, two .30 bore pistols, one .38 revolver, 30 cartridges, two magazines and two empty shells from them.Sehrawat was allegedly tasked to conduct a recce on the MLA before the attack. \"Initially, they wanted to target him when he visited Jharoda Kalan (their village) but Bharat Singh was not visiting their village. So they planned to kill him in Najafgarh area only. For the past one week, Virender was visiting his office to check the MLA's movements and found that he used to come to his office in Dhichaun everyday between 8 and 10am. They all assembled on the night of June 1. They procured guns from a friend in their village and all four reached the MLA's office around 7.30am on June 2. Vikas and Kuldeep were riding on one bike, Sumeet was on another bike while Virender came alone. All of them had guns with them,\" said B K Gupta.\"As the MLA was getting down from his Scorpio, they entered the premises and started firing at him. The MLA managed to enter the bathroom but attackers broke open the door and shot at him and a relative of his, Dharampal,\" added Gupta.Explaining the motive of the attack, Additional CP Ashok Chand said, \"Vicky's father's aunt, Rammo Devi, and her husband ran a village committee (which collects money and pays interest to members) in Bahadurgarh (Haryana). Each member had paid up capital of Rs 50 lakh in the committee. Some of the members decamped with the paid-up capital due to which the fund got defunct. A member of the committee, also a resident of Bahadurgarh, whose Rs 50 lakh had not been returned by Rammo Devi and her husband approached MLA Bharat Singh for the recovery of money. In June 2011, Singh summoned Rammo Devi and her husband to his office in Nangloi stand (Najafgarh) and directed them to pay the person's money and humiliated them\".Gupta ruled out any gang war as the motive for the attack. Asked whether Bharat Singh's brother, strongman Kishan Pehelwan, might have played any role in scaring Vicky and his friends , the cops ruled it out. Bharat Singh is reportedly admitted in Channan Devi hospital and is said to be out of danger.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13788672", "title": "Wednesday wonder", "text": "NAGPUR: Great scientists like Isaac Newton, Johannes Kepler and Edmund Halley couldn't witness it in their lifetime. It was Kepler who first predicted that the transit would happen on December 7, 1631 but he died the year before.We are lucky enough to witness this great celestial event called the 'Venus Transit' which is scheduled to occur on June 6. Seeing the transit happen twice in the last eight years is double joy. In India, the transit can be seen from 5.31am to 10.22am.Since the next transit would occur only after 105.5 years on December 11, 2117 and December 8, 2125 only those born 25 or 50 years from now would be able to witness it. The last transit happened on June 8, 2004.As is evident from the dates, the 'Venus Transit' is a rare phenomenon which has a pattern of 105.5, 8, 121.5 and 8 years making a basic cycle of 243 years. It was first seen on December 7, 1631 followed by an eight-year gap on December 4, 1639.After that the transit happened after a gap of 121.5 years only in 1761 on June 6 followed by a gap of eight years again on June 3, 1769. Thereafter the next transit as expected happened again after 105.5 years and the cycle continued with the Venus transit happening on December 9, 1874 and December 6, 1882 (an eight-year gap). Following the pattern the last transit happened after 121.5 years on June 8, 2004 and will be seen on Wednesday (June 6).What is a transit?When the Moon comes between the Earth and Sun, it is called an Eclipse. However, when either Mercury or Venus comes between the Sun and the Earth it is called transit. With their angular sizes being much smaller than that of the Moon, we only see a black dot rather than a dark circle during the annular solar eclipse passing across the disc of the Sun. On Wednesday, Venus would move across the disc of the Sun. A transit is seen as a dark spot on the Sun which appears to move across the disc from one end to other.As the discs of Mercury and Venus are much smaller than that of the Moon, these planets make no more than a small black dot when they move in front of the face of the Sun. Depending on the geometry of the path this dot may move every time in a different path across the face of the Sun.Why venus transit is important?Transits of Venus across the disc of the Sun are among the rarest of planetary alignments. In fact only seven transits have been seen by man after the invention of the telescope and till the beginning of the 21st century (1631, 1639, 1761, 1769, 1874, 1882 and 2004).Astronomers explain that this is not the only pattern that is possible within the 243-year cycle as there is a slight mismatch between the timings when Earth and Venus arrive at the point of conjunction either during the ascending or descending process when a transit could take place. The transit pattern before 1518 was 8, 113.5 and 121.5 years and the eight inter-transit gaps before the AD 546 transit were 121.5 years apart. The current pattern will continue until AD 2846 when it will be replaced by a pattern of 105.5, 129.5 and 8 years. Apparently the 243-year cycle is relatively stable, but the number of transits and their timing within the cycle will change over time.Education officer at Raman Science Centre Vilas Chaudhari says that Newton wanted to calculate the exact distance between the Earth and Sun as an astronomical unit but unfortunately the transit didn't happen in his lifetime. \"Though transit is not a very spectacular event, it is extremely significant for astronomers and scientists as it helps in calculating the distance between the earth and sun and all planets. It's an opportunity for students to see what they read in books. They may never get to see it again,\" said Chaudhari.Viewing arrangements in city", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13802244", "title": "I\u2019m just not in the mood to party: Ekta Kapoor", "text": "Says Ekta Kapoor, who will turn 37 with a visit to Tirupati and a quiet dinner with '40 close' friends...Going by the trend set by Karan Johar , you would expect his peers to usher in their birthdays with a certain amount of pomp and revelry. Surprisingly though, Ekta Kapoor, who turns 37 on June 7, will keep her big day quiet, simple and spiritual. There will be celebrations of course, but with a very private dinner for a select group of 40 close friends on June 9, it is learnt.Given that she has had a fantastic run at the BO, you'd think Ekta would want to let her hair down and have a blast. But a source from her production house told us, \"Ekta doesn't want to have a big birthday party. In fact, on Thursday, June 7, she is leaving for Tirupati Balaji to seek blessings on her birthday.\"Ekta is known for her spiritual inclinations and Kalighat in Kolkata is also among the places she visits frequently. She's often said that these trips help her rejuvenate, considering she has a full platter comprising not just television shows but also films. \"But she won't let her birthday go by just like that. On June 9, she will have a very private dinner for her 'close 40' friends who will be invited,\" revealed the source.Why June 9? Ekta, who is known for her faith in numerology, considers nine to be her lucky number. In 2010, she had celebrated her birthday on June 18, which adds up to nine. Asked about her birthday plans, Ekta texted back, \"Hey no plans! Keeping it small and quiet this time.\" Quizzed why such a low key affair, she replied back, \"Just not in the mood.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13802494", "title": "Vidya Balan's 'OMG' moment", "text": "It was a well-attended evening to felicitate Vidya Balan hosted by Atul Nishar of an Indo-American association for art and culture. When Vidya's father, PR Balan, who had accompanied her to the do, was invited up on stage to say something about his daughter, a shy Vidya promptly covered her face in nervous anticipation of what he was about to say.Turned out, it wasn't as embarrassing as she had imagined. The doting dad congratulated Vidya, telling her how proud he is of her endeavours. Overcome by nostalgia, he went on to speak about how he had messaged his girl during the interval when he first saw The Dirty Picture.\"I am really proud of you Vidya and I did not find the movie vulgar at all. You are a brilliant actress and a new star will be born after The Dirty Picture , \" he had texted at the time.Judging by the response to the film, his predictions seem to have come true. Seen exchanging pleasantries at the event were Michael Mullins, Neeraj Bajaj, Dr Alka Nishar, Habil Khorakiwala, Tabu &amp; Richard Rothman, Sunita Menon, Satish Shah, Reena and Ashok Wadhwa, Aditi Govitrikar, Rashmi Uday Singh , Ananya Dutta, Bharat Dabholkar, Lillete Dubey, Lata Patel, Neeta Lulla and Nishka Lulla.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13796695", "title": "Obama\u2019s \u2018presidential pardon\u2019 for schoolkid", "text": "WASHINGTON: Want to miss school? Get a good absent note. A fifth-grader in the US did just that by getting a handwritten note from Barack Obama asking the teacher to excuse his absence from school as he was with the American President.Tyler Sullivan, a fifth-grader in Rochester, went to watch his father, Ryan Sullivan , introduce Obama before the president's speech at Honeywell in Golden Valley.When he returns to class on Monday, Tyler can show his teacher a handwritten note from the president explaining where he was, Post-Bulletin newspaper reported . \"Mr Ackerman, please excuse Tyler. He was with me!\" Obama wrote on a card with the presidential seal and then signed it.\"I was sitting in the front row,\" the 11-year-old told NBC. \"I was pretty excited.\"But Tyler had even more reason to be bowled over when he had the opportunity of meeting Obama and shaking his hand. \"I said, 'Hi President' , Tyler said. \"And then he started asking me questions and he was like, 'Oh, you must be out of school then?'\"The President then reached for a pad of paper and a pen from the White House and proceeded to write the schoolboy an excuse note, complete with a presidential signature.The President addressed the issue of veteran unemployment at the facility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13826222", "title": "World Environment Day: TOI to hold 'Paint your Planet' contest", "text": "GUWAHATI: On the occasion of World Environment Day, the Times of India Group will be organizing a painting competition 'Paint your Planet' for the fourth time in a row. The theme for this year's competition will be 'Put Environment FIRST for Development to LAST'.The event will be held on June 17 at Srimanta Sankardev Kalakshetra. This year's event will also be held in association with Gauhati Municipal Corporation to propagate the noble message of environmental awareness amongst the young populace for a safe and prosperous future. Another aspect of this year's event will include a competition amongst school children to come up with the best advertisement in connection with the theme with a view to create a consciousness through elevation of the children's creativity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13792661", "title": "Combined Pre-Medical Test examinees find physics questions tough", "text": "KANPUR: Thousands of students appeared in the Combined Pre-Medical Test-2012 (CPMT) which was held at 22 centres in the city on Sunday. There were no reports of irregularities during the test.According to CPMT coordinator Nandlal, 10,958 students appeared for the test at various centres. Steps were taken to trace the fake or proxy candidates and check cheating.The students found the question paper difficult, especially the organic chemistry and functional physics parts. According to aspirants, one needs to have deep and elaborate knowledge of the syllabus of both class XI and XII to solve the question paper.\"I had been through XII syllabus many times but ignored the XI syllabus. This was my drawback,\" Swati, a candidate Juhari Devi, said.\"The chemistry portion was okay but physics questions were tough. I was not expecting tough physics numericals in medical examination,\" said Shubham at PPN.Harshit and Chirag seemed to be satisfied at the Christ Church College .The proceedings of the CPMT examinations were photographed this time. The photos of students were clicked at all the centres to establishe the identity.Students also gave impressions of fingers and thumb through a special ink besides leaving a sample of their hand writing at the centres for identification. The candidates also had to give a unique identification mark before appearing in the test.The aspirants had to answer 200 objective type questions which were collectively based on physics, chemistry, biology, zoology and botany. The candidates answered the objective questions by darkening the spaces in an optical mark reader (OMR) sheet. The students were not allowed to carry pencil boxes. Pencil and other stationery for solving the question paper was provided to them in the examination hall.The candidates were not allowed to carry drinking water bottle inside the examination hall. \"It was difficult to manage without water bottles as one get thirsty within minutes in the sultry weather. Though elaborate arrangements were made at the centre to serve water yet it would have been easy if we have had our own bottles,\" said Nikita at Christ Church College.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13793890", "title": "Cops tighten norms against autos", "text": "MADURAI: District police have come out strongly to reinforce traffic regulations on auto rickshaws, especially share autos, issuing guidelines to be strictly followed by the drivers. In the guidelines, the Madurai SP office insisted that all drivers should wear their uniforms while driving and should not overload the vehicle with excess passengers. Passengers should not be allowed to sit in front with the driver and auto rickshaw drivers ferrying school students should ensure their safety. Ferrying passengers in goods carriers would result in seizure of the vehicle and if the auto rickshaw drivers are found to be driving in a drunken state, they would be remanded by the police.Share auto rickshaws have turned out to be an easy mode of travel for many, especially for those in remote villages, where buses are infrequent. In the outskirts, it is a common sight to find overloaded share autos, with people travelling in the rear of the vehicle meant for luggage. It is also common to find men and women hanging out of speeding share autos. However, district police have decided to curb such practices after the number of accidents involving share autos went up.Madurai SP, V Balakrishnan said they had decided to strictly enforce traffic regulations on share autos and auto rickshaws following the number of accidents occurring in the rural limits. \"On Sunday, a share auto toppled near Tiruparankundram injuring at least eight passengers. We have decided to strictly enforce the norms with share autos,\" he said.\"Another serious offence found in the district is to use the goods carrier to ferry passengers which has resulted in many accidents. We are planning to introduce spot fines for traffic violations as the GO regarding the same was issued by the government a few months ago,\" Balakrishnan said. With schools reopening after the summer vacation, police will also be vigilant about auto rickshaw drivers ferrying school children. The drivers should ensure safe travel for the children and the school bags should not hang outside the vehicle, the SP said. \"We will also work on public awareness about the traffic rules,\" he added.However, city residents feel that share auto rickshaws spelt trouble and caused many accidents by violating every traffic rule in the book. Other complaints included overloading, over speeding and encroaching the bus stand, causing a hindrance to passengers. \"The share autos ply with an alarming speed, squeezing into every gap available in the traffic. Hence, other vehicle users also lose concentration, resulting in accidents,\" P Jeyarajasekar, a resident said. \"Besides, they encroach every bus stand in the city in an attempt to ferry more passengers, causing a lot of hardship to the buses along with traffic jams,\" he pointed out.A traffic police official said that they had held a mass raid a few months ago and removed all the wooden planks fixed in the share autos, but they had appeared again. \"We have identified potential places where share autos attempt to encroach bus bays and have deployed traffic police to clear them off in the peak hours. We will also take up measures to strictly enforce traffic rules in regard to share autos and auto rickshaws,\" deputy commissioner (traffic - incharge), R Thirunavukkarasu said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13790322", "title": "Haryana Urban Development Authority\u2019s special cell to look into Gurgaon's water problems", "text": "GURGAON: In order to effectively tackle the issues related to water shortage and escalate its conservation drive, the Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) is mulling to set up a dedicated 'water cell' in Gurgaon. According to officials, the cell will be carved within HUDA's existing organizational body, and will comprise about eight of its senior engineers, who will be shifted full-time to sorting out the water troubles of the city.\"These officials will only work on water-related projects round the year. They will be keeping an eye on the daily supply, distribution infrastructure, and other water conservation projects taken up by HUDA recently, like setting up more rain water harvesting units,\" said Praveen Kumar, administrator, HUDA.The season has seen Gurgaon going through one of the worst water crises in recent years. Daily supply dwindled to 15% of the usual volume in several parts of the city, and the dry-run continued for weeks.HUDA officials believe that things are now on the mend and that the new water cell will improve the situation further.HUDA has also announced to \"double-line\" the water supply system that is routed through the Basai treatment plant to all residential and commercial areas in Gurgaon. \"We have five major pumps coming from Basai. We have decided not to put all five on a single line but divide the load by creating a new line,\" added Kumar.Water and power supply are interdependent and the new supply lines are to act as backup in the event of the main lines breaking down.\"If the power supply trips even for a minute, the water in the main line flows all the way back. And it takes two to three hours to get things running again. However, with double-lining, supply will remain stable,\" Kumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "13792512", "title": "Maharaja Sayajirao University to slash temporary teaching posts", "text": "VADODARA: Maharaja Sayajirao University (MSU) will drastically reduce the strength of temporary teaching assistants on the campus.Sources suggest that this year, there will be 30 per cent reduction in temporary teaching posts compared to the total positions last year.A workload committee appointed to rationalize the temporary teaching positions in the university has submitted its report to MSU vice-chancellor professor Yogesh Singh.Last year, around 400 posts of temporary teaching assistants were filed by MSU authorities. Of these, 104 posts were filed at the Faculty of Technology and Engineering. Sources suggest that the university this year will fill up less than 250 posts of temporary teachers.The workload committee has submitted its report to Singh except its recommendations for the Faculty of Technology and Engineering, whose data is being assessed.The committee members suggest that the reduction in the number of temporary posts is due to the new government resolution issued by the state government after introduction of choice based credit system (CBCS).The conventional method of calculating the workload was different. Earlier, many a faculties used to consider work load for practical assignments to teachers as equivalent to theory work load.For instance, at the Faculty of Fine Arts, Faculty of Performing Arts, Faculty of Education and Psychology and Faculty of Social Work field work or practical work of one hour was considered equivalent to one hour of theory work. At Faculty of Science, one and a half hour of practical work was considered to be equal to one hour of theory.But, the new government resolution states that two hours of practical or field work should be counted as equal to one hour of workload.\"The impact of this reduction will be less in bigger faculties like Faculty of Arts and Faculty of Commerce whereas faculties like Faculty of Science, Faculty of Education and Psychology, Facultyof Fine Arts, Faculty of Performing Arts, Faculty of Social Work and Faculty of Family and Community Sciences will witness a bigger impact,\" said an official.Ironically, MSU had so far made little attempts to rationalize the workload and identify realistic figures on the need of temporary teachers at each department of the university which had given way for some departments to demand inflated strength of temporary teaching assistants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13790485", "title": "Dethroned king given regal send-off", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It is a law of the nature that the loser in any turf-war has to quit the lost territory. In Sasan though, foresters noticed an exception to the rule. Two new kings, who now lord over a huge portion of Gir sanctuary in the tourism zone, watched over the old king till he breathed his last on Saturday evening.The two brothers who have established their supremacy over the biggest pride of the Gir forest, instead of pushing the old lion out, stayed close to the old lion till he died.The old king died of pneumonia in Dedakadi range of Gir forest. \"A male Asiatic lion aged around 12 years died last evening in Kherambha forest of Gir (west) division,\" Dr Sandeep Kumar, deputy conservator of forest (DCF) wildlife division Sasan-Gir said.Lion's carcass was brought to the wildlife care center in Sasan on Sunday morning for postmortem.For over a fortnight, the forest officials were constantly keeping a watch on the activity of the lion as five invaders, including two lion brothers, were aiming to capture a swath of territory in Kherambha round. The king of the area was being forced to spend all his diminishing energies to protect his kingdom.The lion, who died on Saturday evening, ruled a pride comprising of 32 members - one of the biggest in the Gir sanctuary.Forest officials said that because the battles were being fought in the tourism zone, they were keeping a close watch on the conflict. The area also had a large number of newborn cubs and in the fight to annex territory, invaders could attack the cubs, so a constant watch was required.On Tuesday, senior forest officials including additional principal chief conservator of forest H S Singh, conservator of forest R Meena, were among those present in the sanctuary keeping a watch.An official said that five lions had invaded the area. Of these, two brothers captured the territory, but instead of throwing the loser out, it was noticed that the new rulers were staying close to him.On Tuesday, since morning, the two guarded the old lion and took up vigil about 50 metres on either side of him. They did not move away from the area till foresters took away the body for postmortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13792511", "title": "Rising sea to engulf parts of Maharastra, Kerala?", "text": "NEW DELHI: Kerala's tranquil stretches of emerald green backwaters and Mumbai are among several locales on the western and eastern coasts facing threat from the rising sea level due to climate change.Deltas of the Ganga, Krishna, Godavari, Cauvery and Mahanadi on the east coast may also be threatened along with irrigated land and adjoining settlements, according to a government report.\"It is estimated that sea level rise by 3.5 to 34.6 inches between 1990 and 2100 would result in saline coastal groundwater, endangering wetlands and inundating valuable land and coastal communities. The most vulnerable stretches along the western Indian coast are Khambat and Kutch in Gujarat, Mumbai and parts of the Konkan coast and south Kerala,\" says the report submitted to the UN.The report - India's Second National Communication to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change - was prepared by multi-disciplinary teams and other stakeholders comprising more than 220 scientists belonging to over 120 institutions.\"The loss of these important economic and cultural regions could have a considerable impact in some states,\" it says. The experts who prepared the report visited some vulnerable areas, including the 2004 tsunami-hit Nagapattinam in Tamil Nadu, backwaters surrounding Kochi in Kerala and Paradip in Odisha, in order to make a detailed impact study of the rise in sea level.The study, using digital elevation model data (90m resolution), digital image processing and GIS software, showed that estimated inundation areas are 4.2 sq km and 42.5 sq km in case where the sea level rise is 1.0 m and 2.0 m respectively in the region surrounding Nagapattinam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13794688", "title": "World's fattest cat now on a strict diet", "text": "LONDON: Sponge Bob, believed to be the world's fattest cat who weighs an incredible 13.5 kg, is now on a strict diet and fitness regime at an animal shelter in the US. But the staff at the shelter 'Animal Haven' in New York are struggling to rehome the nine-year-old Bob because of his sheer size, the Daily Telegraph report.Kendra Mara, associate director of the shelter, said the dedicated staff at the shelter came up with exercises to encourage Sponge Bob to move, helping him shed more than one kg in just two months.They use cat nip to keep Bob moving along with occasional tiny cat treats, to make him to run across the room. \"To get him to run across the room, it's worth it,\" said Kendra . She also informed that Bob is fed a special protein diet that includes lean chicken, fish and vegetables such as pumpkin, containing no carbohydrates . Sponge Bob may well now be the world's heaviest cat after the previous fattest cat Meow, from Sante Fe, New Mexico, died of pulmonary failure earlier this month. According to Kendra, it's \"pretty abnormal\" for a cat to be able to get this big.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13790281", "title": "Mentally unstable woman dies due to heat, exhaustion", "text": "GURGAON: Police have identified the body which was recovered from Kherki Majra village on Wednesday. According to the police, the deceased, Hanima Mandal (25), was a resident of Laxman Vihar and had been missing from her house for the last ten days.Initially, police had suspected it to be a case of murder but on Sunday, the deceased's husband, Vikas Mandal, came forward to claim the body. According to Vikas, Hanima was mentally unstable and had been missing for the last ten days.According to a senior police, the postmortem report revealed that Hanima died due to heat and exhaustion. The deceased hailed from West Bengal but was living with her husband in Laxman Vihar for the last four years. According to Vikas, his wife had given birth to a child a year ago, after which she became mentally unstable. \"We handed over the body to the kin after post-mortem on Sunday,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13788828", "title": "BJP MLA Y Sampangi is still a convict without number", "text": "BANGALORE: Twenty-four hours after BJP MLA Y Sampangi was held guilty of taking bribe and sent to the Parappana Agrahara Central Prison, he was yet to be treated like any other convict by the jail authorities.The KGF legislator on Sunday continued to be housed in the undertrials' section of the prison in VIP Cell No. 4. Former minister G Janardhana Reddy, who has been arrested in an illegal mining case, has been housed in Cell No. 5, next to Sampangi's cell.Prison sources said that the authorities were delaying moving Sampangi to the convicts' section as he appeared to be too tense and shocked by the turn of events. They said that the authorities were yet to assign him the quaidi (convict) number, which he may get on Monday. \"Some paper procedures are yet to be completed before giving him the number,\" sources said.Also Sampangi is yet to be attired in the convict's uniform of white shirt and shorts.Sampangi, who had a sound first night in the prison on Saturday, threw up a fit on Sunday. He complained of uneasiness and giddiness. As he complained that his health was deteriorating alarmingly, a team of doctors was rushed to his cell. The doctors carried with them a weighing machine as well as a BP checking apparatus.After a thorough check, the doctors declared that he was fit and fine, but may be under tremendous stress. The turn of events may have left him in a state of depression, they are believed to have concluded.According to the sources, Sampangi was visibly shaken and stayed put in his cell. He hardly spoke to anyone. Like on Saturday, visitors thronged his cell on Sunday too. \"But Sampangi maintained silence,'' the sources said.\"Sampangi is yet to be put in the cell where convicts are housed. Once he joins other convicts, he has no choice but to accept jail food,\" they observed.Sampangi was on Saturday awarded a three-and-a-half year rigorous imprisonment by a special Lokayukta court for accepting a bribe of Rs5 lakh.Third time in jailThis is the third time that Sampangi has landed in the Parappana Agrahara Central Prison. But both his earlier stays were as an undertrial.Sampangi was sent to the prison immediately after he was arrested while accepting bribe on January 29, 2009. But the same night he complained of illness and was sent to Victorial Hospital where he stayed till he was granted bail.In October last, Sampangi was arrested again for violating bail conditions. He was, however, released within a couple of days on conditional bail.Reddy bribe trail brings CBI team to jailThe CBI probe against an Andhra Pradesh judge who allegedly took bribe to grant bail to former tourism minister G Janardhana Reddy has reached Parappana Agrahara Central Prison, where the jailed mining baron is currently housed.A posse of CBI officers paid a surprise visit to the prison on Sunday morning and thoroughly checked the names, timing and other details of those who had visited Reddy during his stay in jail.\"They also collected the CCTV footage on visitors. They also questioned few a jail officials for over two hours,\" prison sources said.Though reports spoke of the STD booth in the jail being checked for call records by Reddy, the sources said that the arrested leader had more than one mobile set and there was no need for him to use the prison phone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13790966", "title": "Train tickets for Onam sold out 3 months in advance", "text": "CHENNAI: Onam festival may be three months away but travellers seem to have firmed up their travel plans already. Popular trains to Kerala have already been filled for travel for the last week of August.Though Onam falls on August 28 and 29, a Tuesday and Wednesday, travellers have started to book tickets for August 24, which is a Friday, to enjoy an extended weekend.Reservation on popular trains like Thiruvananthapuram Mail, Alleppey Express, Thiruvananthapuram Express and Mangalore Mail is already on waitlist for sleeper and AC three tier classes. A few seats are left for journey on August 27.\"The reservation trend shows that people prefer to travel on Friday to make use of an extended weekend. Some seats are still available because many people do not know that tickets can now be booked four months before the date of travel. A majority of tickets were booked when reservations opened last month,\" said a railway official.Most passengers headed to Kerala, travel to Thiruvananthapuram, Thrissur and Calicut. But passengers often complain that adequate services are not available to northern Kerala. Passengers headed to Calicut, Kannur and other towns in north Kerala have a limited choice of trains from Chennai when compared to those travelling to southern Kerala.On Mangalore Mail, which is the most popular train from Chennai to northern Kerala, reservations have touched waitlist 88 in sleeper class and waitlist 24 in AC three tier.\"We will have to depend on special trains. It is very difficult to get confirmed seats/ berths to Calicut or Kannur. The berths are sold out probably because travel agents may block it. Last year, railways operated special trains to Calicut and Kannur,\" said P Parameswaran, a frequent traveller.In Thiruvananthapuram Mail, sleeper class waitlist is 149 to Thiruvananthapuram, 117 to Ernakulam and 140 to Kottayam while AC three tier is waitlist 32.After assessing the reservation trend, Southern railway officials will operate special trains. \"Special trains are announced closer to the festival time. Railways face pressure to operate additional trains during festival season such as Onam and Deepavali,\" said a railway official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13812165", "title": "Hawkers go berserk after colleague's death at Santiniketan", "text": "KOLKATA: The hawkers went on a rampage at the Bolpur (Santiniketan) station from around noon on Monday after the unnatural death of one of their colleagues.Hundreds of passengers suffered as the hawkers pelted stones on trains like the Bolpur-Howrah Santiniketan Express that was to leave the station at 1.10 pm.The stones pelted by the hawkers shattered windowpanes and damaged the coaches as passengers cowered inside. The hawkers also laid a siege on the Railway Protection Force (RPF) and Government Railway Police (GRP) outposts at the station demanding arrest of a policeman, who allegedly assaulted the hawker who died.According to sources, hawker Tapan Das was allegedly picked up by a sub-inspector of the RPF and thrashed with a lathi. The SI, who was identified as A K Roy Chowdhury, then dragged the injured hawker to the RPF outpost and made him sit on a bench there. Before long, Das collapsed and was declared dead when shifted to hospital.Nearly a 100 irate hawkers gathered at the station after this and stopped train movement at the station. They demanded immediate arrest of the SI involved in the assault. The Santiniketan Express remained stranded at the station till when news last came in.\"I have heard of the incident and have ordered the immediate arrest of the SI who has been accused of the assault. He is absconding though. We have launched a manhunt for him. We are also trying to bring the situation at the station under control,\" said Milan Kanta Das, superintendent of railway police, Howrah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13792871", "title": "Stopping the \u2018sport\u2019 of dog fight", "text": "LUDHIANA: Not far away from this city of dog lovers who pamper their pets with pride, the discovery of a cruel 'sport' has put animal protection organizations and activists on alert. It has come to light recently that people from Haryana and Punjab are getting involved in illegal act of ferocious 'to the death' dog fights.Dr Sandeep Jain, a city-based member of the Animal Welfare Board (AWB) who was informed about the prevalence of this 'sport', says, ''This is the first incidence that such a case of dog fight in Punjab has come to light. There have been complaints about greyhound races in the past, but dog fights were never prevalent in the region.''Federation of Indian Animal Protection Organizations (FIAPO) has announced a reward of Rs 10,000 to the person who passes any information regarding the people involved in dog fights. FIAPO announced the award after coming across certain pictures of dog fights posted on social networking website Facebook.FIAPO campaign co-ordinator Alokparna Sengupta says an animal lover forwarded them the Facebook link on May 28. ''It was organized in Haryana and from the comments on the picture, we could figure out involvement of people from Punjab as well. In fact, these dog fights also seem to be happening in Kotkapura, Punjab,'' she adds.FIAPO also filed a complaint with the Punjab and Haryana police apart from announcing the monetary award for informants who can write to them at mail@fiapo.org.Dr Jain from AWB says if anything of this sort is happening here, there must be a lot of betting involved in it. ''This is a recent evil and should be nipped in the bud. We are on alert to track the offenders down,'' he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13790804", "title": "High court quashes criminal case against man", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has quashed a criminal case against a man, who was detained under Goondas Act, after it came to light that the Vellore police had obtained signatures of another man in blank papers and created a false criminal complaint to arrest him.Justice T Mathivanan quashed the case against G G Ramesh, after the original 'complainant' Mohamed Shareef appeared before the judge and filed an affidavit stating that he had merely signed some blank papers given to him by the police and that he was no way responsible for the arrest and detention of Ramesh.Quashing the complaint against Ramesh, the judge said: \"Shareef has submitted that he was just called to the police station and asked to sign a paper. Later, his signature was utilised to fabricate a complaint against Ramesh, for which he (Shareef) may not be held responsible.\" Shareef also clarified that he was not under any pressure to file such an affidavit dissociating himself from the criminal proceedings against Ramesh. The state government, however, objected to the quashing of the complaint stating that Ramesh was a Goondas Act detenue and even the quashing of the present complaint would not result in his immediate release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13792527", "title": "Won\u2019t intervene on 2G auction decision: JPC", "text": "NEW DELHI: Despite demands from some of its members, the Joint Parliamentary Committee on telecom will not ask the government to put on hold any decision on Trai's recommendation on 2G spectrum auction till it forms an opinion on the issue.JPC chairman P C Chacko is learnt to have told members that he is not mandated to ask the government to put on hold any decision on the Trai recommendations on 2G auction pricing.At a recent JPC meeting, Congress, BJP and CPI members had urged Chacko to ask the government to put on hold any decision on enhanced entry fees for 2G spectrum auction.The JPC members told Chacko that the committee should first question the just-retired Trai chairperson J S Sarma, who has recommended a nearly 10-fold hike in the base price for 2G airwaves. The recommendation were made when Sarma was its chief.The members had said that till the JPC decides on the recommendations, the government should not take a call on it.Sources said the panel chief was of the view that the committee cannot overstep its mandate - which is to suggest a prescription to the government on the future telecom policy. agenciesJPC chairman PC Chacko is learnt to have said that the panel can only present a report but not ask the government to take a certain policy", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13790403", "title": "Police yet to arrest anyone in balcony collapse case", "text": "JAIPUR: The city police is yet to make any arrests in connection with the case where a labourer was killed while another injured after a portion of an under construction balcony of a private school collapsed in Niwaru Road area on Saturday.After the accident when a labourer identified as Rinku(25) was killed while his elder brother Vijay (26) sustained grave injuries the police said they had registered a case under section 304-A of IPC(causing death due to negligence) against Digvijay, the site's contractor. However, till Sunday evening the police had not made any arrests in this connection.\"The accused is in Kota and he will have to surrender before us even if it is a bailable offence. Since we know his whereabouts we have told him to surrender and if he fails to do so we will arrest him,\" said a senior officer with Karni Vihar police station.Police have also recorded the statements of some of the eye witnesses in the case to ascertain the cause of the accident. \"Prima facie it appears that the raw material which was used in the construction of the balcony was of poor quality. Thus it is a clear case of causing death due to negligence,\" the officer said.Meanwhile, the natives of Niwaru Road area demanded an ex-gratia for the deceased.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13792007", "title": "Now, it's the turn of Vokkaligas", "text": "BANGALORE: After the show of strength by the Lingayat community at the 105th birthday celebrations of Siddganga mutt pontiff Shivakumara Swami attended by Congress president Sonia Gandhi at Tumkur, it was the turn of another powerful community - the Vokkaligas.Cutting across party lines, more than 40 political leaders from the community put up a massive show of strength and unity in another socio-religious event -- 'Guruvandana' --- a programme for Sri Balagangadharanatha Swami of Adichunchanagiri Mutt at the Palace Grounds here on Sunday.Recently, the third largest community -- the Kurubas -- had also organized a similar meet in Davanagere that was claimed to be the first in over 100 years. The last such Kuruba convention was held in 1910.Unlike the Lingayat event that was open to leaders from different communities, the Vokkaligas event was restricted to the community leaders. While the Lingayats and Kurubas event had seen participation by nearly a lakh people, the Vokkaligas, with the chief minister and home minister from the community, ensured that their programme was on an even bigger scale.But conspicuous by his absence was community patriarch H D Deve Gowda, who reportedly is not in good terms with the only mutt of the community. The official line was that he didn't attend due to health problems. When he became the prime minister in 1999, Gowda had tried to build an alternative mutt for the community. However Gowda's son and former chief minister HD Kumarswamy stole the show with his focused speech, to loud cheers and chants from the crowd.ResolutionThe Vokkaligas meet passed a resolution for rechristening Bengaluru International Airport (BIA) as Kempe Gowda Bengaluru International Airport. Kannada actor and politician Ambareesh proposed it at the meet. It was also resolved to declare a State holiday on the occasion of Kempe Gowda Jayanti.QuotesI am CM today because of the blessings of the community people. Now my strength has doubled with my Guru (Sri Balaganghadara swami) supporting all my deeds in taking the state forward. If all our community leaders stay united and extend support, I am sure I will achieve all my goals in making the state prosperous''--- DV Sadananda Gowda _ Chief minister who inaugurated the eventWhen Lingayats and Kurbas organized community meets recently, I wondered why our community cannot hold such a meet and present a united face. Today I am relieved. We are not against other communities, but we won't tolerate if they try to browbeat us. Our family has nothing against the Adhichuchangiri mutt. The government should speed up work on the diversion of Nethravathi River towards the east to quench the thirst of Bangalore rural, Tumkur, Kolar,Chitradurga and Davanagere districts.''-H D Kumarswamy | Former chief ministerDVS 'former CM'?When former chief minister HD Kumarswamy, attacks his political rival chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda, he refers to him as chief minister or simply Sadananda Gowda. But on Sunday, he addressed him as 'former chief minister'. He realised the blunder only when some organisers told him and he immediately apologised saying Very sorry''.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13788881", "title": "MBA professional caught with 50k fake currency", "text": "MUMBAI: The Ghatkopar police recently arrested a 25-year-old MBA professional who was allegedly found in possession of counterfeit notes with the face value of Rs 50,000. Dalim Naushad Shaikh claimed that he hails from Kolkata and came to Mumbai on May 21 to convert the counterfeit notes with real ones by buying goods and also tried to deposit them in a Navi Mumbai bank but failed.Shaikh ran out of luck when he purchased a belt costing Rs 50 from a vendor outside Ghatkopar railway station on May 28. \"The vendor did not have change and so he visited a nearby shop to get a change for a Rs 500 note. There the shopkeeper got suspicious and checked the note in a machine. Realiziing that the note was fake, they called the police and got the accused arrested,\" said police inspector Rajkumar Kothmire.During the probe, the investigators learnt through the accused that he worked in insurance companies in Kolkata. Later he claimed he had left the job to earn fast money. On May 21 he came to Mumbai to convert the fake currency. \"Shaikh said he tried to deposit Rs 500 at a nationalized bank in his wife's name last week. But the bank informed him that the note was fake. Later he went to the Ghatkopar roadside vendor when he was caught,\" said Kothmire.Investigators said that the accused claimed that he was assigned the job to distribute the counterfeit notes by one of his friend named Rashid from Malda district in West Bengal. Shaikh was booked for possession of counterfeit notes. He has been remanded in custody till June 4.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "13793229", "title": "Keonjhar women 'steal' water to appease rain god", "text": "KEONJHAR: It is that time of the year when a spell of heavy downpour tops everybody's wish list. People of Telkoi are not only wishing for it, but also doing their bit to appease lord Indra. Following an age-old ritual, groups of woman on Saturday marched to the sound of drums and crackers to neighboring villages and \"stole\" water. This, they firmly belief, will bring showers by appeasing the gods.On Saturday, hundreds of woman of village Bimala in Telkoi block of Keonjhar district went to Karadakhamasa village in Dhenkanal's Kankadahada block to steal water. The women, all of them on a fast throughout the day, went in a procession across the district and brought water to Bimala. Before going to steal water, they worshipped the village deity following traditional rituals. They took some water from the village in a small container and marched to Karadakhamsa village. Village priests accompanied them. Rebati Naik of village Bimala village said, \"This is an age-old tradition and people of this area firmly believe in it. When there is no rain for a long period, women from different villages steal water from the villages of neighboring district to appease the rain god.\"According to village priest Gopal Nayak, the tradition goes back to half a century. Villages in neighbouring districts also observe the ritual. \"People of this area have strong faith in this tradition, he said.\"While the mercury has risen to a record 43-degree mark in the district, Telkoi block area is also suffering from acute water crisis. Ponds, river, wells have dried up and tube-wells have become defunct. That's why, the villagers think it is high time they did something to appease the rain god. Only time will tell whether they are successful in that.This is an age-old tradition and people of this area firmly believe in it. When there is no rain for a long period, women from different villages steal water from the villages of neighboring district to appease the rain god.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "wardha/sangli", "code": "13789155", "title": "Farmers lament loss of land to irrigation projects", "text": "WARDHA/SANGLI: Call them the doubly disadvantaged. Farmers who have given up their fertile agricultural land for the construction of ponds, dams and canals in drought-hit regions of Maharashtra believe they have not only lost acres of cultivable land, but the delays in projects, poor distribution networks and ill-planned constructions have also left them without water that these projects promised to bring them.TOI in its May 29 edition highlighted how villagers in Dhamangaon, Amravati said the benefits of the Upper Wardha dam hadn't trickled down to them. The dismal plaint is echoed across villages near and far.In Jat taluka, Sangli district, Jinesaheb Khanuparle (42) regrets giving up his 50 acres of ancestral land for the construction of the Dhond talao (pond) way back in 1972. \"We were left with five acres of farm but the pond has served no purpose in irrigating even this patch,\" says Khanuparle who ruefully adds that his family members have been forced to give up farming and look for odd jobs for money. Gram panchayat member Basavraj Ishwarappa says the pond which is totally rain-dependent served its full potential only on five occasions in the past four decades.The situation isn't much different in Dorli village, Wardha where locals of the 13 villages who were displaced during the construction of the lower Wardha dam still wait in desperation for a proper supply of water. \"We were told the dam was being constructed for the benefit of farmers, but the canals have only been directing water to a private power company,\" says Chandrashekar Dorlikar, a member of the gram panchayat and Cotton Federation for Organic Farming. Last year, the villagers had threatened to sell their village to the government as a mark of protest.Maruti Chavre in Arvi taluka of Wardha believes he was better off before the Khapri pond was constructed in his neighbourhood in 2006. He wasn't a 'beneficiary' as his land wasn't integrated in the project, but the pond, has blocked the entry to his field. \"Forget the fact that we haven't received any benefit in terms of water from the pond since it is completely rain-fed and the rainfall has been elusive. The wall built to protect the pond also prevents me from taking my bullocks onto the field hitting my crop yields,\" he says.In nearby Buldhana district as well, villagers from Alewadi are up in protests against Arkacheri, an upcoming minor irrigation project that falls within 10 km of Melghat tiger reserve. The project, fear the project affected persons, is likely to take over 258 hectares of their agricultural land and affect about 25,000 trees. \"The 550 hectares of farms that will be unaffected by the project won't be accessible because they will be obstructed by the dam,\" said resident Yusuf Pala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13811745", "title": "Madras HC asks government to amend town planning act", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court on Monday directed the Tamil Nadu government to make necessary amendments in the Town and Country Planning Act, to exempt hundreds of unauthorised buildings from demolition, within a period of two weeks.The first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam, declined advocate general A Navaneethakrishnan's request to grant the government six months to bring about the amendment. The court asked the government to amend the Act by July 24.The vexed issued of unauthorised constructions relates to hundreds of multi-storied commercial as well as residential buildings in Chennai and other parts of the state. There have been several attempts by the successive state governments to grant exemptions through the ordinance route. When the ordinances and acts were set aside by the high court, the state government approached the Supreme Court. After several rounds of litigation, the apex court had asked the high court to take a decision on the issue. The matter being remanded back to it, the high court had asked the government to come out with a policy on the subject.On Friday, the Tamil Nadu government filed a counter-affidavit stating that it had decided to accept Justice S Mohan committee's recommendations. As per the recommendations, all buildings constructed on or before July 1, 2007 would be eligible for exemption from demolition, subject to a set of guidelines which included fire service clearance and provision for parking facilities within 250 metres of the respective unauthorised building.On Monday, the government filed a counter-affidavit disclosing its steps and policy decisions. It also wanted the court to grant six months to enable the government to table the matter before the assembly during the winter session and bring about the necessary amendment. However, granting only two months for the government to amend the Act, the high court posted the matter to July 24 for further hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13793372", "title": "Bhubaneswar boys robbed at London home", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Two students from Bhubaneswar were allegedly attacked and robbed of their belongings at gunpoint in London last week. The victims were identified as Kamakshya and Bhuvan, who are pursuing MBA at London School of Business and Finance.Shockingly, the armed robbery in central London on May 29 came a day after chief minister Naveen Patnaik met a delegation of Odia students and discussed their safety in the UK capital. Moreover, the incident has triggered alarm as it followed the recent killing of an Odia student in Boston .The incident came to light after Kamakshya telephoned his family living in Bhubaneswar's Baramunda area about the incident. He said seven masked miscreants had barged into the house around 12.45 am. \"The main door was not locked. Three miscreants entered first followed by four others. They were carrying guns and knives. They threatened us to leave our belongings on the bed and go to the bathroom. We were scared and did as they ordered us,\" Kamakshya said from London. \"The miscreants took away my Apple MacBook Pro , cell phone, two watches among other things worth around Rs 1.2 lakh. The other Odia guy was robbed of his costly mobile and laptop, costing around Rs 85,000,\" he added.\"Soon after they left, we informed police. A police team immediately came to our flat and took fingerprints of the robbers. We also went to a police station and lodged a complaint. They assured us full safety,\" the student said. Back home, the students' parents are a worried lot. \"We are very disturbed after the incident. Luckily, the robbers did not harm our children. Safety of Indians abroad is indeed a big worry these days,\" Kamakshya's father S K Hota, a retired railway officer, told TOI.Earlier, Sounik Kajal Kumar Dash, student representative of Coventry University's London Campus and Akash Kumar, students' union president of University Law College, Bhubaneswar, had jointly gave a memorandum to Naveen to ensure safety of Odia students in London.The armed robbery in central London on May 29 came a day after chief minister Naveen Patnaik met a delegation of Odia students and discussed their safety in the UK capital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "13791131", "title": "Arunachal Pradesh Governor autobiography to release on June 9 in New Delhi", "text": "ITANAGAR: Arunachal Pradesh Governor Gen (Retd) J J Singh's autobiography will be released on June 9 in New Delhi and two days later in Chandigarh.The book depicts a lucid story capturing the saga of three generations who have served the Indian Army from 1914 to 2012, Raj Bhawan sources said here today. Singh became the first Chief of the Indian Army from the Maratha Regiment.Kashmir finds a prominent mention in the book with an insightful view on the way forward as does the incisive prognosis of the future of Pakistan .As the additional director general (military operations), he covers the evolution of strategy and execution of the Indian military response during the Kargil War, leading to a remarkable victory which annulled Pakistani aggression.As an Army Chief, Singh writes he conceptualized and enunciated the principle of an 'Iron Fist and Velvet Glove' in handling insurgency and terrorism.'Musharraf and I' is an interesting insight into the lives of two contemporary generals standing as adversaries in the volatile subcontinent, who served as army chiefs at the same time.His latest appointment as the governor of Arunachal Pradesh completes the story encapsulated by the sobriquet Singh has earned: 'A Soldier's General and a People's Governor'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13790992", "title": "Chennai records highest June temperature in nine years at 42\u00baC", "text": "CHENNAI: The city on Sunday experienced another high in what has been a scorching summer, with the Met department recording a maximum of 42o Celsius, the highest temperature in June since 2003.Met department officials said high temperatures are likely to prevail for a few more days, indicating that one of the hottest summers in Chennai in recent years is unlikely to leave before giving the city a final roast.Normal temperature in the city in early June is 38o Celsius. Met officials said the maximum temperature on Monday is likely be around 42o Celsius. The department recorded a maximum of 42o Celsius at Nungambakkam and 42.8o Celsius at Meenambakkam on Sunday.According to data from the regional meteorological department, the hottest temperature for June was 43.3o Celsius, registered in 1948. The second-highest temperature in June was 42.5o Celsius in 2003. \"This is the first time that the temperature has crossed the 42o Celsius mark in June since 2003. The highest temperature recorded in the month in 2011 was 38.6o Celsius and 39.3o Celsius in 2010,\" a Met department official said.Y E A Raj, deputy director-general, Regional Meteorological Department, said the maximum temperature is likely to hover around 42o Celsius for the next two or three days. \"There is usually not much difference in temperature till June 10,\" he said.Met officials said the weather is expected to remain hot for another week until the southwest monsoon sets in over Kerala, when there will be rain over the western districts and some relief in the city.\"As there has been no sea breeze and the wind direction was towards the bay, the city has been extremely hot,\" a Met department official said. \"Once the sea breeze reaches the city, there will be a decrease in the temperature.\"People in the city said the government's reduction in the daily power cut by an hour has bought a relief.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "jamnagar", "code": "13793634", "title": "Ruckus over newborns in Jamnagar", "text": "JAMNAGAR: In a glaring example of girl child being unwanted, families of two women staked claim to a male child that was born to one of the women in city's JG Hospital.The women, both named Divyaba, gave birth almost simultaneously. While Divyaba Dave of Porbandar gave birth to a girl child, Divyaba Jadeja of Lalpur village gave birth to a boy.Confusion began when the nurse announced that Divyaba had given birth to a boy. She just called out the mother's name without the surname to inform their relatives of the birth. Immediately, news that Divyaba Jadeja had also delivered came through.Soon, families of both women staked claim to the male child. The arguments between both families to get the male child became so ugly that police was called in to control the situation.Later, blood samples were taken from both the women and children to determine who gave the birth to whom.The issue was settled in the evening when it was confirmed that Divyaba Jadeja gave birth to male child while Divyaben Dave gave birth to girl child.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13807459", "title": "TV star Richard Dawson passes away", "text": "Richard Dawson an English-born actor and TV host best known for his work on the game show 'Family Feud' and sitcom Hogan's Heroes, has died from complications of esophageal cancer. He was 79.A former husband of actress Diana Dors, he breathed his last on Saturday night at Ronald Reagan Memorial Hospital.Born in Gosport, Hampshire, he played Corporal Peter Newkirk in World War II comedy Hogan's Heroes for six years.He became a panelist on TV show Match Game before hosting Family Feud for 10 years.\"It is with a very heavy heart that I inform you that my father passed away this evening from complications due to esophageal cancer,\" the BBC quoted his son Gary as writing on Facebook on Saturday.\"He was surrounded by his family. He was an amazing talent, a loving husband, a great dad, and a doting grandfather. He will be missed but always remembered,\" he wrote.After starting his career as a stand-up comedian, Dawson married the English pin-up Dors in 1959.The couple settled in California but he was devastated when she walked out on him and they divorced in 1967.By then, he was known as the Cockney prisoner of war in 'Hogan's Heroes', which ran on CBS from 1965 to '71.He became Family Feud 's host when it launched on the ABC network in 1976 and won daytime Emmy Award in 1978 for best game show host.At its height, Family Feud was one of the most popular programmes on US TV, airing 11 times a week - five in daytime and six in the evening.Known for giving the female contestants a kiss, he met his second wife Gretchen when she appeared on the programme with her family in 1981.He left the show in 1985 but returned for one further series in 1994.He even played his TV persona of the ruthless game show host Damon Killian alongside Arnold Schwarzenegger in the 1987 film The Running Man.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13791992", "title": "Kids show love towards nature", "text": "MYSORE: Many children, the otherwise dwellers of concrete jungle, on Sunday had a different experience amidst lush greenery near a lake here. Sitting on the grass bed, they drew pictures on environment, expressing that surrendering to nature is the best thing one can do for a blissful experience. As part of Environment Day celebrations, Linagambudhi Forest Committee and the forest department (Mysore) jointly organized a drawing competition near Lingambudhi Lake, wherein over 50 children expressed their love towards nature through art. The event was to create awareness on nature among the children, \"who see nature on television, rather than experience the same in reality\". Children showed their drawing skills at the event, though it was not a competition. \"It's an effort to bring the little ones to know nature and paint the green surroundings,\" said committee president Ravi Kumar U N. \"We can see them being a relieved lot - they are free of anxiety while being amidst nature. Such camps help them love nature,\" he opined. Ravi said children from concrete jungles know only about human beings, and are ignorant about fellow livings beings. \"Trees, forests, and animals together make a planet,\" he said. Committee member Gananath said classroom teaching has made children see nature only from the utility point of view. \"It's time they know it also gives us happiness,\" he added. While the children were busy with painting brushes and papers, parents of children went on a nature walk in 216-acre reserved forest. Sharing his experience on how he felt disturbed and distracted while painting at home, Akash, Std IX student of BGS High School, said: \"Chirping of birds and the lush green surroundings sans noise helped me paint peacefully.\" A group of friends -- Sagar, Vishal and Chandan - too endorsed similar views: \"We enjoyed painting here. Competition or no competition, only participation matters.\" The committee will organize more activities related to environment for children on World Environment Day (June 5). The art works will also be exhibited the same day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13796690", "title": "Accounting techniques", "text": "Students pursuing BCom (Honours) programme find the accounts paper as one of the toughest papers to crack. However, according to Manisha Sinha, associate professor , commerce department , Janki Devi Memorial College, Delhi University (DU), the subject is easy to tackle provided students practise regularly and seriously.The accounts paper is spread across three years of the course. In the first year, students learn about financial accounting, which is the basic of accounting. Here, students deal with difficulties in learning about every kind of organisation , their stock evaluation, profit and loss and preparation of final accounts.In the second year, they learn corporate accounting . Here, topics like share capitals, debentures, amalgamations and mergers and banking seem to confuse students.Similarly, in the third year, when they learn about cost and management, cost benefit analysis, variant analysis, etc, are some tough topics that require a good understanding.\"Accounts, as a subject, is purely based on mathematical and conceptual skills, because of which students tend to develop a phobia. They sometimes even join tuitions and spend a lot of money, which is unnecessary. But, if students regularly attend classes and practise till they get the concept right, they can easily get a decent score,\" says Sinha.The college also conducts group-teaching where groups of eight to 10 students are formed and their classes are held separately every month. \"Group teaching helps students a lot in clearing their doubts, which they otherwise might hesitate to discuss in a class,\" informs Sinha.For a total of 150 seats, the college receives around 3,000 applications every year. To be eligible for the course, students need to have cleared +2 in commerce, with maths and one language as a compulsory subject. Last year, the cut off for the course in Janki Devi College was 92.5%. \"The cut-off will increase this year,\" adds Sinha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13791579", "title": "192 engineers to monitor safety on national highways", "text": "NEW DELHI: Considering that at least three out of every 10 deaths on Indian roads are reported from national highways, the Centre has designated 192 senior engineers as nodal officers to monitor road safety on all NHs across the country.These engineers have been notified as highway administrators with statutory powers to regulate traffic and prevent any damage to the national highways. A circular issued by the highways ministry said these officials will also be responsible for monitoring of deployment of ambulances and cranes besides maintaining database of accidents. They will also be responsible for identifying black spots on stretches falling under their jurisdiction and ensure training of first responders on trauma care on NHs.All these officials are in the rank of superintending engineers and are from NHAI, highways ministry, state PWDs and other agencies like Border Roads Organization. The circular said the administrators will have to display sign boards mentioning their names and contact numbers for public to give any complaints or inputs pertaining to traffic, road safety and road conditions. They will also have to ensure that ambulances are deployed every 50 km and all cranes deployed at toll plazas are functional.These officials have to submit quarterly report about accidents, average time ambulances take to rush victims from a spot to the nearest hospital. They will also have to find out the cause of accident.\"We have observed that either these officials are not doing what they are supposed to do or they are unaware of their responsibilities. So, they have been asked to furnish details of their work as administrators and we are holding workshops for them in batches to inform them what their responsibilities are,\" said a senior ministry official.With fatalities on Indian roads likely to cross 1.4 lakh in 2011, the road transport and highways ministry has set a target to reduce road deaths by 50% by 2020.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13792903", "title": "Harleen gets set for a younger future", "text": "LUDHIANA: Clad in a fresh pink polo collared-tee and black workout pants at a training centre in the heart of the city, Harleen Ranger bends her left knee at 90-degree angle and arms parallel to ground, bringing the trunk of her body and head in a diagonal line.In her graceful warrior pose known as \" virbhadra asan\", she reminds one of Angelina Jolie's Lara Croft avatar from \"Tomb Raider\". Unstoppable, she pulls off more such poses with finesse. \"I just heard you telling someone you have a son preparing for Class XII board exams. Is that so?\" asks an amazed visitor at the training centre, nearly interrupting Ranger's regimen. \"Yes. That's true,\" she smiles modestly. Ranger, the wife of a leading businessman of Ludhiana, has made ageing seem fabulous through the ancient spiritual practice. At 38, she looks not more than 20 something. The radiance on her face causes women much younger to her go green with envy.\"See, that's what yoga does to you. But all that is ancillary. There is more to yoga,\" she quips. For her, yoga is not a route to anorexia or looking younger, a trend that seems to have smitten the entire town. \"No size zero fascination for me,\" she says.\"It isn't about aping Kareena or Shilpa. It's one thing admiring them and it's quite another to have an obsession with things they practice for beauty and weight loss,\" she adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "south city", "code": "13792931", "title": "For those from Ludhiana's South City, the day begins with bumpy ride", "text": "SOUTH CITY: Every time Neeti Malhotra, a homemaker from South City commutes down the South City canal road, connecting South City to Ferozepur Road leading to the city, the bumpy road irks her.''The condition of this road is a bit better than it was 6-7 years ago, but it is still bumpy, which makes it an irritating stretch to drive on,'' says Neeti.These bumps may not be worrisome to those who travel in luxury sedans or SUVs, but the people using small cars fail to appreciate a drive on this road. The department concerned must get the road repaired so that residents of Country Homes and South City don't suffer, adds Neeti.Another resident, septuagenarian industrialist Lalchand Chopra, who lives in Country Homes (West), says the South City canal road needs improvement as it has several bumpy patches, particularly near the petrol pump. Karan Jaitwani, 19, a student and cricketer and Country Homes resident says, ''I have to take this road in morning and evening as this is the only road connecting my home and the city. It is a troublesome stretch for about 4,000 residents of Country Homes and South City.''''At times, I have seen drivers loosing balance of the vehicle on this bumpy road, which eventually resulted in accidents. It must be repaired to avoid any mishap in future,'' adds Karan.PWD executive engineer Charangeet Singh Bains did not respond to repeated phone calls but Ludhiana deputy commissioner Rahul Tewari says, ''We are facing an acute shortage of funds which has kept us from repairing many roads. If there are 15 roads to be repaired, we get funds enough to repair just five of them.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13788412", "title": "Monsoon delay adds to heat woes", "text": "KOLKATA: The city continues to singe in the sweltering heat. While the countdown to welcome the monsoons has already begun, the rains could still be a good two weeks away, said meteorologists. Though the monsoon clouds were supposed to cross Kerala coast on May 31, they are stuck near the Sri Lankan coast. It could hence take them at least two to four days more to travel to Kerala which means the clouds will take a couple of weeks more to travel to the eastern part of the country.However, there is some good news - the city may experience two more squalls before the monsoon finally sets it. These could bring the mercury down and bring relief for 24-48 hours, said Devendra Pradhan, deputy director of meteorology. \"It's difficult to predict when the squalls are likely to hit. We expect one in the next 48 hours but can't be sure. The conditions that trigger a thunderstorm keep changing so a prediction is difficult before 12 hours,\" Pradhan explained. Kolkata recorded a maximum temperature of 37.7 degrees celsisus and a maximum humidity of 85% on Sunday.The continuing discomfort in Kolkata was due to the incursion of moisture from the Bay of Bengal, said weathermen. While winds from the south-east were carrying moisture into the land from the sea, the wind speed was not yet sufficient to carry the moisture to the Chhotanagpur Plateau. Only after enough moisture has reached the plateau can it help to precipitate a squall. Wind direction and speed play an important part in determining whether the storm clouds will reach Kolkata.\"It takes around 8 to 10 days for monsoon to strike once it has reached the Kerala coast. We expect it to reach the coast by the middle of this week. Another week-and-half should see the rains arrive in Kolkata. But conditions might change once again so let's keep our fingers crossed,\" added Pradhan.Weathermen in Kolkata were keenly monitoring the progress of monsoon which has been more or less normal till now. It slowed down a bit last week, though. Unless the rains arrive, there would be no long-term relief from the stifling heat and humidity, the Met office said.\"Squalls can bring temporary relief that won't last more than 48 hours. Only the monsoon can neutralize the moisture effect and bring the humidity down. So, the next two weeks are going to be crucial,\" a weather official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13791746", "title": "New panel soon to redress MPs\u2019 complaints of protocol breach", "text": "NEW DELHI: Parliament will soon have a new committee to deal with administrative high-handedness or official misbehaviour with MPs, a move which reflects the spike in such complaints in recent months.The proposal, a brainchild of Speaker Meira Kumar , could result in an increase in punishment for protocol violations concerning MPs. The political class is sure to be happy at the possibility, given the way more and more members are crying foul with officials and state governments.The complaints touched the nadir in the just-concluded budget session when members recounted their sorry tales in Lok Sabha . A Congress MP from Gujarat, Prabha Kishore Taviad, earned bipartisan support when she showed bruises on her arms to allege manhandling by cops in her constituency. BJP MP from Andaman Bishnupad Ray alleged that a joint secretary in the home ministry pushed him out of his room when he went to meet him.While such complaints are often referred to the privileges committee, Parliament's dilemma is that only \"exceptional\" cases qualify for the serious charge of breach of privileges. Casually treating even minor issues for privileges could result in serious punishment for minor infractions and could invite a debate on misuse of privileges, already a sore point among sections of society. Thus, most cases raised by MPs in Parliament fall through the punishment net, leading to despair among members.Sources said the new 'committee on complaints' would ensure proper probe and punishment in violations that are not big enough to qualify for breach of privileges but are also not too trivial to be ignored. A member said the aspect of privileges would be dealt by the 'committee on privileges' but other violations like protocol for MPs could go the new panel.It will mark a big step in addressing parliamentarians' grievance that officials do not accord them due seriousness when they approach them for work. The issue acquired serious overtones to nudge the Union personnel ministry to issue a detailed circular to all states in December 2011.The circular advised that civil servants should show due courtesy to MPs, should rise to receive and see off an MP visiting him and reply to their letters at the earliest. Also, it said MPs should be invited to functions in districts and intimated about important developments etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13792869", "title": "Special traffic regulations as new academic year begins", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Special traffic regulations will be put in place in view of the beginning of the new academic year.Special instructions have been given to vehicles carrying students to various schools located at Pattom to drop students at the schools and park their vehicles along the Kesavadasapuram-MG college-Paruthippara stretch, Marappalam-Kuravankonam stretch, near G G Hospital, Kumarapuram to avoid traffic congestion.Parking restrictions will also be there at Ulloor, Kesavadasapuram, Pattom and PMG junctions. Tipper lorries and trucks have been asked to refrain from the roads during the school hours within the city limit.Strict action will be taken against those who indulge in drunken driving and those who use mobile phones while driving.Private vehicle owners will also have to make sure that they do not park their vehicles near school zones or on major streets close to schools. Those who park their vehicles on footpaths will be liable for strict punishment.KSRTC buses and private buses have also been asked to make use of bus bays for parking the buses.Shool authorities have been asked to co-ordinate with the school safety officer, principal and teachers and student police cadets along with the police to prevent accidents.Strict action will be taken against school vehicles that are found to be violating any norms. Any complaints or grievances related to traffic can be 0communicated to the following numbers:1099,9497990006, 9497987001, 9497987002,949799005.Parking restrictions will also be there at Ulloor, Kesavadasapuram, Pattom and PMG junctions", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13791883", "title": "Chander Mohan joins Haryana Janhit Congress", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Former Haryana deputy chief minister Chander Mohan, who has been in near political wilderness following his controversial second marriage to Fiza Mohammed, on Sunday left the the ruling Congress and joined Haryana Janhit Congress (HJC), floated by his late father Bhajan Lal.During the special prayer session organized to mark the first death anniversary for his father, at Adampur on Sunday, he wore a yellow scarf, as HJC activists do, after former ministers and Bhajan loyalists Dharam Pal Malik and Ram Ji Lal asked him to join the family.Chandermohan, who was made deputy CM after his father was denied chief minsiter's post after 2005 elections, had to give up the post after his name shot into controversies due to his relationship with former assistant AG Anuradha Bali aka Fiza Mohammad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13809854", "title": "Corporate India has 'green' concerns", "text": "Environmental concern and promotion of good environmental practices is increasingly being taken seriously by corporate India. Mithila Mehta explores the trendThe green wave has taken the workplace by storm. It may have started off as a fad, but has translated itself into a movement which is here to stay. Whether on an individual level thorough the efforts of employees, or through large-scale organisational initiatives, the avenues to make a difference are plentiful. Terms like 'sustainability' and 'carbon footprint' are doing the rounds of offices pretty frequently nowadays.\"The green initiatives have been growing in magnitude and budgetary support over the years. These have a positive impact on the organisation's corporate reputation, so it truly is a win-win situation for all those concerned,\" says Manan Desai, an associate at the Frontier Strategy Group. Along with the feel-good factor associated with supporting an environmental cause, the returns can be tangible as well. Body Shop, for example, has converted their support for sustainable and environmentally beneficial practices into a competitive advantage of sorts. In a trend catching on quickly, companies are increasingly volunteering to undergo an annual environmental audit, to highlight their green practices.MNCs, today, are actively engaging themselves in promotion of environmental causes. Google, for example, is gradually switching to renewable energy (such as wind power) and greening their power supply. Coco Cola is actively involved in the cause of water stewardship. Their community watershed programmes are designed to support healthy watersheds and sustainable programmes to balance the water used throughout their production process. The company also has a focussed view on energy efficiency.Seemingly simple initiatives can go a long way. \"My organisation has put up posters in common areas to sensitise employees to environmental issues. Every quarter, we must partake in an activity (such as a clean-up drive) under the organisation's banner.Currently, my organisation is running a 'One Cup a Day' initiative, where employees are encouraged to reuse their paper cup throughout the day,\" shares media planner Shreya Sheth.Some organisations are going beyond conventional green practices and coming up with interesting, innovative and impactful initiatives. Reveals Amrita Mukherjee, who works in the marketing department of an MNC in Mumbai, \"Our organisation plans to hold a poster competition for the children of the employees, where the children make use of 'used paper' for their posters. Last year, her organisation organised a major activity in conjunction with the United Nations , where each employee contributed Rs 50 to purchase a sapling. In total, 10,563 saplings were purchased.\"Product manager Kartikeya Shah has suggestions for several devices which can help organisations perform their environmental duties better. \"Offices can use tubular day lighting devices (that bring sunlight, minus the heat) into a room. There is no electricity cost of running these. They can also install infrared controlling films that don't allow heat into a room, so the requirement for air-conditioning is very limited. Additionally, offices can use films such as Di-noc in their interiors. These look and feel exactly like wood (of virtually any type), but do not require the cutting down of trees.\"Even individual actions can have a profound impact on saving the environment. Says Supriya Sharma, a project manager at Zee Learn in Mumbai, \"Conserving paper is very important, especially given the magnitude of paper wastage seen in the workplace. A green office should also have a lot of native plants, which can help maintain the ambient temperature.\" Activities like cycling or walking to work, can also help your general fitness levels alongwith positive implications on the environment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "13803374", "title": "Mangoes can help fight flab: Study", "text": "MELBOURNE: Eating few mango varieties could help you lose weight , but only if you eat the skin you normally throw away, Australian researchers have claimed.Advising that while eating the wrong variety of this fruit could have the opposite effect.University of Queensland scientists have found the skins of the common Irwin and Nam Doc Mai varieties contain compounds that inhibit the formation of human fat cells.On contrary, the skin of the Kensington Pride mango has compounds that promote fat cell growth, according AAP report.Mike Gidley said lab tests involved exposing human fat cells to extracts from the skin and flesh of three varieties.He said there was a long way to go, but the findings opened up the possibility of a supplement that could help fight obesity.\"The next stage is to identify the useful molecules in the peel that inhibited fat cell formation,\" Gidley said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13794920", "title": "Indore: Students look up to new career options", "text": "INDORE: Increasing competition and an uncertain future after graduation are weaning away students from traditional degree courses. More students are now keen on pursuing courses in fashion designing, photography, hotel management, mobile application development and like.Stiff competition among the children reflects in the results with an increasing number of students scoring 90% or more aggregate in the 12th board examination in the city. These students now look up on newer options steering away from run-of-the-mill career options.City counsellors strongly opine that several new career options also offer students myriads of job opportunities and greater area of expertise.TOI spoke to some of the city- based educational counsellors who said there was a distant change in the preference of students who are looking to odd combinations and courses.Fashion: Neeta Mathur, fashion expert in a city based institute of modern day careers says, \"With increased awareness among people in Indore, more students are opting for the field of fashion designing every year. Regardless of 10+2 subjects, students are keen towards opting fashion designing as a career.Other than entrepreneurial initiatives by starting their own fashion studio, career avenues like fashion illustrator, quality control manager, fashion co-ordinator, fashion choreographer are fast catching students' fancy. Students after procuring a degree or a diploma in fashion designing can apply to garment export units in both foreign and domestic clothing brands. Students keen on working with the media industry can also apply as fashion journalists and editors.Photography: with increased awareness about the art of photography in Indore, more students are opting for photography as a career option. The city has registered an increased number of students interested in photography. As per one of the city based photographers, more number of girls are showing an inclination towards opting photography as a career option.Hemshankar Pathak, director, Institute of Photographic Art says, \"This field calls for talented young minds. Local brands and manufacturers are following MNC culture of creating attractive brochures and catalogues. This requires quality commercial photographers at work.\" Interestingly, photography students can also work with several media houses and as freelancers.Video game designing: There are several animation insititutes in the city which offer courses in video game designing. Video game designing includes game designing, background and character designing. Renowned video game development companies hire skilled personnel to come up with new game designs.Sarita Narvare, counsellor at a city-based animation institution says \"Scope in video gaming desinging has increased vastly over a period of time. More students are taking up the course. Every year around 20% increase has been recorded in the number of students who register for this course.\" Some other city based counsellors also say that more number of boys opt for courses in video game designing.Mobile Application development: A specialisation in mobile application development has become the in-thing among tech-savvy students. Students with a graduation degree in information technology (IT) or computer science (CS) are eligible for such courses. Courses like Flab .Net, Flab Macintosh and Flab Java are the most sought after mobile development courses.With the advent of technology and in this iGeneration, a number of mobile and software companies are hiring specialists in mobile application development who develop new apps for various mobile companies. Blackberry, Apple, Microsoft, Nokia and other companies regularly hire professionals.Wine tasting: Students after procuring a degree in hotel management can also go in for a profession specialising in wine tasting. Students with a fetish for wines can apply to several insititutes in India and abroad for courses which train them to become sommeliers.\"Students of hotel management can also apply for internships in good hotels. Those interested to become sommeliers can further do a course in wine tasting. Attending training sessions organised by several wine companies also helps one specialise in the field.\" says Rajat Bawa, Food and Beverage Executive, Radisson Blu hotel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13797245", "title": "\u2018Prepaid\u2019 autos at airport take passengers for a ride", "text": "Operating with impunity under the nose of airport officials and traffic police, a group of automen has been fleecing domestic fliers for the past few weeks at Santa Cruz airport terminal.Said an airline passenger, requesting anonymity, \"A couple of days back, I arrived in Mumbai and went to the auto stand-located at the extreme end after the cool cab and black-and-yellow taxi stands, a driver in white uniform led me to an auto and asked me to board it. The auto driver asked me for a prepaid receipt, which I said I did not have. He then told me that prepaid service had started from the airport and it would cost Rs 250 to go to Kandivli.\"Unaware that there is no prepaid auto service from the airport, the passenger fell into the trap. \"The driver told me that I would have to get down with my luggage, walk a long distance to the prepaid booth to buy a receipt and there could be a queue at the booth. So, I decided to pay the driver directly,\" he added.He realized only after a day that he was fleeced after a friend told him the airport did not have prepaid autos.Another woman passenger, said she too had been conned recently. \"I got into an auto at the airport to go to Andheri (E). The driver said he was plying on prepaid basis and charged Rs 150.\" The journey cost thrice the normal fare. \"It's frustrating to know you paid three times the fare. Action should be taken against them. Why can't airport officials or cops keep a check?\" she asked.A driver, who operates at the airport, requesting anonymity, said, \"Some drivers keep three different tariff cards, one with fares higher by a few rupees, second with inflated fares up to 30% and a third with abnormal fares (example Rs 300 for Malad, Rs 500 for Borivli, etc). Depending on how gullible the passenger is, the drivers show the respective tariff card.\"\"Some drivers take a passenger for till about a kilometre, and then say that there's a problem with the engine or gear box. The passenger is then taken to a taxi stand and has no choice but to shift to a taxi. The auto drivers get a commission from cabbies, whose taxi meters are rigged,\" sources said.Union leader Shashank Rao said such drivers did not belong to any auto union. \"In fact,wehave been demanding a prepaid stand at the airport.\" A traffic cop said that passengers should complain to constables at the airport. But a word of caution-there is no prepaid auto service anywhere in Mumbai. Service may commence by year-end: Govt Mumbai: While autorickshaw drivers are busy fleecing people, the state transport department is seriously considering introducing prepaid autos at the airport.Sources in the department said the government has already begun a study on the feasibility of prepaid autos at the domestic airport and outside three railway stations in the city.A senior official at the Mantralaya said, \"It will take a few months, but we are likely to commence the operations before year-end.\"Auto union leader Shashank Rao has written to the RTO officials, saying that the union would assist the transport department in running the stands, if required. \"We plan to appoint auto unions to run the prepaid service outside railway stations and at the airport. This will ensure that errant drivers and the notorious cartels stay away from these stands,\" an RTO official stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13791540", "title": "Ranvir Sena chief\u2019s murder: Civil society shocked at police inaction", "text": "PATNA: The unprecedented vandalism indulged in the state capital on Saturday by a mob that had come from Ara to cremate the slain Ranvir Sena founder Brahmeshwar Singh has left the civil society members here shocked. A day after the incident, they wondered why did the police remain a silent spectator when public property was being vandalized.Razi Ahmad, secretary, Gandhi Sangrahalaya said, \"I feel scared after the Saturday's incident, because it was virtual surrender of the state before rowdy elements. If a state entrusted with the job of protecting civil society reacts like this, who would come to our rescue. It has sent a message that any mob of 10,000 people can hold the state capital to ransom.\"D M Diwakar, director, A N Sinha Institute of Social Studies, said this incident could adversely affect the changing image of Bihar. \"It had strived very hard to send a positive message to the world that it was changing for the better, but this one incident has dented that image,\" he said.He added, \"Primarily, it was the duty of the police to maintain law and order. Now, when chief minister was not in town, state DGP Abhyanand should have acted proactively. \"Why did the police fail to get a message when its own chief was manhandled at Ara? Why didn't it ask Ranvir Sena activists to take an alternative route from the bypass in the city instead of allowing them to take the busy roads?\" he asked.\"Abhyanand gave a statement that the police didn't act because it could have further aggravated the situation. It is a lame excuse,\" Diwakar said.Shaibal Gupta, member secretary, Asian Development Research Institute, suspected a foul play. \"I believe it happened with the connivance of the administration and the lumpens. It was a deliberate move to defame the government of Nitish Kumar. Had the police fired in the air, the situation would not have gone out of control,\" he said.Dr Imtiaz Ahmad, director, Khuda Bakhsh Public Library, said, \"The incident exposed how ill-prepared our police were. The baton charge at Income-Tax roundabout was merely cosmetic.\"And what about those who bore the brunt at the ground level? J D Women's College principal Usha Singh said, \"We had an examination at that time in our college. The girls were about to leave the college when the vandalism started. We asked them to stay back till the situation normalized.\"Bihar Industries Association (BIA) president K P S Keshri said, \"The traders were forced to shut their shops.\" He, however, added, \"I don't think one such incident should become the parameter of judging the law and order in the state. I think it should be properly probed whether all the mobsters were Ranvir Sena activists.\"However, for social scientists, the problem involves more than a law and order issue. Hetukar Jha, the retired professor of sociology in Patna University, says, \"Of course, the police is to be held responsible, but the issue is much deeper. There is an unholy nexus between those who caused ruckus and those supposed to prevent it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13796034", "title": "Career in animation", "text": "A career in animation and gaming is a popular trend nowadays . Animation is an emerging field where one can explore his or her creativity or power of imagination .It has not just remained in the periphery of movies and advertisements as the use of animation is being done in different kinds of professional fields.Sectors including aviation , medical, information technology, architecture, hospitality, banking or insurance, use graphics extensively for professional presentations. However, the initial stages to building a career in animation is to study a course that includes hands-on modules and gives an insight into the finer aspects of this particular field.With this in mind, Kanse College of Digital Arts is launching its degree course in animation, gaming and VFX from this academic session.The institute with its first college in Noida, will be offering training on live Indian and international animation and VFX feature film projects to its students .Talking about the institute Divya Seengal, member , governing council, Kanse College says, \"Animation has become one of the most sought-after professional courses among the youth of India. Here, we emphasise on providing practical knowledge to students through their participation in live projects that helps in enhancing creativity. Also, this practice gives an opportunity to students in building their portfolio for a better career ahead.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13788755", "title": "Minister stays transfers of foresters, guards", "text": "NAGPUR: The state government on Saturday stayed transfer and posting orders of over 700 foresters and forest guards in two forest circles after several complaints of irregularities.As per the policy, 30% employees of the cadre strength can be transferred. Accordingly, around 700 forest guards and foresters were eligible for transfer in 2012.In Dhule circle comprising West Dhule, Shahada, Yawal, Jalgaon, and Taloda divisions - 150 forest guards and 35 foresters were shifted, while remaining were transferred to Nagpur circle comprising Nagpur, Wardha, Bhandara and Gondia divisions.On Saturday Bhaskar Jadhav, minister of state for forest, urban development, law and justice, stayed the transfers after complaints of large-scale irregularities.\"I have received several complaints from people's representatives that irregularities have been committed by the respective chief conservators of forests (CCFs). The CCFs have also misguided me while effecting the transfers,\" says the letter issued by the minister.CCF of Nagpur CR Gajbhiye, who effected the transfers, retired on May 31. Jarnail Singh, CCF Dhule, told TOI that transfers were done as per the rules and policy.\"I've not received the minister's letter and hence I don't want to comment,\" Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13807673", "title": "Viswanathan Anand: Fifth world title toughest in terms of intensity", "text": "CHENNAI: Of all the five world titles he has won so far, Indian chess wizard Viswanathan Anand has rated the latest one as the toughest in terms of intensity.Anand has been the undisputed world champion since 2007 and he is back in the country after defending his fifth world title, against challenger Boris Gelfand of Israel.\"When you finish an event progressive, it is the toughest ever. It was certainly the longest world championship as such. If you see earlier matches, I finished in game 11 and game 12 but this one went to the tie breaker. I think in terms of intensity this was the toughest,\" Anand said on Monday.Anand said he is aware of the legacy that the fifth world title has created in Indian chess but he just wants to focus on his own game right now.\"At the moment I am aware that it (the legacy) exists but beyond that I do not think about it. When I was in Moscow defending this title, I could not care less whether it was the fifth or the first.\"I simply wanted to defend it. At that point you don't have luxury to think of what it means. It took it in the perspective and simply wanted to get it over,\" he said.Talking about Gelfand, Anand said the Israeli was a tough nut to crack and had loads of experience to counter whatever he threw at him.\"Boris (Gelfand) is very experienced. He has played in many top events and against top players. He has very close and deep relationships with top players. I did not expect him to lack experience but he might have lacked the actual experience of playing in a World Championship,\" he said.His game was criticised by Russian legend Garry Kasparov while the Championship was on but Anand brushed it aside as nothing more than comments from someone who regrets leaving chess for politics.\"I think he has some regret that he retired. This is about being at the centre of attraction of chess tournaments again. I think he is someone who gives an impression that he wants to play chess again. That is my take on it,\" he said.Recalling his preparations for the big event, Anand said it was an exhausting build-up.\"My training camp was more than three months. For actual event, I was in Moscow for just under a month. I think while the event was happening it was funny. I was feeling that I was in Moscow for two months because the intensity was too high. Though the event finished on Wednesday, it feels weeks back,\" Anand said.\"So the funny thing is when you are there, time seems to go slow. It is just the perspective of having the match over and suddenly the time recedes very fast and when you are going through it, it is very slow,\" he added.Anand said losing game seven came as a real shock to him during the match and it ultimately proved to be the turning point.\"Game seven was a disaster. I cannot remember such a bad show by me in my time. I did not sleep and finally I gave up and went to sleep around 5.30 in the morning. That was worst simply due to the tension and disappointment.\"The next day I could catch up with good sleep after winning the eighth game and equalise the scores. I felt a lot of tension,\" he said.Anand said his continuing success is also an indicator of Russia's loosening grip over international chess.\"The Russians presence in chess is not what the Soviet Union used to boast of. That is clear...you have to keep in mind that kind of domination they enjoyed in 50's and 60's is very hard to create now.\"Now the world has definitely become more diverse as so many countries play chess and so many Russians have migrated to all these countries. In effect, I would say that still they are a leading nation in world chess,\" he said.On the future of Indian chess, Anand said, \"The levels of participation have been going up. Lot of initiatives are coming together and the NIIT Mind Champion Academy has put the top out there. Chess has educational benefits. This idea is going forward and now we have a couple of initiatives complementing that.\"\"India has lot of talent. What I am happy with is that the talent keeps on coming. Certainly it could be nice though I am not terribly keen on seeing my successor yet,\" he quipped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13809424", "title": "Wedding bells for Piyush Sahdev &amp; Akangsha Rawat!", "text": "Wedding bells are ringing for telly couple Piyush Sahdev and Akangsha Rawat who will get married on 25th June 2012.The couple, who first met through friends and later fell in love, are set to formalize their union. Sources inform that the venue has been confirmed and the wedding ceremony will take place at the Iskcon Temple. Both Piyush and Akangsha hail from Delhi, where they will keep a reception for family and friends in the capital.Sources further inform that there is a mehendi and sangeet function in the pipeline preceded by a bachelor's party where surprisingly, Akangsha will also be present. Piyush is currently seen in Hum Ne Li Hai... Shapath on Life OK.Here's wishing Piyush and Akangsha all the best for a new beginning!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13796706", "title": "New fields in economics", "text": "Economics (Honours), one of the most sought-after courses in Delhi University , has a number of emerging academic options at the Master's level. According to a faculty member in Lady Shri Ram College (LSR), students pursuing economics have scopes for higher education at both the Master's and PhD level. Also, there is a lot of scope in research areas for students after completing their graduation . Following graduation, students can pursue finance at the Master's level, join Indian Statistical Institute (ISI), go for business economics and also go for management courses.Apart from this, a lot of students also go abroad for higher studies. Even Jawaharlal Nehru University (JNU) offers a number of courses in this field. The emerging fields in academics and industry at the postgraduate level include econometrics, insurance, risk management and actuarial sciences. All these fields involve applying core principles of economics and quantitative analysis.As far as job opportunities are concerned, there is scope in this field. After completing their Master's and PhD, students can join banks, corporate firms and research institutes , to mention a few.\"There are around 80 seats for economics (Honours) in LSR,\" says Arvind Kumar, senior faculty, LSR. To be eligible for the course, students need to clear +2 with maths and English as compulsory subjects. Cut-off for the course was above 90% last year and is expected to increase this academic session.\"Because of high placement opportunities in economics, the subject has been gaining popularity among students in recent times. In a new trend, several MNCs visit the campus to hire economics graduates, which was not the case a few years ago,\" adds Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13796474", "title": "'It is difficult to imagine our lives without technology'", "text": "Trisha Mahajan Second year, Master's in Journalism and Mass Communication, University School of Mass Communication, Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University (GGSIPU)The importance of technology in the modern world can hardly be overstated . One way or the other, technology affects almost everything we do today and it also influences most of our plans for the future . In our everyday life, we owe mass media and technology for our modern way of life. When we use a cellular phone to call our friend, watch a DVD on television, listen to songs recorded on a CD, listen to radio, surf the internet for news, read newspapers to get knowledge about the world or the magazines for entertainment or fashion, we enjoy the benefits of information communications technology.The revolutionary developments in the mass media have changed it from the old stand-alone technologies to the new convergent technologies. One form is now a convergence of two other forms.We have come a long way since the time 'kabootars' were the messengers or there were 'Doots' (human messengers) or other ancient message delivery systems. Nowadays delivering a message quickly and efficiently by various forms of mass media is like a piece of cake.Media content delivered through the television provides audio-visual appeal. With the ecommerce and social networking sites, the world has come close to us. Newspapers provide us with the detailed stories with a morning cup of tea, whereas, for the tech- savvy generation, e-papers serve the purpose as they can be accessed from anywhere and anytime. Radio commercials and popular TV shows attract a larger audience. Delivering content to the masses is no longer a task that is as cumbersome as it used to be.What would we be without technology? Without it, knowledge would not have been disseminated as efficiently throughout the world. The message would have been hard to deliver to the right audience at the right time at the right place. Without mass communication , our technological growth would most certainly have been stunted from lack of information .It is difficult to imagine our lives without the various forms of media. In fact, right from dusk to dawn, it is 'technology' that makes our life easier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "13790493", "title": "Mani surfaces, says will step down if necessary", "text": "KOTTAYAM: The CPM Idukki district secretary, M M Mani, made his first public appearance after the controversial speech last week to attend the district committee meeting of the party at Cheruthony.Mani said if the state leadership wanted him to step down, he would do so. \"Action from the party need not necessarily be suspension or going on leave,\" he said. He, however, warned that if anyone tried to trap him in a false case, thousands will come forward to resist.\"People like P T Thomas are striving hard to finish my political career. First, they stuck a notice at the party office. When they realized it was not right, they stuck it at my home,\" he said.Mani said that he will fight counter the cases against him politically as well as legally. \"I have not even thought about vacating the post of district secretary of the party,\" he said, adding that . It is the media which is propagating such false news, he added.Chief minister Oommen Chandy said the law would take its own course against Mani. Chandy said if the government didn't take legal action against Mani,the CPM leader it would be seen as a failure of the rule of the law.Mani, who claimed that he was at home all these days, admitted that the controversial speech was a mistake. The case charged on the basis of the speech was a conspiracy of the UDF government and police, he said.He evaded questions on leader of opposition V S Achuthanandan, saying he was least interested in matters related to the veteran CPM leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13813568", "title": "Web\u2019s the way to go?", "text": "It was inevitable. Prime time television had to be caught in the worldwide web too. IPL5's telecast on Set Max was an eye-opener for the broadcaster this year. The viewership number had shrunk drastically from the first edition of the cricket carnival. In fact, the online viewership of IPL 5 rose by 55%, as more and more viewers opted for the live streaming option available on the web to the telly screen viewing option.Keeping the significant viewership chunk in mind, a biz-savvy Aamir Khan has also taken the live streaming option for Satyamev Jayate , his chat show airing currently on Star Plus, DD and other bouquet channels of Star India. In March 2012 Zee New Media launched the first over-the-top (OTT) TV distribution platform, Ditto TV which will provide video-on-demand and television content to customers using content on mobile, laptops etc. Times Group also has plans to launch BoxTV.com, that will enable viewers to watch latest films and TV shows online.In fact, way back in the 90s, web serials were crafted and designed in the US and UK and streamed online for online viewers. In sync with a super-small screen experience, web serials are short and snappy. Action is quick, can be viewed whenever, wherever, and for free. There are even web serials like The Guild (2007), made by NRIs which have achieved 'cult status.In India internet TV is a concept that's catching up now. Daily soaps don't have the live streaming facility, but most top general entertainment channels have websites with HD videos of the episodes of their leading soaps available for free viewing, hours after the actual telecast on TV. The growing breed of online viewers are taken so seriously that even episode nuggets, teasers and future tracks are sometimes first revealed on Facebook and Twitter pages of soaps to create more hype before the show actually airs. Television stars and production houses routinely interact with their cyber fans and share experiences/offer hints of storylines.Producers like Ekta Kapoor interact with aspiring actors on Facebook account. Ekta has been known to pick up youngsters and offer them lead roles in her show, simply by chatting with them online. Telly hottie Karan Kundra's rise to TV superstardom was facilitated via FB. A significant chunk of online viewers are young audiences based in the US, UK, Middle East etc and routinely follow the trials and tribulations of their telly heartthrobs on the web. Youth based shows have a huge online following. The now defunct Star One had a huge online viewership for its shows, Dill Mill Gayye , Geet Hui Sab Se Parayi , Miley Jab Hum Tum and Pyaar Kii Yeh Ek Kahani . Typically now, shows with a slightly younger appeal, like Iss Pyaar Ko Kya Naam Doon? , Ek Hazaron Mein Meri Behna Hai, Punar Vivah, Dil Dosti Dance, Humse Hai Life etc have a bigger online viewership over the regular saas-bahu shows. Youtube , DailyMotion and a slew of other sites upload entire chunks of the shows for free viewing. In single TV households, the remote rests in the hands of the woman who calls the shots, but in the wonderful world of web, there are umpteen hits on replay buttons, and ads-free viewing.It is now up to producers and TV channels to leverage the web viewership to their advantage and generate revenue options too. And who knows in the near future even viewership measurement agencies will consider the online viewers as significant sample bases for TRPs/TVRs. Because, numbers do matter, a lot when it comes to the world of soaps!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13797504", "title": "Other sports get bowled by cricket", "text": "Mumbaikars wanting to play hockey or football suffer due to lack of grounds. Organizers of National and International events also shun cityNot only does Mumbai have few playgrounds, but much of the available space is sacrificed for cricket or rented out for private events. Sauter Vaz, honorary secretary, Western India Football Association and Mumbai District Football Association, says it was so difficult to rent a ground in Mumbai that they hosted their Elite League matches at Vashi. \"The university ground has been booked for two months for IPL matches, but the ground is being used for parking purposes,\" he says.During the monsoon, no club rents out a ground for football as they claim it damages the pitch beyond repair. At Shivaji Park, Dadar, there is a small patch for football, the rest is taken over by cricket.An athlete on condition of anonymity says that in the early 1990s, it was common to see athletes train at the university ground. Not anymore. \"Except for the Priyadarshini Park at Nepean Sea Road, another ground at Sion and one in Kandivli, there are no grounds for athletics,\" he says.The Andheri Sports Complex has become a hot zone for Bollywood events. \"There is hardly any sport happening there. And one has to be a member to access it,\" says Deepak Amonkar, an Andheri resident.The city, despite its financial clout, does not host many national or international sports events. \"Except for cricket, no other sports association, be it badminton, squash, tennis, athletics or golf, holds any major tournament in the city,\" says a sports observer. Delhi is the favourite city for national and international events. Bangalore is favoured for athletics and Chennai for badminton and other events. Former Olympic gold medallist and Indian hockey captain M M Somaya says the city has only one hockey ground. \"Playgrounds are not recreation spaces but nurseries for future champions. Mumbai cannot host an international hockey event because it has only one venue. Every international tournament is held in Delhi,\" he says. TOI interactiveWe asked readers if Mumbai's ability to be a global hub and world-class destination is dented by the poor availability of open spaces. Here are some responses:Yes, this is true. Mumbaikars don't have open spaces to unwind and de-stress. The odd hour that one spends in an open space, away from city life, readies one for the hectic work week. We need many more open spaces for Mumbai to become a world-class city.Manisha Haji Iwould like to point out that the pristine Aarey Milk Colony in Goregaon (E) is in the process of being damaged by people with vested interests like politicians, developers and bureaucrats. The Aarey forest is a green lung of the city. Of late, trees are being hacked in the area in the name of civil projects. Recently, many were hacked down for the construction of a drain in the area. Politicians and developers are eyeing the forest land for housing projects, etc. So, in the next five to ten years, the entire forest may disappear. - Varun S JoshiWe just want the city to become a livable place.Shashank Bendre Today's debate: Should sports and civic authorities start ensuring that spaces are kept across the city for hockey, football, athletics and other non-cricketing endeavours?Nayana Kathpalia, Convenor of citispace: \"The Transfer of Development Rights policy has resulted in the BMC obtaining many open spaces. The civic body must declare where these plots are.\"Viren Rasquinha, former captain of the Indian Hockey team: \"I grew up in Bandra and was lucky to play at St Stanislaus, which has three grounds for hockey and football. Sport makes a huge difference even if the child does not play competitively. He or she learns lessons in team spirit and communication. Outdoor sports build character. These days, not only are children getting fewer open spaces, but parents want the focus only on studies. Children think of recreation merely in terms of computer games or cellphones.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13789336", "title": "Mason's death in mishap triggers violent protest", "text": "HYDERABAD: Two persons lost their lives in separate road mishaps in the city in the night on Saturday. In the first case, the death of a 38-year-old mason in a road accident in Shamirpet triggered violent protests by locals who damaged a police vehicle on Saturday night.Also on Saturday, a transport company manager, who arrived at a murder scene in Petbasheerabad to help police move a DCM van, lost his life after coming under the wheels of another vehicle.M Yadgiri, 38, a mason from Medak district's Karkapatla, died when he was hit by a truck at Uddamarri near Shamirpet. The mishap occurred while Yadgiri was returning home from work on his bike.Subsequently, Shamirpet police reached the spot where the victim's family members had already gathered. It was when cops allowed the truck driver to leave with his vehicle that the family members and locals became furious suspecting the law and order personnel of having come to an understanding with the truck owner. It was then the turn of Shamirpet inspector P Kasi Reddy to rush to the spot to pacify the mob but not before the police vehicle was damaged by the locals. A case was booked against the truck driver under section 304-A of the IPC.In the second incident, Chattar Singh, 25, manager of a transport firm located in Qutbullapur was crushed under the wheels of a tipper in Petbasheerabad. Singh had been summoned by the Petbasheerabad police to help them move a DCM van belonging to the victims of a double murder.A seriously injured Singh was rushed to a nearby hospital where he succumbed while receiving treatment on Sunday morning.Police said that the tipper driver was absconding. A case was booked against the tipper driver under section 304-A (causing death due to rash or negligent act) of the Indian Penal Code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13795118", "title": "Police grope as kingpin behind timber trader's murder still at large", "text": "INDORE: Almost one month passed after a gang of five looters brutally murdered a timber merchant at Khatiwala Tank in the city and decamped with gold and cash worth lakhs, the police are yet to arrest the kingpin behind the incident.The five-member gang broke into the house of Jasveer Singh Chhabra, a local timber trader and battered him fatally on May 5 and decamped with gold and cash in a well-planned operation. Chhabra succumbed to the injuries at the hospital.Talking to ToI additional superintendent of police (ASP), crime branch, Manoj Rai confirmed that the leader of the gang identified as Suraj Pardi is still at large adding that efforts are on to trace Suraj and he would be netted soon.A few days after the gruesome murder, the police arrested four members of the gang. Two accused identified as Deva alias Kadha and Chikaan alias Chikan were arrested from Guna district and Kalia and Kheru were nabbed from Kurukshetra in Hariyana.The police also found the coffer which was looted from Chhabra's house from Kshipra River.Many teams of cops were constituted and sent to various parts of the country to nab the looters.The accused entered in the house at around 3.30 am on May 5 after breaking grill of the window. They locked the room, where his children were sleeping, from outside. They entered in the room where Jasveer and his wife were sleeping. They attacked them with a bat after tying them to the bed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13792377", "title": "CM asks Central University of Jharkhand VC to prepare job road map", "text": "RANCHI: Chief minister Arjun Munda has asked the vice-chancellor of Central University of Jharkhand (CUJ) to prepare a road map for employment generation in the state.The chief minister has asked CUJ VC DT Khating to prepare a road map that will ensure employment for maximum number of youths by associating them with small scale industries and developing their skills by organizing short duration courses.Sources at the CM's secretariat said Khating has been asked to coordinate with other universities and NGOs to prepare a road map for enhancing employability of youths of the state over the next five years.\"The decision of chief minister assumes importance because thousands of youths migrate to far off places in search of jobs and, at times, are even cheated by middlemen. The chief minister wants that the youths should get gainful employment close to their native place so that they don't get trapped by the allurement of middlemen who promise a fortune and take them to places like Delhi, Mumbai and Gurgaon,\" said a source adding that by the time the boys realize the fraud its too late. Some of them don't return home fearing criticism by neighbours and friends, the source added.\"The vice-chancellor has been asked to develop short-duration courses for skill enhancement of rural youths, improvement of traditional skills in entrepreneurship development with help from experts from various universities,\" said an official.This apart, some short-term courses will also be designed for computer operations and paramedical studies so that sufficient number of technicians are available in semi urban areas and villages.The VC has also been requested to explore the possibility of taking help from University Grant Commission to organize training programmes and seminars for youths of Jharkhand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13788831", "title": "When women safeguard their family", "text": "NAGPUR: One festival, one purpose but it is observed on two different dates as one moves from the north to southern part of India.Vat Savitri vrat is a matter of faith. It is an emulative ritual as women in India believe that Savitri, a princess, could avoid her husband's death by holding a dialogue with Yam, as she sat under a vat or banyan tree. The symbolism is not lost on the devout. Bargad or vat tree is known for its age. But more than the tree it is the Moon that governs who celebrates when.In North India, the festival or the Vat vrat is observed on the amavasya or New Moon day though all other rituals and the manner of observing the fast remain the same. This practice became popular as Nirnay Sagar, a much followed scripture in the north, prescribes observing of vat savitri vrat on Vaishakh amavasya.On this day, the Sun and the Moon are together. Amavasya occurs when the Moon is closer to Sun. At this time Vrishabh rashi is in an exalted position and thus this date is governed by pitra. Women who worship on this day are actually worshipping the pitra to avoid a pitra like dasha in their lifetime. Taking charge of their destinies, they offer prayers via Yamraaj and ask him to ensure long lives of their husband.But as one moves to the western and southern states like Maharashtra, Gujarat, Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh, Vat Savitri is observed 15 days after it is celebrated in the North. This date is the Jyeshtha poornima. On this day, Sun and Moon are in opposite direction and Moon is in a debilitated site. Moon also represents women. As poornima is a day of Narayan, women donning the role of followers ask the lord for saubhagya or the well being of their spouse, family and home.The entire fortnight from amavasya to poornima involves worshipping of different trees at a gap of five days, like kanner, amla, culminating with banyan. The tenth day of the fortnight is the day of Ganga when all plants should be watered.Describing vat poornima as the more logical day for worship, Prabhod Vekhande, the head of the department of computer science at a city engineering institute, who also teaches astrology, says, \"In the north due to extensive foreign invasions and domination of rahu, death of the spouse was a common occurrence. Thus that became a primary concern and so women worshipped on amavasya. Fasting on amavasya is done by the wife.\"\"Actually, only if the spouse is suffering from a long illness should a woman fast on this day. But on poornima every woman, whether married, unmarried or single, can worship for the well being of the entire family. This is very relevant and enhances the status of womanhood,\" he says.Homemaker Deepali Saxena, who keeps the fast on amavasya, says that well being of the husband is the biggest saubhagya. \"There are many rituals involved. We keep a branch of a banyan tree in the puja and tie a red thread to it. A banyan leaf is also tied on the hair with the thread. Whatever be the reasons behind all this, fasting and observing these rituals give an inner satisfaction and a feeling of well-being,\" she adds.Terming these rituals as shackles that keep women away from progress, activist Seema Sakhare says modern women is herself working for prosperity of the family. \"Why should she observe these rituals? I would rather that they take up a tree plantation drive on this day or give support to their more deprived sisters. That too would truly enhance womanhood,\" she says.Vekhande thinks differently, \"working women who are increasingly moving away from these rituals are actually paving way for disintegration of family system. Prayers and rituals help families bond. Woman is at the centre of all these practices. Moving away will only lead to breakdown of home and family life. The rising numbers of divorces stand testimony to this,\" he claims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13790701", "title": "Stepmother throws boy into well, arrested", "text": "COIMBATORE: Police arrested a 25-year-old woman on Sunday for murdering her four-year-old step son by throwing into a well at Poomalur near Mangalam in Tirupur, following a quarrel with her husband on being affectionate to his son.Police said S Nataraj (42) of Samathottan near Poomalur in Tirupur district works in a powerloom unit at Palladam. A widower, Nataraj lives with his four-year-old son N Gokulraj after his wife Shanthi died of ill-health four years ago.Twenty days ago, Nataraj remarried Sudha (25). After the marriage, Sudha often quarreled with Nataraj to leave his son in a hostel. On Sunday morning, she fought with Nataraj for the same issue, but Nataraj refused and left for work.In a fit of rage, Sudha took Gokulraj to a well outside the village and threw him into it. Meanwhile, when Nataraj returned home in the afternoon, he didn't find his son and Sudha failed to give a proper reply.Later, some of the locals told Nataraj that his wife Sudha took the boy outside the village. When the locals and Nataraj searched for the boy, they found the body of the boy in a well and informed the Mangalam police. The police arrested Sudha, who later confessed to the crime.In yet another incident, a 37-year-old man was found dead in a bush at Palladam in Tirupur district on Sunday morning. His throat was slit by unknown persons.The deceased has been identified as P Valarmani (37) of Peruntholuvu near Pongalur. He was working in a textile firm at Tirupur. He was found dead in a deserted vacant land at Allapuram area. He had separated from his wife three years go and was living with his friends. Police said some unknown persons had murdered Valarmani over previous enmity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13808809", "title": "TCS, Infosys, Wipro vie for e-governance overhaul pie", "text": "NEW DELHI: MCA21, the government's ambitious e-governance programme for India Inc, is all set for an overhaul as the ministry of corporate affairs works on the next-generation version at a time when it faces increasing risks of corporate frauds. A host of top IT companies like TCS, Infosys and Wipro are believed to be vying for the prestigious project , which is estimated to have a budget of hundreds of crores of rupees.Corporate affairs minister Veerappa Moily said that bids have already been called for the second phase of MCA21 and a decision will be taken soon. \"We want to take this forward as early as possible,\" Moily told TOI here at a time when the ministry has sent the Rs 870-crore Reebok fraud case to the Serious Fraud Investigation Office ( SFIO).Moily said the thrust in the revamp of MCA21 will be on making the system more vigilant so that suspect activities of corporates could be tracked as early as possible. \"The idea is to roll out the next set of reforms . The focus will be to make the whole system transparent and make it a tool that acts as an early warning system against frauds,\" he said.The MCA21 programme was initiated in 2006 and the thrust of the e-activity was to start the adoption of secure electronic filing (e-Filing ) for all the services provided by the Registrar of Companies (ROC), including incorporation of a company, annual filing , registration of charges and other event-based filings.The project, which saw a reduction in time-consuming paperwork, cost the government upwards of Rs 300 crore. While the cost of the upgrade is not yet confirmed, sources say it could be in the same order , or even higher.The government feels that a greater thrust on computerization in regular corporate filings will give it enough scope to keep a check on illegal or lax activities by companies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13810796", "title": "India beats US, Japan in basic PC security: Report", "text": "NEW DELHI: India may have low penetration of computers, but it is ahead of countries like US, Japan and Singapore when it comes to basic PC protection, says a report by security software maker McAfee.It conducted a global study across 24 nations, analysing data from voluntary scans of an average of 27-28 million PCs per month to determine a global estimate of the number of consumers who have basic security software installed.Finland had the highest number of 90.3 per cent PCs with a basic security software solution in place, followed by Italy (86.2 per cent) and Germany (85.55 per cent).Basic security protection is defined as working anti- virus, anti-spyware and firewall technologies.India ranked 14th on the list with 82.67 per cent, while China ranked 17th (82 per cent), followed by Japan and US at the 19th spot (80.65 per cent) and Singapore at 22nd position (78.25 per cent). The global average stood at 83 per cent.According to estimates, India had a total installed base of over 60 million PCs at the end of 2011.\"Its gratifying to see that the majority of consumers have gotten the message that at the very least they need to have basic security protection installed,\" McAfee Co-President Todd Gebhart said.\"Protecting digital devices against cybercrime from malware not only benefits each of us personally, but also serves to discourage illicit activity and preserve the integrity of the Internet,\" he added.Cases of cyberattacks against banks, technology firms, e-stores and government agencies are on the rise and have cost millions of dollars worth of losses, McAfee said.However, 17 per cent of the PCs scanned either had no anti-virus installed or the software was installed, but disabled.Spain (16.3 per cent) topped the list of countries where the PCs scanned did not have a security solution in place, followed by Japan (13.2 per cent) and China (12.9 per cent).About 10.9 per cent of the PCs scanned in India did not have a security solution, placing India at the 8th spot.The study suggests often people do not understand that once the trial subscription expires (which came pre-installed with the PC), they are no longer protected.Some consumers may disable their security protection on purpose, for example to play online games, while some PC users believe they do not need protection if they simply adhere to safe surfing best practices, it added.\"Security software is consumers' first and, in many cases, only defence against cybercrime,\" the study said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13790517", "title": "Fetuses need oral cues, not stressed out moms", "text": "CHENNAI: Baby showers are becoming increasingly popular the world over, but doctors say there is a scientific reason behind the tradition of gifting bangles to pregnant women during such rituals in India: the fetus craves acoustic stimuli.\"Bangles are gifted to the women during the baby shower because the tinkle of the bangles provides acoustic stimuli for the baby,\" said Dr Geetha Haripriya, gynecologist and chairperson of Prashanth Hospitals. Studies have shown that cheerful or calming music reduces a pregnant woman's stress and depression and helps the fetus develop the ability to hear.A stressed out pregnant woman is more likely to give birth to a pre-term or underweight baby, gynecologists say.Doctors who attended the launch of a special programme for pregnant women, 'Thaimai', at Isha Arogya Centre on Sunday, said mental relaxation and physical exercise are more effective than any medicine they could prescribe for moms-to-be.Doctors say constant stress causes havoc because hormones released due to mental strain causes intrauterine growth restriction that decelerates fetal growth.\"I first became pregnant at 33. I was trying to balance family life and career and that left me completely stressed. My daughter weighed just 1.8kg when she was born,\" said Dr Anjalakshmi, head of SRM Medical College's department of gynaecology and obstetrics. \"Three months later I conceived again, but this time I was relaxed. My son was 3.4kg when he was born.\"\"Working women have to deal with deadlines and may forget to eat on time. They are also prone to anxiety, which compounds the problem. The fetus suffers due to inadequate nutrition and the baby will be underweight as a result,\" said Dr Kalaiselvi, president of the Obstetric and Gynaecological Society of Southern India ( OGSSI).The doctors stressed on the importance of physical activity that relaxes a pregnant woman's pelvic muscles and ligaments to make delivery easier. \"Many expectant women are sedentary and physical activity is limited. This can create complications during delivery,\" Dr Kalaiselvi said. Doctors say there has been a steady increase in caesarian deliveries, many of which could have been avoided if the woman's body was better prepared for childbirth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13792270", "title": "'State's sluggish GDP growth not surprising'", "text": "MANGALORE: The state has registered a growth that is less than the country's GDP growth of 6.5%. However, it has not come as a shocker for chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda and he does not foresee a situation in the immediate future where the trend will change. Gowda attributes the slow growth to global meltdown, rupee devaluation as well the severe drought that hit the state's agricultural growth badly. In an informal chat with TOI on Saturday, CM said, \"The reasons for the state not being among the top five states as far as GDP growth is concerned is there for all to see. Apart from severe drought that impinged agricultural sector growth, the state's continuing dependence on export earnings from IT/BT sector, which in turn is heavily influenced by global economic cues and the steady fall in rupee value has all added up to miserable numbers.\" With USA and Europe, epicentres of global meltdown registering near zero per cent growths in the last fiscal, CM said as and when those economies grow Karnataka tended to do well. \"This is also the reason why Gujarat despite growing at 9.1% has failed to make it to the top five states. BJP-ruled Gujarat is among those states that are highly export oriented and thrive on a vibrant economy in the USA and Europe,\" he added. These factors have prompted Karnataka to diversify its export basket. \"We are now actively pursuing the look east (and Africa) policy as the look west policy pursued so far is fraught with economic pitfalls,\" CM said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13790078", "title": "Gurgaon on edge: residents losing calm over crumbling facilities", "text": "The ongoing water and power crises in the rural as well as urban areas are soon reaching a flashpoint, jolting the civic agencies and turning into a law and order problem in Gurgaon district.In its own curious way, the issue of power and water shortage is bridging the rural-urban divide. On the one hand, aggrieved people of Islampur, Nathupur and Badshapur villages blocked Subhash Chowk, NH-8 and MG Road bringing the traffic to a halt, while residents of DLF colony have been protesting against erratic water supply on the other hand.Prolonged power cuts in Delhi had triggered riots when angry mobs damaged discom offices and properties. Gurgaon too might witness a similar backlash from the agitating villagers if the situation doesn't improve.Residents of various villages had recently blocked the major roads including NH-8, demanding better water supply and improved sewerage system.\"The situation is getting unbearable. I will not be surprised to see people resorting to violence and blocking roads in Gurgaon to shake up the administration and state government,\" said R S Rathee, president, Gurgaon Citizens' Council.In both the rural and urban Gurgaon, water woes are an offshoot of the severe power shortage. The city needs 70MGD but gets only 40MGD of water, the shortfall of 30MGD has an impact on every household in Gurgaon. According to Census 2011, out of a total of 3,20,642 households in Gurgaon district, including both rural and urban population, only 1,93,401 households get treated tap water.According to Rathee, the dismal power situation is having a devastating effect on water supply in both the rural and urban areas of Gurgaon. Most people depend on tubewells and borewells for water. \"Power cuts in the city last for over six hours and more than 10 hours in the rural areas. The poor power situation is having a direct bearing on the district's water supply,\" said Rathee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13788979", "title": "7-year-old drowns in Goregaon pool", "text": "MUMBAI: A Class III student drowned at a swimming pool at Goregaon (W) on Sunday evening while learning to swim. The Goregaon police have booked the trainer who has coaching the victim for negligence.\"The victim, Aryan Parab (7), lost balance when he entered the danger zone, where the pool depth is more, while the trainer went to the other side. The trainer dived into the pool as soon as he realized that the boy was nowhere to be seen. However, water had already entered the boy's lungs and he was rushed to a nearby hospital. He was declared dead before admission,\" said Goregaon police senior inspector Arun Jadhav. The victim's body has been sent for post-mortem.Jadhav said that they have booked the trainer under section 304(A) of the IPC (causing death due to negligence).Parab, a resident of Motilal Nagar in Goregaon (W), had taken up swimming coaching for the last one month at the Ozone swimming pool and activity centre, an offshoot of Prabodhan, a non-profit making charitable organization at Siddhartha Nagar in Goregaon (W).At the time of going to press, no arrests had been made. Police are questioning the pool authority. When contacted, Ramesh Mhatre, incharge of the pool, said he was at the police station and could not talk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13792732", "title": "IIT-Kanpur academic senate to discuss new proposals on Common Entrance Test", "text": "KANPUR: The demand of the members of faculty forum of IIT-Kanpur of convening an urgent meeting of the academic senate to discuss HRD ministry's proposal of making changes in the joint entrance examination and conducting Common Entrance Test (CET) in 2013 for students willing to take admission into IITs, NITs, and IIITs, has been accepted by chairman Sanjay Govind Dhande. The meeting would be held on June 8.A member of faculty forum said that if other IITs will agree and do what HRD ministry wants, then IIT-Kanpur will conduct its own entrance examination. This issue will be discussed in the senate meeting.A group of faculty members said all the issues related to the JEE-2013 and CET would be discussed.Some faculty members are against the common entrance test which the HRD ministry wants to conduct in 2013. They are also protesting against the proposed changes in the JEE where the performance candidates in class XII would also be taken into consideration. A total of 40 per cent of a student's performance would be measured through his class XII marks and the remaining would be valued through the JEE.The teachers are also angry that their suggestions were ignored by the HRD ministry.Meanwhile, the members of the faculty forum told TOI that they will not accept the common entrance test as recommended by HRD ministry as IITs have their own standards which cannot be at par with other entrance examinations.The teachers mentioned that IIT council, the apex body for the IITs in the country, would be required to pass an ordinance before the implementation of the new proposals made by HRD ministry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13792905", "title": "High court rules in favour of hotels in waste management row", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The city corporation that has been issuing closure notices to hotels functioning without waste treatment plants in the city has been pulled up by a high court order.Following a petition filed by the Kerala Hotel and Restaurant Association, the court has held that if a hotel did not have space or if there was an objection from the neighbouring shop owners for setting up the treatment plant, it was for the corporation to make arrangement to collect waste and treat it at the cost of the hotel.The ruling that has come in favour of the hotel owners, dismayed the corporation officials. The health standing committee has been slamming notices on all the hotels that function without a waste treatment plant, ever since the garbage crisis has started bugging the city.A deadline was also set for the hotels and it was pointed out that their licences would not be renewed if the owner fails to comply with the conditions mentioned in the notice.\"The order has come at a bad time. We had asked the hotel owners to set up plants in plots far away from their hotels. With this order there is no way corporation can ask them to get on with the project,\" said a health inspector of the corporation.The association members had claimed that the time span allotted for them to set up the plants was too short which the court upheld in its ruling. The court also maintained that section 334 of the Kerala Municipalities Amendment ordinance visualizes waste management by corporation which had to be maintained in a centralized manner.The court has also directed the corporation to help the hotels in setting up the waste plant. A health official said that it would be very hard to maintain the waste from hotels with the court terming it as the corporation's responsibility.\"In a way it has made us helpless. We could have persuaded the hotels into processing the waste themselves. Now the corporation cannot do so that as it would be against the court order,\" he said.The ruling also said that no hotel should be closed down and no fine should be charged unless the hotels fail to either process the waste to the satisfaction of the corporation or fail to pay the fees fixed by the corporation to collect the waste and treat the same. \"Paying fees to collect the waste from the hotels is not all the issue. The question is what to do with the collected waste,\" the official said.We had asked the hotel owners to set up plants in plots far away from their hotels. With this order there is no way corporation can ask them to get on with the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "public office private life", "code": "13792004", "title": "His ideal is service, not success", "text": "Public Office Private Life: PC Jaffer --- Deputy commissioner, Mandya districtIt takes a strong will to chart a different route when there's already a paved road to success. When PC Jaffer was growing up, Kerala had already become synonymous with the Gulf exodus for jobs. But he wasn't the one to be swayed. He believed if he could help others while carrying out his duties, it would be worthwhile.Today, this 36-year-old officer, who saw electricity in his house only when he was 17, has earned many accolades for his work. His pleasant disposition and straightforward approach have primarily been responsible for this recognition.Lending an earJaffer is a patient listener. \"People approach officials when there are in trouble. If we hear their grievances half of the issue is solved,\" he says. He follows it up with prioritization of work and a dose of decentralization, apart from regularly updating himself with developments around. Not surprising then that he gets frequent invitations to festivals and functions from people in Gulbarga and Raichur, where he served in the early years.\"I'm not initiating any revolution. We don't have to do radical things. It's enough if we implement the law and work in the interest of society. It's also necessary to show compassion to people in distress,\" he says.Civil service happenedJaffer can't remember how he zeroed in on a career in civil service. After he studied up to matriculation in Malayalam, he took up a course in English at Mar Ivanios College in Thiruvananthapuram, and noticed many students burning the midnight oil to crack the civil service exams.His parents, Aboobackar NK and Ayesha -- both government school teachers -- had little idea about the exam. They only wanted him to study well. He did so in earnest, becoming the first post-graduate from his village. \"I had two options: take to teaching or join government service. I decided to try my luck at a government job. Later, I moved to New Delhi where I became serious about the exam and cleared it in the third attempt,\" he says. An analytical approach and sheer hard work, he adds, can get anybody there.Avilora, where he hails from, was a socially and educationally backward village in Kozhikode district. It had no roads, electricity or water. \"We used to cross two water bodies to go to school or visit another place and had to trek long distances to collect water during scarcity.\" The family of five included his younger siblings - a brother and a sister.Journey with better halfJaffer's wife Moona comes from the same district. Now in the sixth year of their marriage, the couple has two sons -- Ajmal Zuhair, 5, and Anzal Zarif, 2. Three years after he became a civil servant, his father had arranged the alliance for him. The couple credits each other's simplicity for their happiness. Jaffer sometimes shares his dilemmas at work with her and takes her suggestions. \"Everyone has their own perspective,\" he reasons.Quality time at home comes in the form of morning stroll and outings. His day starts at 6am when he scans the newspapers with a cup of tea. But he takes pleasure in doing some chores like booking journey tickets for relatives. \"I ask my wife to remind me of that work after I reach office, which she promptly does,\" he says.Fond memoriesJaffer recalls an interesting anecdote in 1991 during his SSLC examination. On the first day, he got to know his father Aboobackar, an Arabic teacher, was writing the examination too. Although his father had the requisite qualification to teach Arabic, he had taken up the exam and passed.Jaffer retains that zest. He is now pursuing a PG course in psychology from Karnataka State Open University.At home, the family speaks Malayalam but his family is comfortable with Kannada. His elder son Ajmal, he says, is \"more fluent at Kannada\". At the dining table, it is non-vegetarian that prevails, thanks mostly to Moona's culinary versatility in the form of mutton korma, mutton biryani, fish curry, appams and akki rotti (patri in Malayalam). The menu is standardized, almost: idli, dosa or patri for breakfast; rice for lunch and chapati for dinner.Invariably, every month they have some guests at home. And Jaffer is only too happy to play host and do some work for them.Hobbies: Reading and family outingFood: Difficult to survive without fishBooks: Malayalam literatureMovies: Malayalam moviesAccolades: His work has been appreciated by legal services committee chairman DV Shailendra Kumar and member AN Yellappa Reddy at the divisional Lok Adalat meeting in Mysore.I am not initiating any revolution. We don't have to do radical things. It's enough if we implement the law and work in the interest of society. It's also necessary to show compassion to people in distress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13788551", "title": "Sorting out a \u2018grave\u2019 issue", "text": "KOLKATA: This teeming megapolis would have run out of space for its dead in a couple of decades, but for the efforts of the Christian Burial Board to get around this 'grave' problem. The board plans to re-allot a few thousand graves at the Lower Circular Road cemetery that have 'gone back to nature' due to lack of maintenance by the families or successors of the interred.A majority of the 12,000-odd graves in the 77-bigha Lower Circular Road cemetery are defunct. \"They don't have any inscriptions, tombstones or any funeral art. It's just plain earth with no indication that they were once graves. So we have come up with the proposal to re-allot these graves to families that don't have any vaults in any of the cemeteries in Kolkata,\" board executive member Ranajoy Bose told TOI. The board issued a notification in newspapers a few months ago stating its intention to re-allot such graves and invited objections from families or successors of those interred in such 'defunct' graves against re-allocation by July 31 this year.\"Anyone who may have a relative buried in such a grave will have to furnish the 'pottah' (grave deed) that all families who have their relatives interred at cemeteries possess. We won't touch such graves, as also graves that have inscriptions or funeral art on them,\" said Bose. The board has written to dozen-odd schools, asking for volunteers to conduct a detailed physical survey of the 'defunct' graves. \"A few schools have agreed to send their senior students for this onerous task after the summer holidays are over. A sample survey by students from one school has already been done and the methodology for this survey is in place.The task is, basically, to mark the unmarked graves. \"After the students complete the survey of such graves, their work will be audited by our own experts and we'll then cross-check the final survey with our own records to find the identities of those interred in such graves. After that, we'll try to trace the descendants of the interred persons and get their consent for re-allotting the grave,\" said Bose. But the task of tracing the descendants would be a very difficult, if not impossible one, since such people would have left Kolkata long ago and would be scattered all over the globe.The survey would take about six months, after which the process of re-allocation would commence. But the board is keeping a window of opportunity open for those who would not have seen its notification on re-allocation of graves. \"At some future date, if someone comes to us with the 'pottah' of a grave that has already been re-allotted to another family, or if their claims of a relative having been interred at a grave matches with out records, such people would be free to pray or light candles or place flowers and wreaths on the grave even though it may have re-allotted to another family. In the fresh 'pottah' that we will issue to a family who have been allotted an old grave, we have kept a condition that they'll have to grant rights to pray and pay respects to the descendants of any family whose members may have been interred at that grave earlier,\" said Bose.Kolkata has four 'open' cemeteries administered by the board-the Kidderpore cemetery spread over 3 bigha, the 27-bigha one at Tollygunge, a 1.5-bigha Mini Cemetery behind the sprawling Lower Circular Road cemetery. Of these, fresh plots are available only at the Tollygunge and Kidderpore cemeteries. \"But they'll also run out of plots in about two decades' time and we'll face a serious problem then. To address this looming crisis, we've decided to re-allot the defunct graves,\" said Bose.Most Christian families in Kolkata have one family vault in a cemetery. A vault is generally a 7-foot deep, 8-foot long and 4-foot wide pit lined on its four sides by thick concrete masonry. The bottom is open soil while a marble, granite or cement slab forms the 'lid' of the vault. These family vaults are for internment of deceased members of the families who hold the 'pottah' to these vaults. According to municipal rules, a vault or grave cannot be re-opened before three years of an internment for a fresh burial. When another member of the family dies, the vault is opened and soil taken out before the new coffin is lowered and the vault filled with soil again. \"The problem arises when two members of a family die within three years of each other. In such cases, the family has to bury the second person who dies in one of the many community vaults or get a fresh plot,\" said Bose.The board would also like to reactivate an unused gas crematorium at the Mini Cemetery. This was Asia's first gas crematorium. \"It was made to burn the bodies of plague victims, but became non-functional due to erratic supply of gas from the mid 1980s. We need to revive to ease the pressure on cemeteries,\" said Bose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13789409", "title": "Anna-Ramdev agitation: Rights of farmers, adivasis on agenda", "text": "NEW DELHI: A number of farmer leaders were present at the one-day fast at Jantar Mantar on Sunday, where speakers took up the issue of land acquisition.Both Baba Ramdev and Anna Hazare spoke about the importance of development strategies that are inclusive in nature. Ramdev and other protesters spoke at length about the issue of land acquisition and the problems faced by adivasis, farmers and other groups displaced by land given over to corporations.Ramdev's support for adivasis and others whose land was acquired for corporates comes soon after Team Anna member Manish Sisodia's support of the farmers in Gautam Buddh Nagar in Uttar Pradesh on June 1. Sisodia said that the fight against land acquisition should go beyond redressing short-term demands and seek for the establishment of a better, more effective and corruption-free system. \"Land should be acquired only after elaborate consultations with Gram Sabhas, who would be entrusted to lay down terms and conditions for acquisition,\" he had said.There were leaders of farming communities from Chhattisgarh and Jharkhand. \"The problem of land is an essential problem faced by all farmers. We live off our land and it feeds us. But for the corrupt government, our land is a way of earning more money. Our rights must be protected,\" said a farmer leader from Chattisgarh.Several protesters brought up the issue of land acquisition at Jantar Mantar.Maulana Kalbe Rushaid Rizvi talked about the Hindustani adivasi who depends on the land but finds that \"he doesn't own any of it but industrialists do.\" He further added that his people will accept anything except corruption that affects \"the law, the parliament and land.\" Members of Ramdev's team spoke of the shortage of food. \"India produces 750 lakh tonnes of wheat, but why is there still a shortage of food? And land for cultivation is being given away,\" said food and trade policy expert, Devendra Sharma. He also demanded a \"National Income Commission\" for farmers. Ramdev counted adivasis among the severely disenfranchised. He mentioned mining as the \"biggest ghotala\" that is yet to be properly investigated and resolved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13791495", "title": "Police may quiz Brahmeshwar Singh's close aides", "text": "PATNA: Bhojpur police may quiz some close acquaintances of Ranvir Sena founder Brahmeshwar Singh, alias Mukhiyaji, in connection with his killing in Ara town on Friday morning.Police are trying to ascertain the motive behind the crime, who could be the beneficiaries of Mukhiyaji's killing, and the weapon used in the crime.On the basis of empty cartridges recovered from the place of occurrence, the police could know that 7.65mm pistol was used in the crime. It is a sophisticated pistol normally not used even by the top cops of the state police force. But it is used by army personnel.Police sources said they were also working on the theory that whether Brahmeshwar's own men, who stood by him when Ranvir Sena's activities were at its height, were behind his killing. They said Sena had sophisticated weaponry compared to Maoists in the state. They had licenced weapons but with 'chanda' (donations) they had procured sophisticated weapons from outside.According to a former SP of Bhojpur, a large number of ex-servicemen and ex-paramilitary personnel belong to Belaur village in Bhojpur district, the birth place of Sena. They must have used their connections to procure such weapons.Police have come to know of the fact that after the release of Brahmeshwar from jail, there was an internal dispute over distribution of money which he had arduously collected as donations from different landlords to take on the ultra Left. According to a rough estimate, police speculate the Sena has Rs 45-50 crore in its coffer. Police are trying to probe if there was any dispute over the ownership of the money which cost Mukhiyaji his life. No arrest has been made till now but police are dealing with the case with an open mind.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13806178", "title": "Asin wants to work with Shah Rukh Khan", "text": "After Sridevi , the only South Indian actress to make it big in recent times is Asin. Beginning with Ghajini , the actress has given hits consistently viz; Ready with Salman Khan last year and this year it was Housefull 2 with Akshay Kumar .In fact Kumar was pretty impressed with Asin's acting skills and has even pencilled her in Khiladi his next venture. Meanwhile she is also looking forward to Rohit Shetty's Bol Bachchan that she feels is one of the important films of her career. But the actor that Asin is keenly awaiting to work with Shah Rukh Khan . When asked about King Khan the actress said, \"Who would not want to work with Shah Rukh?\" It may be known that the two Khans Asin has worked with are Aamir and Salman.And it is now Shah Rukh who tops the list of the actor she wants to work with. The actress feels that Shah Rukh and she would make a good pair and hopes that a director comes up with a project casting them together.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13790684", "title": "Pipe-compost units to cut waste menace in Kozhikode", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The city corporation has decided to set up pipe-compost units in all city households in its effort to find a permanent solution to waste menace. The plan has been successfully implemented in the state capital and will ensure the disposal of biodegradable waste at the point of generation itself.For a start, the civic body will set up two PVC pipes, each 8-inch wide and 1.5-metre long, in each house in Kallai and Panniyyankkara with the help of residents' associations. The residents can put their daily biodegradable waste into one of pipes. Over a period, the waste turn into manure, and once the pipe full, the manure could be used for farming or gardening. The total cost of setting up one unit is Rs 1,000. At present the house owners will have to foot the cost. The civic body has already submitted a proposal to the state government to get funds and avail subsidy for the project.According to civic body estimates, a household generates 400 gram of waste a day, and this could be converted to manure using the pipe compost unit.With the implementation of the scheme, the civic body would be able to cut down the volume of waste generated from 50 tonnes to 20 tonnes. The Kudumbasree workers will continue collecting the non-biodegradable waste from the households. The corporation cleaning staff has been entrusted with the work of the installation of pipes in households.Health standing committee chairperson Jannamma Kunjunni said the pipe compost units will be installed in more than 100 households in the initial phase. The project will be expanded to 21 health circles depending on public demand.\"The plastic recycling unit at the West Hill Industrial Estate will be made functional in a month. The commissioning of the plant would end the plastic waste menace in the city,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13796525", "title": "It\u2019s all about money", "text": "Class XII Board results are out and students are preparing to apply to their choice of colleges and courses in the new academic session. A large number of students, every year, apply to the commerce stream. In a new trend, in the last few years, the cut-offs for commerce have been increasing, even going up to a 100% for BCom (Honours) at Shri Ram College of Commerce (SRCC) in 2011.However, students opting for commerce courses at the undergraduate level in DU this year will have a range of mandatory and optional papers to study. The course curriculum under the commerce stream has undergone a major restructuring during the shift from annual to semester mode last year.According to Amit Sachdeva, head, department of commerce , SRCC, changes introduced in the syllabus in the semester mode will be applicable from the academic year 2012-13 . A number of subjects, which were optional till last year, have been made mandatory and a range of optional papers have been introduced.\"The changes have been made keeping in mind the demands of the contemporary world. Human resource management, principals of marketing, international business and financial management, which were optional papers , have been made mandatory subjects from the upcoming session. This is to give students a wider knowledge-base , which will help them in higher studies as well as in the industry.\"Adds Sachdeva, \"In order to offer more options of subjects and topics in commerce, which are not covered in the main papers, about 10-15 new optional papers have been introduced. Some of these include financial markets and institutions, entrepreneurship, compensation managements , corporate taxes, advertising as well as personal selling.\"According to him, in a new trend, there is a gradual shift from doing a CA, as opposed to earlier, when there was a major inflow of commerce graduates. These days, more students want to opt for an MBA in finance, marketing , human resources, etc, or open their own startups after a few years of work experience.However, this is different for students who go abroad for an MBA. Foreign universities offering MBA allow students to take admission only if they have a work experience of about two or three years. In this case, students, after graduating in commerce take up a job for a few years and later enrol for an MBA outside. This makes students more equipped for the course and allows them to appreciate the programme better.A plethora of contemporary career options are open to BCom (Honours) students, adds Sachdeva. These include business administration, CA, CFA (Chartered Financial Analyst), investment management, auditing, tax planning , corporate banking, global banking, corporate governance , etc.Also, few of the new optional papers introduced to the curriculum deal with studying business related to information technology, which opens up more avenues apart from the regular ones for students of commerce.\"A number of concurrent papers have been introduced to the commerce syllabus at the undergraduate level. Some of these like e-commerce , fundamentals of computers and business data processing take care of the IT component, which is relevant to the field of commerce in the present day scenario. Sectors like software development, enterprise resource planning (ERP), etc, look for people with a strong background in business studies along with good IT skills,\" says Arvind Kumar, senior faculty, department of commerce, Lady Shri Ram (LSR) College.Help deskThe university has planned to set up help desks in order to guide applicants and help them fill in their forms at north and south campus from Monday The help desks will be set up at the Conference Centre, in north campus and at the deputy dean students' welfare office in south campus. A team of seven trained student counsellors at the help desks will guide candidates", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13788228", "title": "Woman found dead in neighbour\u2019s house", "text": "KOLKATA: A 50-year-old woman was found hanging at her neighbour's house on Sunday morning. Though the victim's son claimed it to be a murder, police refused to draw any conclusion before reviewing the autopsy report.Nirmala Samaddar, a resident of Dakshinpara area in Sodepur, had been missing since early morning. \"We thought she had gone to the toilet. But when she did not turn up after some hours , I went out to look for her. To my horror, I found her gagged and hanging from the verandah of our neighbour's house. Strangely, Shibani Pal and her son Pradip were absconding,\" said Niramala's son Sujit.Sujit alleged that it was a cold-blooded murder by the Pal family. He also said that they have land disputes with the neighbour. Moreover, both Nirmala and Shibani were linked to an agency and worked as professional care-givers. Professional rivalry may also be a reason, alleged Sujit.However, police said, \"If her neighbours would kill her, why would they leave her hanging in their verandah.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13795820", "title": "Venus transit to leave beauty spot on Sun", "text": "LUCKNOW: A little black mole will grace the face of Sun at the crack of dawn on June 6. However, the mole is not a mere symbol of beauty, it is Venus - the Goddess of beauty. The rarity of the event could be assessed from the fact that people alive today would never get a second chance to view it again. Reason: transit of Venus is among the rarest of predictable astronomical phenomenon and currently occurs in a pattern that repeats after every 243 years. The transit takes place in pairs, which are 8 years away from each other and separated by long gaps of 121.5 years and 105.5 years - a pattern which repeats after 243 years.The first part of the present pair took place in October 2004. Prior to 2004-2012 pair, the transit of Venus took place in December 1874 and December 1882. The next transit would take place in 105 years later i.e. in 2117. And so, hectic preparations are underway at the Indira Gandhi Planetarium to help people witness the aesthetics of nature. \"I saw the first part of the transit in 2004 and saw how skilfully Venus encroaches upon the disc of Sun to silhouette itself. I found a strange philosophy in the event. It taught me that no matter how difficult times are, one can win over them by maintaining their calm,\" said Anil Yadav, incharge of Indira Gandhi Planetarium.Sumit Srivastava, an educator with IGP, stated that the present race of people should consider themselves extremely lucky for being equipped with powerful telescopes. \"In the previous centuries, nations dispatched astronomers to their farthest territories to record the transit in progress. But, we have all the opportunity to see the transit, so it is not really wise to miss the chance,\" he said.The first observations of a transit of Venus came from Jeremiah Horrocks in Much Hoole, a tiny village in Lancashire. On 24 November 1639, Horrocks watched as the planet traversed the Sun after projecting its image on to a sheet of paper through a small telescope. He died two years later at the age of 22. The scientific importance of the transit was made clear by Edmund Halley, who in 1716 called on nations to join forces and record the event from positions around the world. Timing the transit from different spots on Earth allowed astronomers to calculate the distance from our planet to the Sun, and so work out the size of the solar system.Halley's essay was visionary, written nearly 50 years before the next transit was due in 1761. At the time, astronomers knew only relative distances in the solar system, for example, that Jupiter was five times further from the Sun than Earth. Their best estimate of how far Earth lay from its star was 55 million miles. But an understanding of the transit of Venus helped people make concrete estimates of the distance between Sun and other planets of the solar system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13794709", "title": "Stop telecast of Nirmal Baba advertisements, arrest him: Court", "text": "BHOPAL: A court in Madhya Pradesh has directed the Union Information and Broadcasting Ministry to stop telecast of advertorial programmes connected with self-styled guru Nirmal Baba. The court also issued an arrest warrant and directed police to nab him by June 25.The magistrate's court in Bina registered a case against the godman and charged him with cheating by impersonation, criminal intimidation and violation of the Drugs and Magic Remedies Act.Surendra Vishwakarma, resident of Bina town, had lodged a complaint in April against the telecast of hour-long television ads - The Third Eye. He told the court that Nirmal Baba's advice had triggered losses and caused mental harassment to him and his family.The complaint said Nirmal Baba claimed that keeping Rs 2,000 in a black purse would help people tide over financial problems. Vishwakarma said there was no miracle in the advice, rather he suffered huge financial losses. He also told court that his father became critically ill after consuming the godman's magical recipes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13810252", "title": "Rowdy Rathore collects Rs 48 crores in 3 days", "text": "The first big release post IPL, Akshay Kumar's 'Rowdy Rathore' gets a mind-blowing opening at the box-office.Akshay Kumar's hardcore masala film Rowdy Rathore opened to packed houses this Friday. With an opening day collection figure of Rs 15 crores, the film already entered the big league. The business was steady over the weekend and the film collected around Rs 48 crores in its opening weekend - a very good initial. Trade circles account it as amongst the strongest openings of the year. There were many factors that acted in its favour. It was the first big film after IPL and audiences, starved of a big Bollywood film, thronged the theatres. There was no competition to it and the Akshay Kumar action formula catered to masses in huge numbers.The coming Friday sees the release of Shanghai . Maverick filmmaker Dibakar Banarjee has carved a niche for his films and Shanghai has managed to get a solo release which should act in its favour tremendously. The film stars Abhay Deol , Kalki, Bengali superstar Prosenjit and almost redefines the image of Emraan Hashmi. After a hardcore formula film, it would be interesting to see a direct contrast release with Shanghai which promises to be a food-for-thought film. That's Bollywood for you!Top Hindi Films this WeekFilm: Rowdy RathorePosition: 1Director: Prabhu DhevaCast: Akshay Kumar, Sonakshi SinhaUpside: Akshay Kumar pulls off action and comedy convincingly and charminglyDownside: Cliched plot, dull music, formulaic directionRunning Week: 1Trade Comments: Rowdy Rathore started on a very strong note and collected a whopping Rs 48 crores over its opening weekend. There were many factors that acted in its favour. It was the first big film after IPL, there was no competition to it and it was a hardcore masala catering to masses in huge numbers.Film: IshaqzaadePosition: 2Director: Habib FaisalCast: Arjun Kapoor, Parineeti ChopraUpside: Good performances, strong directionDownside: Drops in second halfRunning Week: 4Box Office Verdict: HitFilm: Vicky DonorPosition: 3Director: Shoojit SircarCast: Ayushmann Khurana, Yaami Gautam, Annu KapoorUpside: Fresh story, brilliant performances, good music, superb humourDownside: Not manyRunning Week: 7Box Office Verdict: Super HitFilm: ArjunPosition: 4Director: Arnab ChaudhuriUpside: Good animation, interesting storytellingDownside: Abrupt endingRunning Week: 2Box-Office Verdict: AverageFilm: DepartmentPosition: 5Director: Ram Gopal VarmaUpside: Powerful performancesDownside: Cliched story, outdated plotRunning Week: 3Box Office Verdict: Flop", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13788936", "title": "Local Sena chief's son likely All India pre-Medical Test topper from Vidarbha", "text": "NAGPUR: In now what seems to be becoming a habit, the CBSE declared results of All India pre-Medical/Dental Test (AIPMT) finals around 11pm on Saturday night, catching everyone off guard. As the statistics became clearer by Sunday evening, a local politician's son has emerged as the likely topper from Vidarbha with a general merit list rank of 1122 and an OBC rank of 342.Animesh Sawarbandhe, whose father Shekhar heads the city unit of Shiv Sena , has decided not to continue the political dynasty and instead focus on a medical career. \"One of my close relatives is a doctor and since childhood the field has attracted me. I owe my success to Aakash Institute in Nagpur whose faculty has been helping me since last two years. They also sent me to Delhi in January where I studied with their top 100 students from across the country and that national exposure gave me lot of inputs on how other students are preparing,\" said Animesh.AIPMT 2012 was the final version as from next year a new format of test, called National Eligibility-cum-Entrance Test (NEET), will take its place. AIPMT is conducted in two stages, first the preliminary exam was held in which 2.75 lakh students appeared this year but only 30,792 qualified for the finals. The merit list this year is closing just under the 2100 rank and a similar number of students will be put on the waiting list.Chandrakant Satija, director of the institute from where Animesh studied, said, \"The top six students of Vidarbha are from our institute and this is a matter of great pride for us as the 2012 batch also happened to be our first. The key to their success was regular tests and daily class assignments which worked out well for everyone.\"Students who have made to the merit list will now have to go to Mumbai for counselling to select the medical colleges available for them for which further details can be accessed on www.mohfw.nic.in.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13794392", "title": "FIR against 4 over clash in police station", "text": "CHENNAI: The Ambattur police have registered a criminal case against four police personnel, including an inspector of police, two days after they were involved in a clash inside Ambattur police station. The incident, which occurred on Friday night, left four police personnel and an advocate injured.On Sunday, an FIR was registered against Ambattur inspector George Miller Ponraj, sub-inspectors Rajendran and Ganesan and police constable Robinson. A probe by the revenue divisional officer too has been ordered into the incident.A clash broke out between police personnel and a group of advocates on Friday night during an inquiry into a missing woman.While the four injured policemen were admitted to Government Kilpauk Medical College and Hospital, the advocate was taken to the Government General Hospital. On Saturday morning, post-graduate medical students, numbering about 200, went on a flash strike and sat on protest on the hospital premises, alleging that a doctor was assaulted by an attendant accompanying the injured advocate.A habeas corpus petition too has been filed in the Madras high court seeking the release of the arrested advocates and an inquiry by a district judge-level officer. A specially constituted bench has issued notice to the government, and has adjourned the matter to June 18 for further hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13792490", "title": "Governor Syed Ahmed asks BIT Mesra techies to take up entrepreneurship", "text": "RANCHI: People, especially students, want to pursue acquisition of things that others can readily see -- wealth, status, and recognition. \"This success is a 'thief' of happiness,\" said R Gopalakrishnan, executive director, Tata Sons Ltd.Addressing the 22nd convocation of Birla Institute of Technology (BIT), Mesra here on Sunday, Gopalakrishnan said, \"You assume that visible symbols of success make you happy, but such success increases the chance of you being robbed of your happiness and after loosing your happiness, you feel foolish that you have lost your success.\"During the convocation a total of 3,862 students were given degrees. It included 2,586 undergraduate, 1,073 postgraduate, 66 PhD degrees and 137 diplomas.Gopalakrishnan, who asked students to live with positive energy, shared five-point success tips with the students. \"Develop intuition by learning what cannot be taught, follow your compass, not your clock, immerse yourself in your profession, work incessantly on managing your de-railers, and understand the success in the right perspective.\"Jharkhand governor Syed Ahmed, who is the chancellor of the institute, said, \"Education should not be seen in the narrow context of acquiring knowledge alone, but in making one a more complete and worthier human being.\"The governor also advised students to take up entrepreneurship. \"The students (engineers and MBAs) should surely be motivated enough to initiate their own enterprises, thereby creating employment opportunities for others to move forward.\"PhD degrees were awarded to two students in architecture, 15 in engineering, 11 in management, 11 in pharmacy, 19 in science and eight in technology.Gold medal was awarded to Susmita Sinha in bachelor of architecture. In biotechnology Anuja Chandan, in civil Avana Maity, in computer science Devanand Shukla, in electrical and electronics N Annamalai, in electronics and communication Pallabi Gosh, in information technology Kapil Parta, in mechanical Ankit Sakuja, in polymer Vineet and in production Dhruv Kumar Vashistha were awarded gold medals.The yellow medal was also awarded to Kumari Sugandha in pharmacy, Chittaranjan Kumar Singh in hotel management and catering technology, Aniraban G Mazumdar in animation and multimedia, Rakhee in biomedical lab technology, Neha in business administration, and Monika Jalota in computer application. All the students have already been placed.BIT vice-chancellor Ajay Chakrabarty elaborated on the achievements and activities of the institutes.The institute is working dedicatedly towards the vision of producing quality technical graduates, competent teachers, scientists and leaders in the academics, research, industry and administration, Chakrabarty said.In the recent past, the institute has got several patents and publications, undertaken several infrastructure development projects, signed many MoUs with international institutes and has introduced new courses, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "13793039", "title": "Depleting water table assails coastal districts", "text": "KENDRAPADA: With the sun blazing down in all its fury and not a single rain cloud in sight, villagers of coastal districts of Kendrapada and Jagatsinghpur are experiencing severe groundwater shortage. Due to scant rainfall and excessive exploitation of groundwater over the past couple of years, the water table in these areas has gone down drastically. In many areas, the water table was found to be one to two meters below normal.In the absence of any regulations, sites for bore wells are selected indiscriminately, pointed out Akbar Ali, former chairman of Kendrapada municipality. Secondly, a large number of bore wells are brazenly exploited for irrigation. Almost 80% of these generate water just enough to run a hand pump, while the remaining can sustain power pumps.To check the ingress of the salinity, the state government banned digging of any deep tube wells in both the coastal districts four years ago. As a result, large numbers of farmers are not getting water from the deep tube wells, alleged Rajendra Das, a school teacher of Rajnagar.The only drinking water well at Jamboo village with a population of about 4,000, has completely dried up and one can see the sandy bottom with a small depression in a corner. Three other wells in the village are unfit for drinking, according to Suresh Das, a school teacher of the village. Some contractors in a clear nexus with some venal officials looted crores of rupees by not digging tube wells properly, he alleged.Similarly, in Kakat village near Kendrapada town, a tube well was dug three years ago. But now the tube well is not working, said Bijaya Krushna Sahoo, former chairman of Kendrapada municipality.Several parts of the districts have been suffering a staggering loss of agricultural production due to shortage of water.When contacted, district collector P K Patnaik said the administration has directed the public health department and rural water supply and sanitation officials to provide water to the people. All the damaged tube wells will be repaired soon, he said.To check the ingress of the salinity, the state government banned digging of any deep tube wells in both the coastal districts four years ago. As a result, large numbers of farmers are not getting water from the deep tube wells.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13790970", "title": "First satellite for armed forces to be ready in a month", "text": "NEW DELHI: The armed forces are finally set to get their first-ever dedicated military satellite, a naval surveillance and communications one, as part of their long-standing quest to effectively harness the final frontier of space.The geo-stationary naval satellite has \"already been shipped out'' for its launch that will take place \"within a month or so\", government sources said.A not-too-subtle indicator of the space event in the offing was also the creation of a new post of assistant chief of naval staff (communications, space and network-centric operations) at the Navy head-quarters over the weekend.Though tight-lipped about the \"over-the-sea\" satellite's launch, the Navy on Sunday said Rear Admiral Kishan K Pandey, a communications and electronic warfare specialist, had taken over as the new ACNS (CSNCO) in keeping with its endeavour to transform from a \"platform-centric Navy'' to a \"network-enabled Navy''.The satellite, with an over 1,000 nautical mile footprint over the Indian Ocean Region (IOR) stretching from Africa's east coast right till Malacca Strait, will enable the Navy to network all its warships, submarines and aircraft with operational centres ashore through high-speed data-links.There is an urgent need to keep real-time tabs over the rapidly-militarizing IOR, where China is increasingly expanding its strategic footprint, as well as on troop movements, missile silos, military installations and airbases across land borders.The long-delayed naval satellite is to be followed by ones for the Army and IAF for \"over-the-land use''. In absence of dedicated satellites, the armed forces have so far depended on \"dual-use'' Indian satellites as well as lease of transponders on foreign ones for their navigation, communication, surveillance and reconnaissance purposes.There are around 300 dedicated or dual-use military satellites orbiting around the earth at present, with the US operating over 50% of them, followed by Russia and China.China, in particular, is pursuing an extensive military-space programme that even extends to advanced ASAT (anti-satellite) capabilities with \"direct-ascent\" missiles, hit-to-kill \"kinetic\" and directed-energy laser weapons.DRDO, on its part, contends it can quickly fashion ASAT weapons, if required, by marrying the propulsion system of the over 5,000-km Agni-V missile tested recently with the \"kill vehicle\" of the almost-ready two-tier BMD ( ballistic missile system) system it has developed.But India is still some distance away from effective ASAT capabilities. The government is also not yet willing to establish a tri-Service Aerospace Command on the lines of the Strategic Forces Command which handles nuclear weapons.The naval satellite is a step in the right direction. The Navy has already tested the \"ship-end'' of the new space era dawning through the massive Tropex (theatre-level readiness and operational exercise) held in January-February. The network-centric operations were tried with both the Eastern and Western Fleets, backed by fighters, spy drones and helicopters, out at sea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "rajagopal, born in jagadalpur, chattisgarh, is a professor of marketing at egade business school, mexico. he is known for his innovative methods and research practices in the field of marketing management with specialization in consumer behavior, competitor analysis, international marketing and corporate strategies. in this interview, he shares his thoughts about role of customer-centric approach and social media in relation to the 'incredible india' brand campaign as well as agricultural marketing in india. excerpts", "code": "13809505", "title": "I want Indian youth to be 'SMART': Rajagopal", "text": "Rajagopal, born in Jagadalpur, Chattisgarh, is a professor of marketing at EGADE Business School, Mexico. He is known for his innovative methods and research practices in the field of marketing management with specialization in consumer behavior, competitor analysis, international marketing and corporate strategies. In this interview, he shares his thoughts about role of customer-centric approach and social media in relation to the 'Incredible India' brand campaign as well as agricultural marketing in India. Excerpts:Q: What brought you into the field of marketing?A: My PhD in an inter-disciplinary topic of \"Economics of weekly markets in Madhya Pradesh'' embedded interest in me to take up marketing as an academic subject to pursue. I found that marketing is the core of development of all societies, economy, and growth of nations. The complexities and challenges involved in the marketing processes drew me towards exploring and researching more and more in this field.Q: Assuming I am a common man with no prior knowledge of marketing, what is the simplest definition of 'brand' for me?A: A 'brand' is the identity of products or services of a firm that helps consumers to recognize them in making a buying decision.Q: What do you have to say about your Indian roots? How did it help you in reaching your current position?A: India provides ample opportunities in academics to exploit and carry research extensively in social and management sciences. My association with the National Institute of Rural Development at Hyderabad for a decade during 1984-94 had laid the foundation of research in the marketing at the bottom of the pyramid segment. Later, my association with the Institute of Rural Management, Anand and the Administrative Staff College of India, Hyderabad led me to think on new paradigms in business growth - application of global strategies at local level. I authored 20 books on rural marketing during 1984-2000 and over 100 research papers on this subject that helped me in placing my research contribution on the international platform. Due to these works, I was invited by the Tecnologico de Monterrey, the most reputed international university in Latin America , where I began contributing new theories and models in international marketing during post-2000 period and published 18 books and over 80 research papers in the international refereed journals. My Indian roots are the basis of the perseverance, hard work and devotion that helped me achieve the position I have reached today.Q: How the field of marketing has changed from 1980s to 2010s in the Indian context?A: After globalization, the philosophy of marketing has shifted from 'marketing to customer' to 'marketing with customer'. Now most companies have turned customer-centric and they focus on developing the customer loyalty as key to the business growth.Q: As a person as well as an international marketing expert, what do you think about 'Incredible India' brand campaign?A: I have high regard for this campaign that demonstrates a global success in creating a strong destination image in the leisure and tourism sector. I understand that 'Incredible India' campaign has been woven around the emotional association of the destination and business that helped the business in tourism sector grow over 16 percent since 2002-03.Q: You have done extensive work in the field of agricultural marketing. Let's talk about 5-10 years down the line from now, in your view what role social media is going to play in reaching out to the consumers?A: Certainly I feel that social media plays a promising role in involving consumers in marketing process and sending messages to the firms towards setting-up the strategies for win-win business and growth. Though the social media outlets like Facebook, Twitter have come-up in the society, still newspapers and television might be effectively serving farmers, marketers, and consumers by putting them in interactive ties.Q: You have enjoyed multiple responsibilities in the form of policy maker, author and currently as an educator. Which role gives you the most satisfaction?A: I enjoyed position of a policy maker as it allowed me to express and demonstrate my views, rationale of proposals, and drafting the program guidelines. I am highly satisfied as an educator as I am able to deliver and cultivate innovative thinking among my students. Teaching and training activities are intangible, integrating knowledge in this area into a tangible outcome like books and research papers offer me the highest value as the knowledge stays in the society. In an overall assessment of the roles handled by me, I must say that all roles gave me satisfaction.Q: Let's get back to your early days. What challenges did you face and how did you overcome them?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13810697", "title": "'Ragini in a movie'", "text": "She catapulted to fame as Lovely of Zee TV's Mrs Kaushik Ki Paanch Bahuyien .And after making a mark in the television industry, actress Ragini Nandwani now has set her eyes on Bollywood. She is soon going to make her debut in the film industry with a movie titled, Dehradun Diary . A source informs us, \"Ragini is all set for her Bollywood stint with Dehradun Diary . The film will be produced Ashwagandha Entertainment Pvt. Ltd, which headed by Ragini's mother Anita Nandwani and brother Yatin Nandwani. The movie also stars Adhyan Suman, Rohit Bakhshi, Rati Aghniotri , Ashwini Kalsekar and is directed by Milind Ukey.\"The actress remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13794145", "title": "Vice stocks that can fetch good returns", "text": "Drinking, smoking and gambling are not only considered unhealthy for one's physical and financial health but, more importantly, immoral. So, how about investing in companies, which may not appeal to the collective conscience but are perfectly legal, even profitable? If you are willing to look past this deterrent, investing in the so-called 'vice stocks' can work wonders for your portfolio. So should you pick vice over virtue and pour money into the liquor, cigarette and gambling stocks?Should you invest?Vice stocks tend to exhibit strong performance even in dire economic circumstances as people don't usually give up on their addictions just because times are tough. These stocks have even been found to outperform the broader markets during traditionally tough market periods . In 2008, Merrill Lynch examined the performance of US-based alcohol, tobacco and casino stocks in all recessions since 1970, and found that while the S&P; 500 fell 1.5% on an average, vice stocks rose by an average of 11%. These companies tend to generate huge cash flows year after year, enabling them to dole out generous dividends to shareholders. The profit margins are also on the higher side in most of the product categories. If you are an astute investor, put your money in them for investing is all about making more money.Where you can investVice stocks as a category is already a familiar theme in the western countries. In fact, investors in the US have been betting on dedicated 'vice funds' for a while now. There is no such fund for investors in India, but here are some vice stocks for your consideration:TobaccoITC: Though the company has evolved into a conglomerate with multiple businesses, ITC (formerly the Indian Tobacco Company) remains at its core a tobacco and cigarettes manufacturer and continues to derive nearly 80% of its profits from this segment. Boasting a wide range of popular cigarette brands, ITC enjoys a stranglehold in the domestic market with a market share of about 80%. The reports that the government is mulling curbs on import of cigarettes and that it may opt for a complete ban on foreign participation in wholesale trading in tobacco and cigarettes means that it will benefit this dominant market player. Over the years, ITC has successfully managed to alter its image in the eyes of the public and is known more as an FMCG player today. Sanjay Manyal, analyst at ICICI Securities, says, \"ITC's dependence on the cigarettes division will come down over the next few years. We are positive on the revenue growth in its FMCG business.\"The company has been delivering stellar financial performance for years now. As a result, the stock price has shot up quite a bit, and now trades at 36.5 times its earnings.VST Industries: The Hyderabad-based VST Industries (erstwhile Vazir Sultan Tobacco Company) is another prominent player in the country's cigarette and tobacco market. Notwithstanding the competition from ITC, VST Industries has managed to put up a good show, enjoying an enviable foothold in south India. The company offers its products under the brand name, Charminar. The strategy of launching new brands in valuefor-money segments has helped it corner demand and grow volumes despite the steep increase in prices over the years. VST has managed a consistent sales growth of over 20% over the past two years. The stock has seen significant activity of late, with several mutual funds buying into the company. The investment by mutual funds rose from 2.5% in June 2010 to 10.4% by the end of March 2012. During this period, the stock price jumped 344% from 540 to 1,860. Some of the other prominent listed firms in the tobacco segment include the foreign player Godfrey Phillips India (Four Square and Marlboro), and local manufacturers Kothari Products (Pan Parag Pan Masala) and Golden Tobacco (Panama and Chancellor).GamingDelta Corp: The only listed casino operator in India, Delta Corp, has also shown an interest in the real estate and hospitality industry. Among the six offshore casino gaming licences issued by the Goa government, Delta owns and operates three-Casino Royale, Casino Caravela and King's Casino (to be launched soon). These casinos operate from luxury cruise ships, offering fine dining and entertainment experience, apart from gaming. Delta Corp's casinos offer customers a variety of international games like baccarat , poker, roulette, blackjack, etc. With the addition of the third casino, Delta Corp will see a multi-fold increase in gaming positions-from the current 700 to around 2,200-and a boost to its revenues over the coming year-and-a-half . Vishal Jajoo, senior analyst at Nirmal Bang, states, \"We expect the company to witness a phenomenal increase in revenue as well as earnings due to the almost five-fold rise in gaming positions over the next 12-15 months.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "muzaffarpur", "code": "13791762", "title": "'Encephalitis' death toll rises to seven", "text": "MUZAFFARPUR: Altogether seven children have died of suspected encephalitis in various local hospitals of Muzaffarpur during the last 10 days with no let up in the incidence of disease in the region.According to reports gathered from Kejriwaj hospital, Shri Krishna Medical College Hospital (SKMCH), Muzaffarpur, and Dr Arun Shah's clinic, altogether 38 children have been affected by this viral disease since its outbreak 10 days back. Of them, 27 have been treated at Kejriwal, eight at Dr Shah's clinic and three at SKMCH.Administrator, Kejriwal Hospital V V Giri said on Sunday that seven patients with encephalitis like symptoms are still admitted in a separate ward of his hospital. Six children have died so far and three others were referred to the PMCH for better treatment.Giri said that although the number of encephalitis patients is less compared to last year, patients are coming from the countryside. The encephalitis ward of his hospital has been made air-conditioned this year. More equipment have been procured and oxygen is available all the time. A team of nine doctors led by Dr Rajiv Kumar has been provided to the ward. Treatment mode is being followed as per the protocol fixed by the government, he added.SKMCH deputy superintendent Dr Sunil Shahi said on Sunday that only three cases of encephalitis like disease have reached SKMCH this season so far. Of them, one died, another fled away and the third one is still at the hospital. Two of them belonged to Kesaria and Sugauli, both in East Champaran district.On the other hand, pediatrician Dr Arun Shah said he had treated eight children with symptoms of encephalitis this season so far. He felt the need of a deep-rooted research for prevention and cure of this disease, which occurs only near litchi orchards in rural areas and that too during the pre-monsoon heat and humid climate.Dr Shah, who was in Goa on Sunday to attend a seminar there said it is yet to be detected why this disease hits children of only poor families. An expert team should be entrusted with the job of finding out a uniform mode of treatment and also introduce preventive measures to control the killer disease.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13791390", "title": "Soon, private detectives to catch sex determination cases in Pune", "text": "PUNE: In the wake of rising number of female foeticide cases in the state as well as in the city, the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) is planning to seek proposals from private detectives to carry out 'sting operations' against doctors performing sex determination tests. The civic body is even thinking of publishing a formal advertisement inviting detective agencies and NGOs to help nab erring doctors.\"The step to seek proposals from detective agencies and NGOs is being mulled to explore ways to nab doctors, who, despite stringent vigilance and monitoring system, still manage to find ways to carry out sex determination tests in the confines of their clinics and hospitals,\" S T Pardeshi, medical officer of health, told TOI on Sunday.If this plan comes to fruition, this will be the first time private detectives are being formally hired to book doctors violating the act by telling the sex of the foetus.\"This is one crime where the doctor doing the test and the couple getting the test done are hands in glove with one another. There is little possibility of a complaint being filed. Hence, hiring of private detectives will be a good idea to act against violators of the PCPNDT Act,\" said experts in the field.Officials said the civic administration needs to file air-tight cases and get evidence which stands the scrutiny of the court.\"It is very difficult to get motivated individuals (in this case, pregnant woman) who will act as decoy to nab erring doctors. That is one big reason why we are planning to explore the possibilities of roping in private detectives, NGOs and motivated individuals. For this, we are even thinking of publishing an advertisement. We hope we get good responses,\" Pardeshi said.Confirming this, commissioner Mahesh Pathak said, \"We only need to see that private detective agencies are not going to an extreme end to nab a doctor and that they adopt proper ways and means to get to the erring doctors. We are of the opinion that most doctors practice ethically and earn respected living. There are only a few thick-skinned ones who need measures like this to frustrate their designs.\"Pathak added: \"We have been implementing multi-pronged approach to improve the city's sex ratio and the result has so far been very encouraging. The city's graph vis-a-vis sex ratio at birth number of girls born per 1,000 boys - has been showing considerable improvement.\"The Pre-Conception and Pre-Natal Diagnostic Techniques (PCPNDT) Act is an important tool to help improve the skewed child sex ratio in the country. The main purpose is to ban use of sex selection techniques before /after conception and check misuse of prenatal diagnostic techniques for sex determination.A total of 317 cases have been slapped against doctors in the state for flouting various provisions of the PCPNDT Act. Of these, 90 have been decided and 41 doctors have been convicted so far. Pune has registered 40 cases against doctors and 29 of them are pending.In Pune rural, eight cases have been registered against doctors, of which only one has been decided, while in Pimpri-Chinchwad, of the six cases filed, only one has been decided.Out of the 317 cases in the court, 58 pertain to non-registration of ultrasound machines, 31 are decoy cases where doctors have been caught in sting operations conducting illegal sex determination and 219 are regarding non-maintenance of records. There are 8,161 registered ultrasound centres in the state, of which 420 have been sealed. In Pune, 45 of the 381 registered ultrasound centres have been sealed.Girls, interrupted: 4.68 L since 2001, says health departmentAccording to the state health department, there may have been over four lakh cases of female foeticide in the state in the last ten years. The report, considering the ideal child sex ratio of 952 girls per 1,000 boys, has attributed this fall in numbers to female foeticide.The state's child sex ratio, which was 913 girls per 1,000 boys in 2001, has fallen to 883 girls in 2011, according to the provisional census figures. The enumeration of girls in the zero to six age group in Census 2011 showed a shortfall of 4,68,680 girls with Pune accounting for 45,000 cases. Pune district's child sex ratio which was 902 in 2001 has dropped to 873 in 2011.The actual enumeration of girls between zero and six years falls short when the ideal child sex ratio formula is applied. Pune has 45,215 'missing' girls followed by Jalgaon (34,549),Ahmednagar (33,110),Nashik (29,916) and Aurangabad (28,953).Mumbai (suburban) accounted for 19,248 'missing' girls while Mumbai registered 10,868 'missing' girls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13790920", "title": "HC nixes union\u2019s plea for Binny Mill\u2019s office", "text": "CHENNAI: A labour union's attempt to get possession of the Binny Mill's 94-year-old Madras Labour Union (MLU) premises failed after the Madras high court turned down the request of the new set of 'office-bearers' recently.MLU, the first labour union in the state to espouse the cause of textile workers, was formed in April 1918 by a Parsi lawyer from Mumbai, B P Wadia.Pointing out that the mill had been wound up in 1996 and its premises sold to a real estate promoter, Justice K Chandru said, \"It is not clear how the union is still functioning, especially when the B&C; Mills have been irrevocably closed. Even as per bylaws of the union, only persons who are working in the B&C; Mills are entitled to become members of MLU. Only existing workers can get elected to various committees through department-wise allotments. The petitioner has not disclosed as to who are the workers who will continue to be MLU members in the absence of employment for the workers.\"A general secretary of the MLU preferred the present writ petition seeking possession of the union office located on Strahans Road at Pattalam in Chennai. In 2003, there was a dispute between two rival groups of unions over the property. In October 2003, the jurisdictional tahsildar passed an order stating that they should first prove their title right over the union's property.Though no party approached an appropriate civil court to establish their title over the property, the present petition was filed in 2008, stating that the union had been 'revived' and that 2,060 'employees' of the union had elected new office-bearers and authorized them to claim the union's property.Justice Chandru, pointing out that no one had approached a civil court to establish their right and take control over the property, said the union was allegedly 'revived' five years after the tahsildar's order. He said such rights cannot be proved and granted in the high court under Article 226 of the Constitution.Tracing the rich history of the union, the judge said the bylaws clearly state that in the event of dissolution of the trade union, the property should be entrusted only to the Pachaiyappa Trust Board, which would utilize the fund derived from it to provide free scholarship to the children of textile workers in Chennai. Citing the Supreme Court rulings, he said dissolution of the union will not vest the property with the members of the union.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13792839", "title": "Power cuts leave citizens sweating", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Several localities in Old City continue to reel under unscheduled power cuts which continue well past midnight leaving the residents fuming and fretting.Worst affected localities are Daryabad, Kareli, Meerapur, Attarsuiya, Khatri Pathshala, Malviya Nagar, Ahiyapur, Hatia, Loknath, etc that come under the jurisdiction of Kalyani Devi and Rambagh divisions.Sharing their plight, some residents of Daryabad said, \"Already people are suffering in hot weather and when power plays truant, it brings more misery. The area does not receive regular supply for more than an hour. This continues for entire day till midnight after which regular supply is provided till morning hours.\"They said this is the situation when daily temperatures are varying between 43 to 45 Degrees Celsius and heatwave conditions continue till late evening.Residents said there is also voltage problem in the area due to which fans and coolers do not function properly. The matter was brought to the notice of officials of the sub-station but nothing has been done till now, they added.Executive engineer, Kalyani Devi division, Rajiv Kumar said: \"The department is forced to undertake emergency rostering during the evening hours in wake of unexpected rise in daily load. But apart from this there is no other reason to initiate emergency rostering.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13788957", "title": "\u2018No admission requests for free education quota\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: While several schools are getting ready to admit students from the underprivileged section in the 25% quota under the Right to Free and Compulsory Education (RTE) Act, not many have received such admission requests from parents. Many believe that the state government has failed to create awareness among people to avail of this facility.Sushma Dhumal, director of Vishwajyot High School in Kharghar, said, \"The move to admit students from the economically weaker section is indeed a good one. However, we have not been approached by any students. The state government is yet to give us clear instructions on how to go about with the admissions.\" Dhumal added that if students approach the school, they will be given admissions in the reserved quota.Rashmi Pokale, principal of IES's Modern English School, also claimed that she has not received any admission requests. \"I might get a clear picture once the school reopens on Monday,\" said Pokale.One of the principals from a school in the western suburbs mentioned that the state government had failed to create awareness among the underprivileged. \"We are not even sure if we are to go and look out for students from the underprivileged section. If we are supposed to do so, there are no such guidelines. Earlier, we believed that the department will give us a list of students from our neighbourhood,\" the principal said.Another principal claimed that many international schools are not affected by the implementation of the policy as they are not expecting any student to seek admission in their schools. \"The rule says that schools have to provide all facilities that are offered to students in the school to students from the weaker section. These students will be unable to afford expenses like stationery, textbooks, uniforms, etc, which is not provided by the school,\" said a principal.Sanjay Deshmukh, project director of Sarva Shikshan Abhiyaan, said, \"We have released advertisements in several local newspapers to reach out to people, asking them to seek admissions for their children in neighbourhood schools. Even schools were notified to release advertisements declaring the numbers of vacant seats in their schools. It is the school's responsibility to ensure that children in their areas are admitted.\"Deshmukh added that schools should take some initiatives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13808332", "title": "Naavika audio launched", "text": "The audio launch of the upcoming Kannada flick 'Naavika' was recently held at the Green House in the garden city. KV Chandrashekar, president of the Kannada Film Chamber of Commerce (KFCC), Jayaram, vice-president and Sa Ra Govindu, secretary of KFCC were present on the occasion. The movie stars Manish Chandra, Shravanth Rao, Swathi Nagaraj and Esther Noronha in the lead roles. 'Naavika' is Binoculors production's maiden venture.Interestingly, both Manish and Shravanth have been Udaya TV VJs for the last couple of years. While Manish's earlier movies include - Vinayaka Geleyara Balaga and Minugu . Shravanth too was seen on the big screen with Sanjana Gandhi in Chikkamagaloora Chikkamallige .While Manjunath (ALPINE productions) is the producer, Sen Prakash has directed the movie. The music of Naavika has been scored by Raj Narayan Dash and the lyrics penned by Dwarki ( Mathey Mungaru fame) and Raghavendra Kamath Musanje Maathu fame. Hemanth, Bhadrinath, Jogi Sunitha and Chaitra have lent their voices for the album. Naavika is a kidnap drama promising suspense. The shooting of the movie has been completed and is in the post-production stage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13805214", "title": "Aniston wins 'dirtbag' gong at MTV Awards", "text": "Jennifer Aniston bagged the best on-screen dirtbag award for her role as a man-eating dentist in \"Horrible Bosses\" at the MTV Movie Awards , on Sunday.The actress personally took the reward for being bad, at the Awards.\"I would like to say thank you to the television show 'Friends' for letting me unleash my inner-sweetheart, and here's to ( Horrible Bosses director) Seth Gordon for letting me be a dirtbag,\" CBS News quoted Aniston as saying.The live, fan-favorite ceremony opened with indie-pop group Fun and R'n'B singer Janelle Monae singing their hit 'We Are Young,' before host Russell Brand took the stage.Brand opened the show by poking fun of Michael Fassbender's full frontal endowment in Shame and Kim Kardashian's short-lived marriage, which he acknowledged was hypocritical.Brand filed for divorce last year from pop superstar Katy Perry after 14 months of marriage. Perry had performed at the Brand-hosted MTV Video Music Awards in 2009.\"Tonight, I'm gonna keep my eyes peeled for my next wife,\" Brand joked. \"Fasssssbender!\"Other early winners were Shailene Woodley for breakthrough performance for The Descendants and Josh Hutcherson for best male performance for The Hunger Games.Bridesmaids and The Hunger Games are the top nominees at the 21st annual extravaganza with eight nods apiece, including movie of the year.The other contenders up for the night's top prize were Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2, The Help and The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn - Part 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13795020", "title": "In UK, pets becoming 'preferred' bedfellows", "text": "They are already man's best friend. Now, it seems, dogs are our bedfellows too. More than half of Britons let their pet sleep on their bed, according to a new study, while almost three-quarters allow their animals to share the bedroom at least.Such is the nation's devotion to four-legged friends that one in three people admit they would rather share their bed with a pet than with their partner.But the research - conveniently commissioned by a home furnishing retailer to coincide with its launch of life-size pet dummies that allow shoppers to test whether a mattress is big enough for them and their pet - shows that sleeping with animals is affecting people's ability to get a good night's rest. Pets wake up 71% of owners with their snoring, twitching and nocturnal wriggling.More than two-thirds of the 2,000 people surveyed last month complained that their animal takes up too much space. As a result, 39% have booted their partner - rather than the offending beast - out of bed.Cats edge out dogs as the most popular bedfellow, but 4% of those questioned claimed they would be happy to sleep with a rat, and 4% with a reptile. Animal-lovers from Wales are the most likely to allow pets to sleep with them. Half of Britons let their animals share their bed.Julia Jones-Collins , 26, an advertising manager, and her husband David, 28, let their cats Peggy and Billy sleep on their bed, even though they make David sneeze and give him itchy eyes. \"When David bought Peggy for me for a present, we didn't realize he was allergic to cats,\" said Julia Jones-Collins , who uses mattress and pillow protectors to reduce the impact of the cats' fur.In response to the sleeping arrangements , Ikea, which commissioned the research, has created in-store models of pets so customers can ensure a new mattress will accommodate them and their pet. But Elaine Pendlebury, senior vet at the PDSA veterinary charity, does not recommend sleeping with a pet, warning that animals can carry diseases transferable to humans.-- The Independent", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13796353", "title": "India, a knowledge super power", "text": "The role of FDI and improved infrastructure are important factors in meeting the challenges in the higher education sector in the 21century, stresses Kapil Sibal at the release of the fourth edition of EDVANTAGE, organised by Economic TimesIndia has a tremendous advantage of being a nation with one of the largest and youngest populations. But at the same time, the challenge is to channel this demographic advantage.Globally, Indian professionals are considered among the best in their fields and are in great demand due to their expertise . It signifies the inherent strength of the higher education system and its ability to prepare young professionals to make a mark in the global scenario.Addressing the audience at the fourth edition of EDVANTAGE 'India : The Education Superpower,' organised by the Economic Times, Kapil Sibal, Union Minister, Ministry of Human Resource Development and Ministry of Communications and Information Technology (MHRD and MCIT), said that the higher education sector in the country is in a bad shape. Future of education doesn't lie necessarily in building institutions.\"Talking of higher education, most of the state universities in India are in exceptionally bad shape. The average student community in an Indian university is 2500-3000 , whereas the average student community in quality public or private university anywhere in the world is between 20,000 to 40,000.\"According to Sibal, the solution to this problem is creating a dedicated national knowledge network that will connect all students to each other and it will connect all students to faculty members anywhere in India.\"Through the national knowledge network , we are going to connect all the 35,000 colleges and the 604 universities in India. Around 400 universities and 14000 colleges have already been connected and in next few months all the rest will also be connected to a capacity of 2mbps,\" Sibal added.Though systems are being placed, there is a huge gap when it comes to awareness. \"We need to bring awareness within the university system and the student community,\" averred Sibal. The minister also pointed out that once the connectivity between the IT sector and students is maintained, the issue of pedagogy would not exist any further.Talking about FDI in higher education, he said, \"None of the reforms are possible by the government alone. Private investments in higher education are far more important than school education. Our policy framework should allow that investment to take place. All knowledge is collaborative. The global community must be involved to meet the challenges of the 21century, which cannot be done unless we allow FDI to be involved in the venture.\"Sibal stressed that once we have the infrastructure in place and the FDI involved, the kind of collaboration that will come out of it will be mind boggling. Education is a subject, which should not get contentious in terms of political ideologies.Prof SS Mantha, chairman, All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE), R P Sisodia, joint secretary, Higher Education and Minority Education, MHRD, Anshul Sonak, presidentcorporate , Core Education and Technologies Ltd, Dilip K Bandopadhyay, vice chancellor, Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University, also shared their key perspectives on making the country a knowledge super power.At a glanceNone of the reforms are possible by the government alone. Private investments in higher education are far more important than school education. Our policy framework should allow that investment to take place. All knowledge is collaborative (Kapil Sibal)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13792310", "title": "Get set for Venus transit", "text": "BANGALORE: Come Wednesday and Venus will move across the face of the Sun. Called the Venus transit, this is an unusual planetary alignment witnessed only seven times since the telescope was invented in 1608.It is during the transit of Venus that the distance of the Sun from Earth can be measured exactly. Venus will be visible to all; it will appear like a dot with the Sun in the background.Free Software Movement Karnataka (FSMK) will organize a 'spotting' event on the Lalbagh hilltop when the transit happens between 6am and 10am on Wednesday.The transit happens in pairs, with a gap of eight years between them. The last pair was reported in 1874 and 1882. The opener of the current pair occurred in 2004. After Wednesday, the next transit is expected only after 105 years.\"Whoever is interested can join us in witnessing this event. We are expecting several enthusiasts and hoping they rope in their friends as well to watch this celestial phenomenon,\" said Vignesh Prabhu, volunteer, FSMK.Dos &amp; Don'ts* Don't watch the Sun directly with the naked eye. It can be harmful.* Use certified goggles for safe viewing of the transit", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13795436", "title": "Enterprisingly yours...", "text": "THE BEGINNINGIt all began when they came out of the examination room. The examination paper this time was the exact copy of a previous year's paper and this bothered the youngsters.\"Since we did not have the papers of the previous years to prepare, we suffered,\" says Manu, who started it all. \"We began discussing amongst ourselves as to how going through previous years' papers helps. Then came the idea of starting a website where we could upload all the papers and students who did not have access to them would benefit,\" says Manu. \"Obviously , students who are technically sound but have not gone through the previous years' papers lose out on marks as we had done,\" shares Ayush, \"So, it seemed like a good idea. If the papers were available for all to consult, then everyone would benefit.\"STEP FORWARDSo a group of seven - Manu, Pranay, Devendra, Ayush, Mukesh, Suprabhat and Ankit - started working on this idea and this led to the birth of passkarado.com.\"Passkarado.com is an open forum to share academic material,\" informs Pranay, \"We have uploaded the question papers and notes of almost all the engineering streams on the site. Papers of the past 10 years can be found here.\" And it wasn't an easy task to gather the question papers. \"We could only get it from seniors and other fellow students,\" says Devendra, \"We managed to do it through sheer hard work so that if any paper ever gets repeated in the exams, then each one of the students is able to attempt it.\" \"We then decided that we must thank all the seniors who helped us with their co-operation and we ended up creating a contributor's page,\" says Mukesh.SECRET SEVENPasskarado.com is a venture by the seven students of MNIT. You can find all the academic material, notes and previous years' papers of MNIT, BTech-RTU and MBARTU here.'For the first time, the notes for RPSC third grade teachers' exam have been uploaded on the internet ,\" informs Suprabhat. Then the site also has company reviews where various students have done their internship . \"Students definitely like to know a little about the company where they would be going for their internship\" says Ankit, \"There are many websites on the Net, which provide a list of companies providing internship but none, which tells you about how the company actually is. There are various problems like accommodation, working environment in the company, etc, which play an important role.\"Adds Manu, \"We have asked students to write the review of the company/institute from where they have done their internship, explaining the procedure for applying , stipends, accommodations, etc.\" Also, there is a section on the site, which gives you details about the upcoming conferences in the country, which would enable a student to present his/her research paper.\"We have also created a section where we invite toppers of various exams to write their winning strategy,\" says Devendra.\"Soon we will ask employees of different companies to write a review of the company as this will help students get a detailed analysis,\" says Ayush.FUTURE PLANS\"Our tag line is share knowledge,\" says Manu, \"So we will always strive to work towards it. Soon, there will be a central library where engineering students can find their seminar, training/internship reports and presentations.\" \"But,\" says Ayush, \"We will disable the downloading of all this material as they are only for consultation and getting ideas.\" \"We will also be focusing on Writer's desk where any students can come and teach a topic to his fellow mates or juniors by writing an article or audio/visual aids,\" says Pranay.STUDY EASYStudents can find academic material, notes and previous years' papers of MNIT, BTech-RTU and MBA-RTU on the websiteStudents can also find company reviews from where they have done their internship and more", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13788457", "title": "Friendly matches not too friendly for IPL teams?", "text": "NEW DELHI: A majority of IPL franchises are not happy with cricket board's (BCCI) guidelines regarding off-shore 'friendly' matches, calling them 'stringent and complicated.'Two major issues that have become a bone of contention for several franchises are, BCCI's diktat that they sign a fresh contract with the players for the friendlies; and the possible non-availability of the top stars between June and August, the period suggested for these matches.When the IPL teams proposed the idea of the friendlies away from India during the Goa IPL workshop in January, the purported intention was to spread the brand beyond India. BCCI supported it by passing a resolution in the working committee meeting. But now, it appears that for those teams which are not so well-off, negotiating another contract with players is adding to their problems. Team sources say the franchises don't mind giving incentives to players for playing in the friendlies, a new contract will entail more expenditure which is not welcome.Some teams are not amused that the board is treating the friendly matches (a team can play up to three every year) as a 'separate event'. \"It's an IPL team and we are paying the players in any case. Why should the board make it a separate event?\" a team official, who didn't wish to be named, asked.From what it appears, none of the teams have done their mathematics about this off-shore enterprise. \"We have some time to workout the numbers. We have to wait and see,\" another team official said. Will the teams be playing these games this year? \"It's touch and go for this year,\" said a team official.Sources added that associate members of ICC like Canada and the Netherlands have already approached some IPL teams to play on their turf.The only match an IPL team has played outside India was when Rajasthan Royals clashed with Middlesex in July, 2009 at the Lord's.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "13812011", "title": "Youth in Amritsar catching up with Hookha smoking", "text": "AMRITSAR: Youth in the city are catching up with the trend of hookha smoking as the hookha bar's and hookha zones in restaurants and coffee shops continue to mushroom in the city.The visitors of hookha Bars include teenaged boys and girls who go to there for getting a high from nicotine and flavored tobaccos which can be mixed with other narcotics also, said the civil surgeon, Dr HS Ghai, while talking to TOI.Health department had conducted a raid on two famous restaurants of city and seized hookhas from illegally running hookha Zones. Normally a hookha bar charges Rs 375 to Rs 500 per hour of hookha smoking.Dr Ghai said now the department was going to launch a massive crackdown on the illegally running hookha Bars. \"After our earlier raids, most of the restaurants and coffee shops have either closed down the hookha Bars or have been operating secretively with their selected clientele\" he said.An employee of a hookha bar which had been closed down after health department's raid told that many school boys and girls used to smoke hookha after skipping their classes. Spokesperson of health department Manju Sharma informed that during a single raid they had seized 15 hookha's and different varieties of flavored tobacco's.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13794634", "title": "Government keen to see no kid out of school from this year", "text": "BHOPAL: The ambit of 'School Chalein Hum Abhiyan' would be widened in the state this year with the government is taking all steps to make it sure that no kid is out of school from this year. State chief minister has written to all the officials concerned to ensure that all the out-of-school children are admitted to schools and instructed to motivate them for pursuing study up to secondary level.According to an official release, all the children between the age group of six and 14 years should get admission in schools under the Right to Education Act (RTE). Despite this, a large number of children are out of schools due to various reasons.Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan has stated in the letter that in order to address the problem, the campaign would now be called \"School Chalein Hum, School Mein Rahein Hum and Kam Se Kam Madhyamik Shiksha Poorn Karein Hum.\"In this way, the campaign will be launched from the new academic session. It will not be confined to merely ensuring children's admission to schools but will continue throughout the year to ensure students' regular attendance in schools and work for the improvement of their educational abilities, the release stated.A list of students eligible for admissions to classes I, VI and IX would be prepared and according to which their admission in the respective schools would be ensured. All the children in classes I to IV and classes V to VII from academic session 2011-12 should be got registered in classes II to V and classes VII to VIII this year. Responsibility has been entrusted with teachers to identify the out-of-school children and contact their parents to get them admitted to school.A list of children admissible to classes I, VI and IX would be prepared and posted on the education department's website this year. For the first time this year, child tracking action would be taken through posting the list of children admissible to classes I, VI and IX and out-of-school children on the education portal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "13793502", "title": "Class X syllabus to be revised next academic session", "text": "CUTTACK: The Board of Secondary Education (BSE) has decided to revamp the Class X syllabus in a bid to improve the quality of education in the state and to make it at par with CBSE. The revised syllabus for Class X will come into force from next academic year (2013-14).Infact, the board has already started the work of upgrading the syllabus in accordance with National Curriculum Framework guidelines. The revised text books will be more attractive and will help the students to learn the concept easily, board officials informed. The new curriculum will be activity-based learning and will encourage students to look beyond books.\"The new curriculum will help the students to develop a fresh outlook towards education and learning process. Learning will be fun based and activity oriented. It will encourage the students to understand concepts in a better way and apply their knowledge, rather than memorizing the answers,\" said BSE president Satyakam Mishra.For each subject, a team comprising four teachers has been formed to revamp the Class X syllabus. \"In the new curriculum, more focus has been given to mathematics and science subjects. Learning mathematics and science through activity will help students grasp the subjects better,\" added Mishra. However, some board officials claimed the larger aim of adopting the syllabus of the central board is to ensure that the students of the state are able to compete in the all-India level entrance exams.But teachers feel the new curriculum can only fulfill its purpose if adequate teachers are provided in the schools to impart education.\"Undoubtedly, the activity-based learning curriculum will help students to understand the subjects better. But the curriculum can yield desired results only if adequate numbers of teachers are available in the state schools to impart proper education to students. Before implementation of the curriculum, there is need to fill-up the vacant posts of teachers ,\"said Indumadhav Mohanty, president of Odisha Secondary School Teachers' Association.Notably, the board changed in Class IX syllabus this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13805735", "title": "Daljit Mattu teams up with Isher in Pind De Munde", "text": "Isher Singh first broke onto the scene under the name of Desi Vibes, who released their debut album \" 2 da point\" in 2005. The album spawned the massive single 'Baba Veh', which saw huge airplay across all media spectrums.After a long break, Isher Singh is back with 'Pind De Munde', whilst teaming up with one of the most iconic voices in Bhangra, Daljit Mattu, best known for the global anthem 'Captain Bhangra Da'. 'Pind De Munde' sees Daljit Mattu return in a similar high tempo vain, with a hard hittin beat and captivating lyrics.The song will be supported by a video, which is set to air shortly on TV &amp; web.\" Pind De Munde\" will be available to download on June 14th 2012 Via E3UK Records Worldwide on all digital platforms.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13789902", "title": "Wild web of woes: Crooks proliferate online", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Sangeeta (name changed), a third-year college student, was in tears when she approached city police crime branch recently. She told the cyber cell sleuths that she had posted her profile on a popular matchmaking site along with photograph and contact details.Through this medium, she came in contact with a man claiming to be from well-to-do family, owning a website development company and having luxury cars. They started chatting which later led to phone calls and dates. The youth borrowed more than Rs 60,000 from the girl on various pretexts, asked her to buy plane tickets and one fine day, vanished. She later realized that she had become victim of a cyber fraud.\"Recent case of a differently-abled woman being blackmailed by a man from Dhanbad after procuring her pictures in compromising position is not singular one. In that case, a 30-year-old man exploited the opportunity of friendship with his victim who believed him and provided her contact details. He wasted no time in establishing romantic relationship and also offered help to cure her disability. More often than not, it is women who become easy prey for the cyber frauds, who seek potential victims on matrimonial, social networking and professional networking sites,\" said Kiran Patel, a crime branch police inspector.Cyber investigators said that with advent of social networking sites, especially Facebook, it has become very easy for an outsider to gather information about potential victim, right from the birthday to place of work and school and college attended. Such information can be misused to make contacts.\"A very easy method is to create a fake profile and start monitoring the movement of the future victim - where he or she goes, who are in their close circle and even what they eat and wear. Such information overload simply creates a data mine for a fraudster,\" said a cyber crime expert.The experts added that what is shocking is the fact that in most such cases, both victims and accused are below 20 to 25 years of age.\"In a recent case registered with city police, a 16-year old boy created a fake profile of a 16-year-old girl on a social networking site on insistence of another accused, an 18-year-old boy. The girl started getting lewd calls all of a sudden. Later, she realized that someone had created her profile, complete with photographs and contact details. It was revealed after the duo's arrest that the step was taken to avenge the girl's refusal to go out with the boy,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "13792578", "title": "MLA files case against deputy commissioner, superintendent of police", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Sitting Congress MLA Yogendra Sao, who was among the people injured in the lathicharge by police on the Town Hall campus on May 16, filed a complaint case against the deputy commissioner, superintendent of police and the subdivisional officer in the local court.Police allegedly used force against the protestors led by the legislator during a public hearing for a 4,000 MW ultra mega power plant in the district.Sao has named deputy commissioner Manish Ranjan, SDO Rachna Bhagat, SP Pankaj Kamboj and three other officials as the main accused for resorting to brutal lathicharge on him and others due to which he and several others received serious injuries.In his petition filed in the court of chief judicial magistrate (CJM) on Saturday, the MLA demanded action against the officials. \"I have been referred to the All India Institute of medical Sciences, New Delhi for treatment,\" Sao said after filing the case. He alleged in the petition that the administration's motive was to kill him.The court has registered the case (742/12).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13791832", "title": "One year on, justice eludes Forbesganj firing victims", "text": "PATNA: One year has gone by since the police firing at Forbesganj in Araria district. On this day last year, the police shot dead four people of Bhajanpura village, including a breast-fed child and a pregnant woman, while they were protesting against an upcoming starch factory's move to block the road to their village from Forbesganj. The incident ignited nationwide condemnation with teams of National Minorities Commission and National Human Rights Commission rushing to the nondescript place.The incident brought embarrassment to the Nitish Kumar government for two reasons - it was a major police firing that left four people dead and all the victims, both dead and injured, belonged to minority community.The state government constituted a one-man judicial inquiry commission on June 22, 2011 with a mandate to submit its report in six months. Headed by retired judge Madhvendra Saran. The commission was to inquire into the situation leading to police firing. Saran visited Bhajanpura only once and later petitions were invited from the locals by the commission. Its term came to an end on December 22 last year but the extension order was issued on January 16, 2012 for a period of one year.The office of the judicial inquiry commission, located at Araria collectorate, is waiting to be opened. \"The commission is doing its job. Those intending to submit their viewpoints and complaints have been invited to send their petitions,\" said principal secretary, home, Amir Subhani.In Araria, reports suggest that fed up with the inaction of the administration and expecting no permanent solution to the problem through the inquiry panel, the Bhajanpura villagers and owner of the starch factory, who were at loggerheads, are exploring means to find out an amicable solution through mutual discussion. \"A collective social initiative has already started,\" sources said.Shockingly, no victim was extended compensation, save the seven-month-old child Naushad. The police had not only fired indiscriminately, but one of the jawans had stomped over the body of Mustafa Ansari, who had fallen to bullets. A TV footage clip brought to fore the extent of brutality meted out to a wounded victim. \"It's a big blot on the humanity and the state government,\" reacted filmmaker Mahesh Bhatt after his visit to Bhajanpura.Social activist Ashraf Asthanvi, who authored a book 'Forbesganj ka Sach', said the delay in submission of inquiry report is only denying justice to the victims. He was highly critical of the attitude of the state government as well as that of state minorities' commission.RJD took out a protest march in Patna on Sunday, led by state president Ramchandra Purbey, demanding CBI inquiry into the incident. \"The Muslims of Bhajanpura are crying for justice but they are getting only humiliation,\" said RJD secretary general Ram Kripal Yadav. The CPI (ML) also organized a protest meeting at Bhajanpura besides taking out a procession here and other places on Sunday.The Nagrik Pratirodh March took out a procession in Patna, protesting 'injustice' to the Bhajanpura firing victims. Activist Nayyar Fatimi, S N Madan, Priyadarshi and others alleged that even after one year, police had not entertained public complaints against the policemen and others. \"On the contrary, innocent villagers have been implicated in false cases at the behest of the factory owners,\" they alleged.(With input from L P Nayak, Araria)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13788990", "title": "Class X boy run over by BEST bus", "text": "MUMBAI: A Class X student riding a cycle was killed when a BEST bus hit him on S K Bole Road in Dadar (W) on Sunday. The incident occurred around 10.30am when Shubham Shinde (17), son of a police constable, was on his way to his school, Sharadashram Vidyamandir, to attend a special class held during the vacation.This is the third mishap involving a BEST bus in the past 27 hours. On Saturday morning, bus 202 skidded off the road in Kandivli and hit a divider. The same day, another bus skidded off G D Somani Marg and rammed into a pole at CST signal. None was injured.On Sunday, bus driver Sanjeev Gongale (44) was arrested and booked for causing death by negligence. The BEST has also suspended him.According to the police, Shubham was near the Portuguese church in Dadar (E) when the bus knocked him down. In the impact, the cycle got stuck in the bus's rear wheel and Shubham was thrown to the ground. Even as he lay on the road, the bus ran him over and dragged him for a few metres, the police said. The bus conductor took Shubham to KEM hospital where he was declared dead, having suffered injuries on his head and limbs. \"Shubham was dragged for a few meters under the bus's rear wheel,\" said DCP Dhananjay Kulkarni. Confirming the incident, BEST public relations officer N A Walawalkar said, \"Bus no. 53 was going to Lokmanya Tilak Terminus. Around 10.45am, as it took a turn at the signal near the Portuguese church, a cyclist came in contact with the left side of the bus. The driver did not see the cyclist and swerved to the left, knocking down the youth.\"Shubham used to stay with his parents at the Worli police camp; his father Ramkrishna Shinde is attached with the special branch (CID). The Shindes were too shattered to comment. One of their neighbours said Shubham was a diligent student and regularly attended the vacation classes in Dadar.Though the driver blamed the incident on a mechanical fault, the BEST suspects he was driving rashly. BEST committee member Ravi Raja, \"It is shocking that there are accidents almost every week.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "13793090", "title": "Wrongly placed signage mislead commuters", "text": "PANCHKULA: It's not just the Pinjore-Parwanoo bypass where commuters have been taking wrong turns due to misleading signages but the absence of signage at appropriate points on the Panchkula-Zirakpur flyover is also leading to the same problem.The signages have been installed by the authorities where commuters easily miss them. In fact, they only get to spot them when they have got on the wrong route.\"I was near the Sector 20 flats and had to go towards Panchkula but I took a wrong turn and found myself on the road to Chandigarh. It was only after I had taken the wrong route, did I spot a board which showed that the road was going towards Chandigarh. Then I had to take a U-turn to get on the right route. It was sheer wastage of time and petrol,\" rued Ramveer Sethi, a resident of Sector 12, Panchkula.Residents feel that this confusion caused due to signages not having been put at proper points can put the lives of commuters at risk. \"One will have to halt near the diversion, including the one near Zirakpur, because of confusion as to where to go, even when driving at speed. On Saturday while going towards Panchkula, I got confused about which road to take and suddenly halted my car. The car behind me that was being driven at 100 km per hour would have rammed my car had it not been at some distance from mine and was able to slow down,\" said Daksh Luthria, a resident of Zirakpur.\"My relatives while coming from Delhi get confused as to which route to take towards Panchkula. Even the signboard near Sector 21 flyover creates confusion as it mentions Yamunanagar and Nada Sahib,\" said Manoj Aggarwal, a resident of Panchklula. Even the signages about sectors adjoining the flyover are installed on slip roads rather than on the main road. \"I don't think there should be confusion but will definitely look into the matter,\" said Anil Dahiya, director of NHAI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "13791900", "title": "Unique drive to transplant trees", "text": "SURAT: A unique tree-transplantation drive was carried out in the city by a real estate developer on his project site. The developer used a truck-mounted spade for the operation and was able to transplant two trees instead of cutting them to make space for a new building.\"We came to know about the transplantation process and the available machine for it hence we sourced it,\" said Dhwanil Patel, director of DMD Developers. \"We feel proud about being the first developer in the city to adopt the latest technology for the activity.\" The transplantation was carried out at construction site on Puna Kumbhariya Road.On Sunday, a neem tree and a mango tree were transplanted. The mango tree is eight years old while the neem tree is six years old. The US-made spade costs Rs 1.20 crore and is fixed on a truck. It was rented from Gujarat Alkalis and Chemicals Limited (GACL). The spade was rented for Rs 3,600 per tree. Due to its design and mechanism the machine is able to pull up and transport trees from distant locations too.\"We had space at our project site so we got the trees transplanted,\" said Patel. \"It is just the beginning, our company is ready to get trees from other places and transplant them on our properties. Instead of cutting a tree for development we will transplant it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13792877", "title": "Youth's body found in Colonelganj", "text": "Body of a 25-year-old unidentified youth was found in mysterious circumstances at Company Bagh in Colonelganj on Sunday. Police said that a foreign currency note and some telephone numbers were found in the trousers of the deceased.The police added they were trying the phone numbers to ascertain the identity of the youth. The body was later sent for the postmortem examination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13790745", "title": "Berlin dares Karat to oust V S Achuthanandan from CPM", "text": "KOZHIKODE: CPM general secretary Prakash Karat does not have the courage to oust V S Achuthanandan from the party, said Berlin Kunhanandan Nair.Addressing the Communist Sangamam organized by the Revolutionary Marxist Party and the Left Co-ordination Committee here on Sunday, he said the party has been saying that VS is constantly violating party discipline. \"Then why is the party reluctant to expel him?\" he asked.In his speech, K C Umesh Babu alleged that CPM leader Elamaram Kareem, who is now the most vocal supporter of Pinarayi Vijayan, had once plotted against him. If all those things come out Kareem will have to face the same fate of T P Chandrasekharan.Praising VS as the real comrade, he said, \"Achuthanandan has the ability to offer a fight single-handedly. He doesn't need people to rally behind him. People see the real comrade in him and that is why they feel relieved in his presence.\"MN Vijayan, Padom magazine, and TP Chandrasekharan were the three presences that courageously fought against the deviations in the CPM, he said.LCC state general secretary K S Hariharan, K P Kumarankutty, N Sugathan, V P Vasudevan and Chandrasekharan's son Abhinand attended the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13812672", "title": "Trailer of Eppadi Manasukkul Vandhaai launched", "text": "The trailer of director G Kicha's production, Eppadi Manasukkul Vandhaai, was launched in grand fashion on June 3. The film is directed by P V Prasad, who earlier directed the sleeper hit Kadhalil Vizhunthaen and stars Vishwa, Irfan and newcomer Tanvi Vyas (a former Ms India) in the lead roles.Like Prasad's previous film, this one will be a romantic entertainer. The trailer was released by former state minister Paruthi Ilamvazhuthi and received by veteran producer Ibrahim Rawther. The trailer launch had some of Kollywood's big names gracing it. The list includes directors 'R K Selvamani', 'Vasanthabalan', 'Pandiraj', 'K Bhagyaraj', 'Manoj Kumar', producers G Sekaran, 'T Siva', 'T Ramesh', 'Kovai Mani', and actors 'Vimal' and 'Ganesh Venkatraman'. The film's music is by 'A J Daniel', who has been working under hit composer 'Harris Jayaraj' for the past 10 years.Music had played a key role in the success of Prasad's debut film (remember the foot-tapping Nakka Mukka ...?) and the director, who has also written the lyrics for all the songs in this film, said that he had placed the same importance to music in this film as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13790371", "title": "Arrest in 16-year-old case, but papers missing", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It was a moment of happiness for the Satellite police officials on Saturday when they were handed over a man who is wanted in a 16-year-old chain snatching incident. However, the cops are in a quandary now, as they are finding it difficult to track down the documents concerning the old case, including the FIR.After hunting for the papers throughout Sunday without much headway, the Satellite police claimed that they have sought required papers.The city police commissioner had formed a squad to catch absconding criminals. The squad had tracked down the whereabouts of Ashraf Khan Malek, a reident of Fatewadi, on Saturday and handed him over to Satellite police station.Satellite police station inspector M S Sindha said that Malek was named by Saeed Shaikh, a chain snatching accused caught in 1995. \"Shaikh and Malek were partners in crime. The duo was involved in three chain snatching incidents in Satellite. We're now going to question him about his activities during this period between 1995 and 2012,\" he said. The Satellite police officials were asked to find out the papers related to 1995 case and warrant for Malek.The incident occurred long back when the old police station was functioning. Many papers might have got missed in transit from old station to new one.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13789005", "title": "Evening dust storm, rain bring down temperature", "text": "NEW DELHI: Light rain in parts of the city on Sunday morning and a dust storm in the evening led to a sudden fall in temperature. From a high of 42.4 degrees celsius, two degrees above normal, the temperature fell by almost 10 degrees as in a span of a few hours dark clouds covered the sky and some areas reported more rain.\"Many parts of the city witnessed dust and thunderstorm. Noida received 3mm rainfall in the evening while Ayanagar and Mungeshpur recorded 1.8mm and 1mm respectively. Till 8.30am on Sunday, the city had recorded 0.2mm rainfall. A fresh western disturbance will be affecting the Himalayan region from Monday because of which some more rain can be expected,\" said a Met official.Sunday's minimum temperature touched 29.7 degrees, two degrees above normal. The maximum temperature across the city fell by 2-3 degrees since Saturday. \"Minimum temperatures across northwest India continued to remain 2-3 degrees above normal but several areas witnessed rain and thundershowers due to western disturbance. Rain and thundershowers are expected over one or two places in Jammu and Kashmir till Tuesday after which more areas will receive rainfall. One or two places in Himachal Pradesh and Uttarakhand will also receive rain,\" said an official.A few places in the northwest plains will also witness dust and thunderstorm till Monday after which some areas are likely to receive rain. \"Delhi is expected to remain slightly cloudy with possibility of dust storm on Monday. The maximum and minimum temperatures will be around 41 degrees and 30 degrees respectively. Overall, there should be a fall of 2-4 degrees over northwest, central and adjoining east India in the next 48 hours leading to an abatement of heat wave conditions,\" said the official. The Met department also said the monsoon is set to hit Kerala by Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13789696", "title": "\u2018Pawar seeks change of guard by attacking CM\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: In the last few months, NCP chief Sharad Pawar has frequently slammed chief minister Prithviraj Chavan in public.At a party function on Saturday, Pawar said the state government should shoulder the blame for exodus of industrial houses from Maharashtra. On earlier occasions, Pawar had targeted Chavan over delayed response to the water crisis and raised questions over his ability to run the state's coalition government. Political circles are rife with rumours over the NCP chief's frequent outbursts against Chavan. While NCP sources maintain that Pawar was raising \"valid\" concerns, those in the Congress camp feel that there is a design in the attacks.A senior Congress functionary links it to the discomfort in the NCP camp over some decisions taken by Chavan. \"The NCP is disheartened by the action taken against Maharashtra State Cooperative Bank (MSCB) and the decision to bring out a white paper on irrigation. Pawar's move may be a pressure tactic,\" a senior Congress leader said.\"By hitting out at Chavan and questioning his decision-making skills, Pawar is sending a message to the Congress high command that he is not comfortable with Chavan at the helm of affairs,\" a source added.The NCP camp has refuted the allegation. \"How can anyone influence a party's decision to chose a leader,\" an NCP leader said.Chavan, who is in Delhi for a key party meet, seems upset over Pawar's statement on Saturday. On Sunday, state Congress president Manikrao Thakre, AICC secretary Mohan Prakash and Chavan met senior party leader Ahmed Patel to discuss appointments to statutory boards and corporations and nominees for upcoming legislative council polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13790459", "title": "RWAs pool in money to help slum fire victims", "text": "NOIDA: Residents of Sector 62 have joined hands to help inhabitants of a nearby slum that was gutted on March 31. The blaze, besides engulfing more than 50 shanties, had claimed two lives and rendered several poor families without a source of income. Many of the residents, who performed odd jobs to make ends meet, were left without a roof over their heads.As a first step, residents of Sector-62 are providing cycle-rickshaws, on the basis of loans, to the youths who have been jobless since their houses were gutted. Though the administration had paid Rs 2,000 each to the 50-odd families, who had lost their homes in the fire, as compensation, no efforts were made to provide them with employment.The Federation of RWAs of Sector 62 handed over the first batch of rickshaws to three poor youths on Sunday in the presence of ASP Prabhakar Chaudhari.\"We collected the money from residents. In the beginning, we will help out the youth who have been rendered jobless after the blaze. Later on, we will extend self-employment opportunities to others as well,\" said S M Singh, president of the federation. \"The rickshawpullers will be required to pay Rs 20 to the federation on a daily basis so that the loans can be returned. After that, they will be given ownership of the rickshaws. Once the loans are repaid, the amounts collected would be used for buying more rickshaws to cover more needy people,\" added Singh.Residents, waking up to the pathetic condition of the unemployed youth, pooled in around Rs 23,000 for buying the three cycle-rickshaws, thereby, sowing the seeds of aphilanthropic initiative. \"We are providing them jobs to also keep them from taking to crime or becoming drug addicts,\" said Singh.The federation, which has 52 member RWAs in charge of more than 10,000 housing units, has also instructed the youths not to ply the cycle-rickshaws on main roads, and instead, run them on the interior roads of sectors.\"Cycle-rickshaws plying on main roads lead to congestion. We have advised them to stay on the interior roads. We have also instructed them to act as eyes and ears of the police to help curb crime,\" said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13788527", "title": "One-day protest held to support Anna-Ramdev agitation in Delhi", "text": "NAGPUR: Supporters of India Against Corruption (IAC) in city managed to put up a good show for the single day fast organized in support of a similar agitation by Anna Hazare and Ramdev Baba in Delhi. An estimated crowd of thousand visited the protest site at RBI Square throughout the day.City coordinator of IAC Ajay Sanghi said, \"There was immense enthusiasm because both Ramdev Baba and Anna were sharing dais in the capital and we were all watching it live on the screen put up here at the protest site.\"Irfan Shaikh, a garment shop owner from Kamptee came to lend his support to the IAC protest despite the hot weather. \"The protest is being done basically for our future only and all the issues they are raising about black money will impact us. My shop is closed today and instead of sitting at home I thought it would be meaningful to come here and stand shoulder to shoulder with Anna supporters,\" said Shaikh.His thoughts are echoed by Mahal resident Sachin Malvi who believes that declaring black money as national asset will solve most of our problems. \"All the corrupt people from India are parking their money abroad and common folks like us are struggling to make ends meet. Ramdev Baba is correct when he says that black money should be put back into government coffers as that is what will help our country in the long run,\" said Malvi.While IAC is supporting Ramdev's issue of bringing black money back to the country, it is also focused on its own issues as well, and the groundwork needed to create awareness. Sanghi, said, \"We will be meeting our supporters again to plan a strategy on how to inform people about the importance of Right To Reject. We want that only people's candidates should contest elections just like it is done in the US primaries. In our meetings I will suggest to my colleagues that we should impress upon political parties that their candidates should be chosen in a democratic way by the party workers only.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13794379", "title": "Your deadline to remove sun film ends tomorrow", "text": "BANGALORE: If you are driving on the road still sporting a sun film on your car window , then you could be in trouble . Police have decided to strictly implement the Supreme Court ban on sun films on vehicle windows and windshields. The deadline issued to motorists to remove the tint will end on Tuesday.\"We will book cases under Section 177 of Motor Vehicles Act against those who haven't removed sun film. We will slap fine of Rs 100 on first-time offenders and Rs 300 on second-timers . The driving licence of third-time offenders may be suspended,\" said MA Saleem, additional commissioner of police (traffic).The earlier May 19 deadline was extended to June 5 for motorists' convenience. Saleem ruled out another extension in deadline.The move follows a Supreme Court verdict prohibiting use of sun films or any visual light transmission material on safety glasses , windscreens and side glasses of vehicles throughout the country. Rule 100 of Central Motor Vehicles Act stipulates 70% visibility for front and back windscreens and 50% for windows.In black and whiteFirst-time offenders will have to cough up fine of Rs 100. Second-time offenders will have to pay Rs 300. Third-timers stand to lose their driving licence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13795361", "title": "Dig deeper into your pocket as vegetable prices soar", "text": "PANAJI: The daily meal has not been the same for the common man in Goa for the last several days as soaring vegetable prices have led to some cutting back on the greens.Vegetable vendors and wholesalers attribute the rise in prices to the summer heat that causes green and leafy vegetables to lose their freshness quicker than in other seasons.The extent of the rise in prices in the past two weeks has been shocking. The price of french beans, for instance, has gone up from 20 to 60 per kg. A bunch of fresh coriander, which cost 5 a couple of weeks ago, is now priced at 20. The price of carrots has gone up from 20 to 40 per kg, while cabbage now costs 24, as against the earlier 14 a kg.From P1Onions, an essential in every Goan kitchen, was selling at 12 per kg as against its old price of 10. Tomatoes are also dearer by 4, scaling to 24 from the earlier 20 in just two weeks.The rise in prices has hit consumers hard. Mapusa resident and housewife Andrea Pereira said, \"It is difficult to buy the quantity of vegetables you want because of the hike. I am forced to buy smaller quantities.\"Margao resident Carl Fernandes, shopping for his family of four at the local market, said, \"Everyone has been affected by the hike in vegetable prices. As for me, I can't keep my family hungry, so the quantity of vegetables I buy hasn't decreased.\"Other just shrugged off the rise in prices of consumer goods. \"Hike in petrol prices cannot stop us from driving. Similarly, a rise in the prices of vegetables cannot stop us from buying or eating them,\" said Edwin Ferrao, who was shopping for the week's supply of groceries along with his wife at Panaji market.Not only is the common man affected by the hike in vegetable prices, but vendors, whose lives depend on selling them.Panaji market wholesaler Dayanand Amonkar said, \"During this time of the year, the prices of vegetables usually go up as the over two months of summer heat means less water supply for vegetable growers.\"Ponda market vegetable vendor Gopinath Naik said, \"The hike in vegetable prices is expected as the quality of vegetables deteriorates faster from April to June due to the heat. Production is also lower on account of less availability of water.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13791556", "title": "Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation plans floating hotels in coastal cities", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation (MTDC) intends to take beach tourism to a completely different level, with plans to start 'flotels' (floating hotel) in the harbour areas of the coastal cities -Mumbai, Navi Mumbai, Ratnagiri and Alibaug, based on public-private partnership.Long cruises from Mumbai to Cochin and Goa, using cruise vessels with over 200 rooms are also being considered. The MTDC is also in the process of framing a 'local cruise policy' to facilitate introduction of these features in the realm of regional tourism. The approximate cost of a flotel, with a seating capacity of 400 persons is about Rs 7,200 crore.An official from the MTDC said the plan to draft a cruise policy is in process. \"The policy will help in facilitating the introduction of flotels in various coastal metropolitan cities. The MTDC will help private entrepreneurs bring up such projects by securing the necessary permissions from competent authorities. The MTDC will thus be a joint-partner in the project,\" the official said.Also in the offing are long cruises with ships having 200-400 rooms. \"We have not been able to start such cruises till now due to stringent Coastal Regulation Zone (CRZ) rules. Additional infrastructure is required to start such cruises, such as hotels and private boats in the vicinity, which is difficult with CRZ norms. Places such as Goa and Kerala have relatively relaxed CRZ rules and have been given concessions based on their physical features,\" said the official.The MTDC will, therefore, frame a local cruise policy related to cruise services, in an attempt to implement this initiative. \"This policy will later be placed before the state cabinet for approval,\" the official said.He added that the CRZ rules prohibit undertaking various activities between 200-500 metres of the high tide line of the sea, which covers the major part of land area along the sea front.\"Casinos in the proposed flotels on the lines of Goa have also been considered, though various social and cultural aspects will have to be considered before doing so. We cannot bring in casinos exactly like the way it has been done in Goa. We are currently taking inputs on various aspects of this venture from international cruise services and are in the process of preparing a proposal,\" the official said.The official added that long cruises will cover most of the Konkan coast. \"Flotels may, however, not come up in Sindhudurg, as we are not sure about the kind of response they would get from there,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13787942", "title": "\u2018MIDC not collecting labour cess correctly\u2019", "text": "NASHIK: The industrial associations in the city have urged the office of the deputy labour commissioner to examine the issue of recovery of labour cess by the Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC).R R Hendre recently took charge as the new deputy labour commissioner, Nashik. A delegation of office-bearers from the Nashik Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (NIMA) and the Ambad Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (AIMA) met him and held talks on the labour cess issue and told him about 'how wrongly the MIDC is recovering cess from the industry'. Hendre assured them that he would look into the matter.AIMA president Suresh Mali said, \"The way the MIDC is recovering labour cess is completely wrong. Companies under the Factory Act have been excluded from the cess, but the MIDC recovers cess in a blanket manner. During a recent state-level meeting of the Rajya Udyog Mitra, the labour department had clarified that companies which are under the Factory Act are not required to pay cess. We told the MIDC to follow the labour department's guidelines but it has not.\"This issue had also come up at the meeting of the Zilla Udyog Mitra last month with the then district collector P Velrasu in the chair. Velrasu at that time had asked the office of the deputy labour commissioner to examine the situation.The MIDC charges labour cess of 1% of the total construction cost from industries. The cess is collected while the construction plans are being sanctioned. Revenue collected through labour cess is deposited directly into the accounts of the Maharashtra Building and Other Construction Workers Board. Money from this fund is then spent on the welfare of labourers across the state.The industry delegation that met Hendre included NIMA president Dhananjay Bele, AIMA president Suresh Mali and general secretary of NIMA Manish Kothari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "13793706", "title": "BJP leader Bhupat Bhayani shot at near Junagadh", "text": "RAJKOT: A BJP leader in Junagadh district, Bhupat Bhayani, was injured when six unidentified persons opened fire at him in Parapipaliya village of Bhesan taluka on Sunday.Party sources said that Bhayani was returning to Bhesan from Gandhinagar in his car when he was attacked. Six persons intercepted his vehicle and opened fire and as soon as his car reached near Parapipaliya village.\"Bhayani was injured seriously and was rushed to private hospital in Junagadh. Later he was referred to a private hospital in Rajkot,'' party sources said.According to sources, Bhayani, 42, is a member of taluka panchayat in Bhesan and vice president of BJP's youth wing in Junagadh. His wife Sumita is also an elected member in Junagadh district panchayat.Soon after the incident, senior BJP leaders including Vijay Rupani rushed to the hospital in Rajkot.\"Bhayani had ruckus with local people in Bhesan few days ago and they wanted to take revenge,\" Rupani told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13789822", "title": "Appliance maker, shop to pay for shoddy service", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra State Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission recently ordered a home appliance manufacturer and a Dadar-based shop to pay Rs 13,000 to a woman for a four-month delay in installing a water purifier.Whirlpool of India Ltd and Kulkarni Brothers have been directed to pay Matunga resident Indu Zaveri Rs 10,000 as compensation for causing mental and physical agony and Rs 3,000 towards litigation cost.\"Considering the fact that the complainant (Zaveri) is a senior citizen and had to wait for nearly four months to make the water-purifier functional and the negative attitude of the opponents, we feel that a compensation of Rs 10,000 and Rs 3,000 towards cost will be just and proper and will meet the ends of justice,\" the commission said.On August 29, 2011, the Central Mumbai District Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum passed an order in favour of Zaveri and awarded a compensation of Rs 5,000. She then filed an appeal in the state commission seeking an enhanced compensation.According to Zaveri, she purchased a water-purifier manufactured by Whirlpool from Kulkarni Brothers on October 22, 2010. The water-purifier was to be installed by Whirlpool and was delayed by an employee of the company. The installation was done by an employee who was not an expert and the purifier was not activated. Zaveri complained to the company. On February 16, 2011, the company sent an expert to rectify the error, following which the purifier started functioning.The state commission said it was established from the evidence adduced by Zaveri that Whirlpool had not deputed a technical expert for the installation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13795447", "title": "Congress hopes to cash in on Naveen-Pyari feud", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: After having allegedly played a part in the failed coup bid by Rajya Sabha member Pyarimohan Mohapatra and others against Naveen Patnaik , the Congress is hopeful of taking advantage of internal hostilities within the ruling BJD.Though there is no official word on what role the Congress scripted in the aborted coup, party sources said a powerful section within Congress had entered into a tacit understanding with Pyari to extend support in case the latter succeeded in breaking up the BJD.Incidentally, two Congress legislators had showed up in an SUV at Pyari's residence at Saheed Nagar in full media view late on Tuesday evening when talk of revolt within the BJD was being discussed all over the state. Though the two legislators fled from the spot upon seeing the heavy media presence, some shutterbugs managed to click their photographs. The incident happened just hours after a senior Congress leader went on record saying their party would consider supporting the breakaway faction of BJD if the Congress high command gave the go-ahead.While that opportunity did not arise as Pyari could not muster the numbers, the open war between the BJD's top two bosses nevertheless has perked up the ambitions of the main opposition party in Odisha.\"The Naveen-Pyari duo had proved their invincibility with repeated poll successes, rendering us useless. Many leaders had lost hope on the party faring well in the 2014 Assembly and Lok Sabha elections,\" a senior Congress leader said, adding, \"Following the BJD revolt, we certainly feel the Congress can take advantage of the situation, provided we set our house in order.\"Another Congressman, an ex-minister, feels the Grand Old Party has been provided with a good chance to resurrect itself as the BJD has started to wash its dirty linen in public. \"That Naveen and Pyari have now become sworn enemies augurs well for the Congress, which is the only party in a position to replace the BJD,\" he claimed.Odisha Pradesh Congress Committee president Niranjan Patnaik, however, was guarded in his comments. \"We are least concerned with what is happening. Those are internal matters of the BJD,\" Niranjan told TOI. \"We just hope that this inept BJD government goes so that people of Odisha could breathe easy and development can take place,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13795084", "title": "A question of privacy", "text": "Even as issues regarding social networking sites, Facebook's public listing and its future, as also Facebook CEO and founder Mark Zuckerberg's marriage makes headlines, four students at Jamia Millia Islamia carried out a research on Facebook, its use and impact on students life on campus. Over the past few years, much has been talked about user privacy on Facebook. The site has changed its privacy policy time and again.Final year students of MA in media governance at the Centre for Culture, Media and Governance at the university carried out a study on 'Facebook and its use among Jamia students: A study,' as part of their ongoing project on Facebook at the centre.Sahana Sarkar, Shilpa Narani, Merlin Oommen, and Shafaque Alam are the authors of the research work. According to them, the study looks at issues pertaining to privacy on the site among students on campus. The findings are based on seven focus group discussions conducted at various departments of Jamia.The study reveals that there is gross ignorance among most students on how personal user information is collected , used and shared by Facebook. Ignorance of it leaves them susceptible to cyber crimes like identity theft, data theft, etc. In addition, it leaves them open to having their online activity monitored and analysed by private companies in order to hit them with targeted advertisements.\"Our objective is to understand how students understand the term 'privacy' and how they manage the risk of infringement of privacy on the site. Also, whether students know how their personal information is protected and used,\" says Shafaque Alam.\"We interviewed a total of 32 students , between the ages of 18 and 27 years. Besides collecting information pertaining to our objective, participants were also asked a few questions related to their Facebook usage habits and purpose,\" explains Alam.For the complete story, click on 'College Life' under Campus Life in www.myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "the irony could not have been more pronounced", "code": "13791239", "title": "The roadshow Brand Bihar did not plan", "text": "The irony could not have been more pronounced: The day the Planning Commission sort of patted Bihar for being the fastest growing state for the second year running, the whole wide world saw the chief of the state's 80,000-strong police force being heckled by an unruly mob mourning the death of Ranvir Sena founder Brahmeshwar Singh at Ara, 60km from Patna, something that must have thoroughly demoralized the men-in-khaki working under him besides, of course, putting a question mark on the lofty claims of law and order in the state.As if that was not enough, the very next day the state capital presented a picture of complete lawlessness for hours together with a section of mourners beating, burning and smashing whatever and whoever came their way - men, motors and mobikes and talking revenge of the bloodiest kind ('Khoon ka badla khoon se lenge; ek ka badla sau se lenge') at the top of their voice. Much to the discomfiture of many, even unprintable expletives against CM Nitish Kumar rent the air.The 'police-lessness' must have sent shivers down the spine of one and all, including those the Nitish Kumar government wishes to invite to \"changing Bihar\" to help it develop further and faster. For, the national print and electronic media repeatedly ran stories with gory visuals of buildings and vehicles going up in flames and panicky Patnaites and jittery jawans of Bihar police scurrying for cover.Who's the culprit? The handful of hoodlums who had melted into the funeral procession? Not exactly. Social scientist Shaibal Gupta put it matter-of-factly: This could not have happened without the connivance of the \"administration\" with the troublemakers.Shaibal's abhorrence for the \"administration\" does not appear unfounded. With Singh's supporters having made their intentions clear at Ara on June 1, it did not require rocket science to predict an encore the next day in Patna where the cremation was planned. What then prevented the \"administration\" to exercise the \"wide, sweeping powers\" it has under Section CrPC 144 and also the Bihar Police Act to prevent the last rites in Patna, the centre of power where anti-social elements are usually more inclined to show their strength? Many feel had it been in Ara or Buxar or Varanasi, it would not have attracted the bad press nationally.Besides the 80,000-odd state police forces of which he is the chief, the DGP also has at his disposal a large number of central paramilitary forces deployed in the state. If need be, more paramilitary forces could have been requisitioned even at a moment's notice. But what to talk of requisition for reinforcement, the \"administration\" chose to make even the existing forces sit idle in the barracks.Patna Police alone is 12,000-strong, but the pairs of boots patrolling the streets of Patna on the day could be counted on fingers. They too vanished into thin air the moment the mob moved menacingly towards them. As they say cops always come after the commission of crime, police have now lodged FIRs against hundreds of 'culprits'. It remains to be seen how they bring them to book.Shaibal's hunch is that the madness and the method in it smacked of a plot to destabilize the Nitish Kumar government. If that is the case, it's time for Kumar to sit up and do the needful. For what's at stake is not only his government but also the fate of the Brand Bihar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "taipei", "code": "13812394", "title": "Acer unveils Windows 8-based tablets, ultrabooks", "text": "TAIPEI: TAIPEI: With the computer industry gearing up for the launch of Windows 8 later this year, technology companies have started to reveal their big plans. At Computex, the world's largest exhibition related to computer products and technologies, Acer on Monday showed a number of devices, including tablets, powered by Microsoft's next operating software. The company said that this year it would launch two tablets (W700 and W510), Aspire 7600U and Aspire 5600U all-in-ones, and Aspire 7 series ultrabooks powered by Windows 8.Acer said that W510 is a convertible device. \"The unique part of the W510 tablet is the tri-mode, allowing users to touch, type and view. Aside from the conventional tablet mode, it can be used in productivity mode. A detachable keyboard dock can be connected to the tablet for optimal typing as well as extending the battery life up to 18 hours. Rotating the tablet 295 degrees allows it to be used in presentation mode, which is excellent for watching a video, browsing a webpage or viewing a PowerPoint presentation,\" the company said.W510 has a screen size of 10.1 inches while W700 has a full HD 11.6-inch screen.The smaller tablet will be priced at Rs $799 while W700 will cost at least $999.S7 series ultrabooks will be available in two sizes -- 13.3-inch and 11.6-inch. Despite the comparatively small screens, both ultrabooks have full HD resolution and aluminum unibody design. The larger model also sports a glossy, sculpted glass cover.The 13.3-inch model offers up to 12 hours of battery life, while the 11.6-inch model can run for up to 9 hours. Acer's S7 Series also features a light-sensing keyboard, which automatically detects changes in lighting conditions and adjusts the keyboard backlight brightness.The Aspire 7600U has a touchscreen with support for 64 touch points. Acer said that Aspire 5600U is the thinnest all-in-one PC currently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13793793", "title": "Three perish in separate road accidents in Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: Two persons from Kerala died in a road accident in the rural limits, while a class seven boy was killed in another incident in Madurai city limits on Sunday.In the first incident that happened in the rural limits, the car in which the youth were travelling, toppled, killing two and injuring two others. Police said that one Prince Samson from Thiruvananthapuram, who was working in a nationalised bank in the Kerala capital, was transferred to Hyderabad recently. After he moved to Hyderabad, he told his car driver Suresh to hand over the vehicle to his son residing in Trichy. Since Suresh had to go alone to deliver the car to Samson's son, he picked up four of his friends , Biju (31), Nandhu Chandran (18), Mahesh (24) and Sunilkumar (27) for the trip to Trichy.When the car neared Puliankulam tank near Kappalur, the vehicle toppled and Biju and Chandran were killed on the spot while Sunilkumar and Mahesh, who was driving the car after taking charge of the wheel from Suresh, sustained serious injuries. Suresh, however, escaped with minor injuries. Tirumangalam police rushed to the spot and rushed the injured to the Government Rajaji Hospital (GRH) in Madurai. The bodies of Biju and Chandran were recovered by the police and sent to the GRH for postmortem.Initial investigations revealed that Suresh after driving till Virudhunagar handed over the wheel to his friend Mahesh. \"The car was not hit by any other vehicle and it appears the driver fell asleep causing the accident,\" a police official said. Tirumangalam Town police have registered a case and investigating further.In the second accident in Madurai city, a 13-year-old boy was killed and his mother sustained injuries, as the two-wheeler they were travelling collided with a lorry. The boy died after he came under the vehicle's wheels.J Nandha (29) from Pykkara was returning home with her son, Harishvardhan (13) and daughter Dhanusri (9) after attending to some domestic work in the city on Sunday afternoon. As they neared the Madurai crime branch office, the handle bar of the two-wheeler brushed by the side of the lorry, resulting in the woman losing control of the vehicle. While the mother and daughter fell on the road, the boy slipped under the wheels of the lorry and was crushed to death even as his shocked mother and sister were watching.Police sources said that the boy was killed on the spot while Nandha and Dhanusri were rushed to a private hospital and treated for the injuries. Their condition is not critical. Karimedu traffic police filed a case and arrested the lorry driver, A Mohanraj (39) from Madurai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13790509", "title": "Bharat Petroleum Corporation invests 75 crore in refinery substation", "text": "KOCHI: Bharat Petroleum Corporation Ltd (BPCL) has spent Rs 75 crore to set up a 22 kV substation on the premises of its subsidiary Kochi Refinery at Ambalamugal near Kochi. The substation will be inaugurated by state power minister Aryadan Mohammed on Tuesday. State minister of fisheries, excise &amp; ports K Babu will be present at the inaugural function.BPCL said in a statement that the substation will cater to the additional power requirements of Kochi Refinery and also pave the way for setting up a 110 kV substation which is being envisaged by the Kerala State Electricity Board (KSEB) in the Kochi Refinery land itself.\"This will contribute to KSEB's capability to maintain stable and reliable power in the area and support the upcoming integrated refinery expansion project of BPCL Kochi Refinery, a petrochemical joint venture of BPCL, as well as Petrochemical Park being planned by the state government. Moreover, this will directly increase the power reliability in the Kalamassery industrial area and benefit domestic customers,\" the release stated.With the commissioning of the new substation, Kochi Refinery will become the first extra high voltage consumer of KSEB at the 220 kV transmission level, BPCL said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13790816", "title": "Students pledge to drive safe after friend\u2019s death", "text": "CHENNAI: A group of youngsters on Sunday took a pledge to drive responsibly and follow the rules while on the road. They had learned, in the hardest way, that the road can be an unforgiving place.A first year student of mechanical engineering at SRM University, S K Vignesh, or SK as his friends called him, loved his friends, dancing and automobiles. He was an active participant in inter-school and inter-collegiate dance and drama competitions and wanted to do a master's degree in automobile engineering in Germany.He would browse the internet for information on cars, and loved to talk about the unique features of different cars, said S Karthikeyan, Vignesh's father. \"We were planning to make his dream come true by sending him to Germany for a master's in automobile engineering,\" he said.The dream ended when the car in which he was travelling with three friends crashed into a tree in Bangalore on May 24.Arul Mozhi, B Vignesh, S Avinash and S K Vignesh were childhood friends who studied together from kindergarten at Chinmaya Vidyalaya. Now in different colleges, the four friends decided to meet in Bangalore. Shortly after they reached the city, the mishap occurred. Vignesh died in the accident.\"We think a pedestrian suddenly tried to cross the road and Avinash floored the brakes to avoid hitting him. The car skidded to the left and hit a tree,\" said B Vignesh, one of the boys who went on the trip. \"SK did not open his eyes. His jaw was dislocated,\" he added. Avinash, 18, did not have a licence.Not one of the nearly 26 boys and girls who turned up to pay tribute to Vignesh blamed Avinash, but they wanted to do their bit to make sure no one else has loses a friend to a road mishap again.They took an oath. \"We will not drive without a licence. We will not drive without wearing a helmet or a seatbelt. We will not use mobile phones while driving. We will follow traffic rules and never cross speed limits,\" they said.As photographs of Vignesh appeared in a slideshow in the background, his parents Latha and Karthikeyan were inconsolable.\"Vignesh's friends loved him so much. We wish they had taken this oath before he died,\" his father Karthikeyan said. Karthikeyan man now tells everyone he knows not to let their sons drive a car, even if they are 18, till they learn how to drive responsibly.A group Vignesh's friends want to start a fund, SK Trust, to finance the engineering studies of boys from underprivileged backgrounds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13790774", "title": "Rural police plans to carve out a new sub-division", "text": "COIMBATORE: The Coimbatore rural police have planned to carve out a new sub-division covering Sulur, Kovilpalayam, Annur and Karumathampatti police stations. A proposal to this effect has been sent to the state government and the police officials are awaiting government's approval.Coimbatore rural police have four sub-divisions including Periyanaickenpalayam, Perur, Pollachi and Valparai. The Periyanaickenpalayam sub-division has 10 police stations, including Kovilpalayam and Karumathampatti police stations, under its limit. While Perur sub-division has 11 police stations, including Sulur police station, Pollachi sub-division has nine police stations and Valparai sub-division has six police stations and two outpost police stations.According to a source, in the event of major incident occurring under Sulur police limit, Perur deputy superintendent of police has to travel for more than 40km from Perur to Sulur. It would take at least 30 minutes of travelling time for the DSP to reach the crime spot. Similarly, Periyanaickenpalayam DSP has to travel at least 40km to Karumathampatti to reach the incident spot.Periyanaickenpalayam sub-division covers a vast area under Coimbatore rural police limit. Hence, senior police officials decided to create a new sub-division to reduce the response time. An official in the rank of DSP will be posted to the new -sub-division once it is formed.\"We have sent a proposal to the state government to form a new sub-division which will have Sulur, Kovilpalayam, Annur and Karumathampatti police stations under its limit. It would help reduce the response time,\" said E S Uma, superintendent of police, Coimbatore district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13792216", "title": "University of Mysore sees a dip in enrolment of students from abroad", "text": "University of Mysore (UoM), the premier university which ranks among the top universities in India, is known to be a \"global village\". Given its brand value, the varsity has been attracting students from across the country and abroad.But the 96-year-old higher education institution is now facing competition from other international universities in enrolling international students. At present, students from 47 nations are at the varsity, pursuing graduation and PG courses. Some 12% of students from abroad have enrolled for doctoral studies too. Topped by Iran, Chinese students form the second-largest chunk followed by Maldivians.While the students' strength has increased since 2000 with the varsity signing MoUs with institutes outside India, it is now facing competition from other varsities -- both within India and outside. Sample this: in all, 1,413 international students were on the UoM rolls during 2010-11. But the strength decreased to 1,300 during 2011-12. International Studies director Indira R reasoned it to a dip in the students from Maldives. \"There was no university at Maldives sometime ago. Now, they have set up the higher education centre. Therefore, many students from Maldives have not registered for this academic year,\" she explained.The island nation had sent 174 students to the varsity during 2010-11, with 168 of them opting to do various degree courses in Mysore. Majority of the foreign students come here for degree courses. But in recent times, the number of those doing PhDs too has increased. The varsity has 174 foreign students doing doctoral thesis in various P-G departments. Increased exposure, coupled with easy access to universities, is attributed to be the other reasons for the decrease in the number of foreign students. But all is not lost.International students prefer UoM for its reasonable fee structure. \"The city is affordable too. Students from rich countries and those from under-developed countries register here,\" Indira said, adding: \"International students prefer the sixth-oldest university as it offers numerous courses. And one of the best things about UoM is that it has an international centre. It is one of the few universities in the country having such a centre.\"Fayazuddin Ghiasi, president of International Students' Association, agrees. \"Mysore university, being an old institution, has a long history which makes us prefer it,\" he said, adding: \"Back in our countries, people have a positive opinion about the varsity, and the slight decrease in enrolment can be arrested.\"Teachers say international students perform well academically, and many of them get ranks and pass with distinction. Many students, after completing degree courses, go back to their home country, while some stay back for pursing post-graduation here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13790361", "title": "Get healthy, home-made \u2018dabbas\u2019 for your pet dog", "text": "GURGAON: With the mercury soaring, pet dogs in the city are having a tough time. Pet owners complain that their dogs are not eating properly and are getting worried whether they are giving them the right food.For all the anxious pet owners, 23-year-old Rashee Kuchroo, a resident of Sector 57, Gurgaon, has a perfect solution. Armed with a degree in cat and dog nutrition and a pet chef by profession, Rashee provides \"dabbas\" for dogs and all the food items are made by her at home. \"I cook main dishes for dogs as well as small treats which include cakes, muffins and biscuits,\" says Rashee, who runs \"Doggie Dabbas\". She adds, \"The \"dabbas\" are definitely my specialty. Each \"dabba\" contains the whole day's meal for a dog and depending on the owner's choice of protein, they can go for vegetarian dishes, egg meals or chicken meals.\"While rates vary according to the menu, on an average, monthly \"dabbas\" for small dogs cost Rs 3,000, for medium dogs Rs 4,000 and around Rs 10,000 for the big ones.While cooking for pets, Rashee ensures that the dishes are free of sugar, salt or any other preservatives that can prove toxic for dogs. \"I also take note of the dog's health history and find out if they are allergic to something,\" says Rashee.Some of Rashee's most sought after \"dabbas\" include Juju Chicken and Rice, a wholesome meal comprising brown rice, chicken and white gourd, the spinach-based meal, Zorro's Basket, and Make Me Kissable, a minty meal that dogs simply love.Apart from \"dabbas\", she also makes individual items for dogs which include Pupcakes, Doggy Dimsums, Apple Straws, Chicken and Spinach Quiche among others.Talking about her journey to become a pet chef, Rashee says, \"I was living in Mumbai at that time and had three dogs, a Labrador, a Poodle and a Pekinese. While the smaller dogs would eat, the Lab wouldn't eat its meals properly. We switched to package food but that didn't help.It was then that I did a course in cats and dogs nutrition and realized that we were not feeding it right.\" She goes on to add, \"I was always interested in pets and wanted to work around them. So after completing the course, I opened a pets' cafe in Mumbai. When I moved to Gurgaon after marriage, I opened Doggie Dabbas.\"Since she does all the cooking herself, Rashee makes around six to seven \"dabbas\" on a daily basis. \"If someone wants special cakes or muffins for their dogs, they have to order a day in advance. If it's some birthday party for dogs and they need treats in bulk, it's better to tell me at least two-three days in advance,\" says Rashee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "13795783", "title": "Chief minister demands report on Mapusa water woes", "text": "MAPUSA: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar has issued a 15-day deadline to the PWD engineers in Mapusa to check on the water leakages and distribution system in Bardez and submit a detailed report to him.Some locals of several villages in Bardez have alleged that the PWD authorities in Mapusa are involved in a racket of stealing water from the department and selling it to various private hotels and construction sites.Engineers of the PWD water supply from the Mapusa division were criticized by Parrikar during a meeting on Saturday over the complaints of erratic water supply in Bardez. Councillors brought it to the notice of the chief minister that various parts of Mapusa were not getting regular water supply in spite of enough water being available.\"Seven years back Bardez was receiving 56 MLD of water which was more than sufficient. Now, they (PWD) are saying they are releasing 97 MLD of water and still the water supply is irregular which means there are leakages,\" Parrikar said.\"The supervisors and the engineers are unaware of the water problems. They don't know why the scarcity is, how may reservoirs are there and what is the water requirement and where is the scarcity, they must have never gone on the field,\" Parrikar added.Locals from Porvorim, various parts of Mapusa, Guirim, Siolim, Tivim, Assonorra and surrounding areas have complained that they have not received enough water supply this summer season. According to Parrikar there is no water shortages for Bardez. However, its inefficient distribution is causing scarcity.\"Before knowing the problem a solution cannot be provided. I have given them instructions to do a field survey regarding water problems, scarcity, requirements, difficulties and they have to submit a report within 15 days Parrikar said.According to residents of villages in Bardez, water shortage is an artificial scarcity and the problem is due to a racket in the Mapusa PWD in the distribution by the tankers.It is alleged that tankers are filled at the Mapusa tanker filling point, but they eventually are diverted to private hotels and even some tankers are illegally filling and supplying water from the public source to private parties. The recent power cuts due to the pre-monsoon works by the department have triggered more water crises in Bardez.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13808511", "title": "Sharmila Tagore confirms Saif-Kareena wedding date", "text": "The wedding date is confirmed by Saif 's mother Sharmila Tagore. The other details about the wedding of the year have come to light through reliable sources close to both families.Apparently Kareena will continue with her career, just as her gorgeous mother-in-law. Says a source, \"Sharmilaji's best innings as an actress started after marriage. In fact Saif was a baby on the sets when Sharmilaji was doing one of her most celebrated film Aradhana. Kareena intends to follow her mom-in-law's career model. She will do two films a year after marriage. After she completes Madhur Bhandarkar's Heroine she goes straight into Sanjay Leela Bhansali's Ram Leela. \"In fact Kareena has made it clear to the worried Bhansali there will be no wedding break. It's going to be a very quiet wedding for the long-standing Kareena Kapoor-Saif Ali Khan pair. And as confirmed by Saif's mother, the date is October 16.However, according to sources, the wedding to be held at the Pataudis' ancestral home on Pataudi, would be a very quiet affair in the presence of only immediate family members from both sides.Says the source, \"Since it's still so soon after the family patriarch Mansoor Ali Khan Pataudi passed away the entire family agreed to a low-key wedding. Kareena and her folks readily agreed to a closed family-only wedding. However a large reception after the wedding was seen to be imperative, considering both Saif and Kareena have such a vast network of friends in the film industry.\"The venue for the wedding reception is still undecided, though the chances are that the couple would fly down the same day (16 October) after the wedding at Pataudi to Mumbai for the reception.Says the source, \"The details are now being worked out. But the honeymoon won't occur immediately. She has no intentions of letting her career slacken after marriage.\"When contacted Saif's mother Sharmila Tagore confirmed 16 October to be the wedding date. \"Yes, that's the date. Then a reception, though not a very big one.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "satara", "code": "13791245", "title": "Two killed after car falls into canal", "text": "SATARA: Two friends drowned in the Kanher canal of Urmodi dam after the car in which they were travelling fell in it. The incident took place at Sablewadi village on Satara-Medha road on late Saturday night.The Satara police have identified the deceased as Kanishk Sanjay Jagtap (18) of Army colony, Sadar Bazar, Satara and Mayur Sunil Avaghade (23) of Raviwar Peth, Satara. The others, Sushant Sudhir Takekar (22) and Parag Dhananjay Shinde (19) both of Daulatnagar in Satara, travelling in the car managed to escape.The Satara police said that the four were friends and were pursuing their education from Pune. Avaghade, a student of architecture, had recently completed his course and was about to join his first job on Monday. \"To celebrate his success, all the four friends had gone for dinner to a dhaba on the Medha road on Saturday night,\" police said.Police said that post dinner while returning to Satara, Takekar was driving the car. When they came at Sablewadi, Takekar lost control of the wheel and the car fell 25 feet into the canal. \"Takekar and Shinde broke the windscreen and came out of the car. However, Avaghade and Jagtap were trapped inside and drowned,\" Police said.Local people rushed Jagtap and Avaghade to a nearby hospital, where they were declared as brought dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13799196", "title": "Sanju in India U-19 Asia Cup squad", "text": "KOCHI: It was none other than India speedster S Sreesanth who presented Sanju V Samson his maiden Ranji cap against Vidarbha last November. And the young wicketkeeper batsman from Kerala hasn't looked back ever since. On Sunday, Sanju was selected to the Indian under-19 team for the Asia Cup which will be held in Malaysia from June 23.Sanju, hailing from Pulluvila near Thiruvananthapuram , was named in the U-19 probables list in Januray before he signed a one-year contract with Kolkata Knight Riders (KKR) for the fifth edition of Indian Premier League.After becoming the fifth Kerala cricketer to play for India at the U-19 level, Sanju now dreams of playing in the U-19 World Cup to be held in Austalia in August 2012. \"It's great news. I was a bit disappointed at not making it into the U-19 squad during the Australian tour in April. I hope to perform well in the Asia Cup and seal a place in the U-19 World Cup side,\" Sanju told TOI from Thiruvananthapuram.The 17-year old has been a part of KKR's development plans for more than three years but Sanju rates his fifth edition experience as a turning point in his career. \"I was lucky to be a part of the KKR squad. Though I could not play in the season, I never missed a practice session. It helped me to fine tune my batting and wicketkeeping skills,\" Sanju said.Sanju's coach Biju George , who was also the Kerala Ranji team's coach last year, says Sanju will definitely play for the national team in the coming years. \"Sanju is a very disciplined and committed cricketer. Even at practice sessions, he comes out with an aggressive style of cricket and that's what makes him different. During his stint with KKR, Sanju had hit Laxmipathy Balaji for four consecutive boundaries in one of the practice games and the entire team congratulated him. He has great potential and I hope he will utilise his chances well,\" said Biju.Consistent performances with the bat and good work behind the stumps were the key factors that earned him a place in the U-19 team. \"There were two preparatory camps for us at the National Cricket Academy, Bangalore. I scored a century in the first camp and scored 44, 80 and 25 in the three matches played in the final camp. Though I opened the innings in two matches, I love to bat one-down,\" added Sanju.Sanju, who returned home on Sunday, will join the team on 11th June at Chennai.The squad: Unmukt Chand (capt), Akshdeep Nath (vice-captain), Manan Vohra, Akhil A Herwadkar, B Aparajith, Vijay Zol, Smit Patel, Sanju V Samson, Kamal Passi, Mohsin Sayyad, Rush B Kalaria, Harmeet Singh , Vikas Mishra , Sandeep Sharma, Sandeepan Das", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13795423", "title": "Work on D B Marg drains in Panaji underway", "text": "PANAJI: With monsoons round the corner, the PWD is scrambling to complete the longitudinal and cross drains on the busy D B Marg right from Divzam circle to Miramar circle.On August 31 last year, TOI had reported how with just three days of rains, the roads in Campal and Miramar were reduced to tatters. Not only was there water logging, the road surface was torn and the work of cross drains all along the stretch, caused much inconvenience to motorists and pedestrians. The work of the longitudinal drains and also the cross drains that was started then, is still continuing.But PWD executive engineer P B Sheldarkar told TOI that much of the work has been completed. However although the longitudinal drains have been constructed alongside the road, the PWD is now addressing the problem of how bungalow owners can drive their cars over the drain into their homes.Sheldarkar said his engineers have been laying pipes in the drains opposite the entrances of the bungalows so that cars can drive into their garages. Almost 95 metre length of such pipes have been put in and another about 15 metres length remains to be covered with pipes. Individual houses around Miramar-Campal will therefore not have problems that they encountered so far.Campal residents were facing inconvenience because of the open drains with some even complaining that pedestrians had walked right into the drains. Others complained that it was difficult to notice the open drains that one person accidently drove his car into the drain. Residents were wary that with water logging, the drains would be difficult to see and cause more such mishaps.Sheldarkar was however confident that the pipes at the remaining entrances of bungalows that are still open, would be completed within a day or two.Asked if sufficient work had been done to prevent the usual water logging, Sheldarkar was positive that the sufficient number of cross drains had also been completed. He said various cross drains were already completed near the directorate of health services, Samsung showroom, Solmar hotel and at the Miramar circle proper. Also, additional work had been completed to divert the water at the Ganesh temple near Bal Bhavan. All this would ensure that no water logging happens on the D B Marg, Sheldarkar said. Asked what caused the delay in the work, Sheldarkar said the road is very busy and hence it is difficult to carry out work there.With most of the drainage work on the Miramar side nearing completion, PWD is now also looking to address problems on the other side of the D B Marg - from Inox theatre to Diuzam circle. Sheldarkar said that PWD workers are presently also working to remove the water logging problem that occurs near the Dalvi petrol pump.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13793624", "title": "Plus II instant exam on June 22 &amp; 23", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Students who failed in a subject in the Plus II examination this year but have an aggregate of at least 35% can appear in an instant test in the paper concerned on June 22 and June 23.Council of Higher Secondary Education (CHSE) controller of examinations (CoE) Jasobanta Behera said such students can fill up forms in their respective colleges till June 8. The CHSE has fixed a fee of Rs 520 to Rs 1,010 for the re-exam for various subjects.Apart from students of arts, science and commerce streams, this year students of vocational courses will also be eligible for taking the instant examination unlike last year, he said.Around 2,500 students have failed Plus II in single subjects and are eligible for the instant exam. CHSE will conduct the re-examination in 33 centres across the state.While each district will have one centre, Khurda, Cuttack and Sundargarh districts will have two each, Behera said.Practical examinations, if any, will be held on June 25 and June 26. Vocational students will not need to appear the practical, however. All the theory papers are scheduled for June 22, while the two parts of biology (botany and zoology) exam will be held on June 22 and 23.Behera said results will be published within 45 days of the examination. Admission process of students who clear the instant examination in undergraduate courses will be completed within 20 days from the date of publication of their result so that these students do not lag behind those who have already passed this year, the government announced.About 70.7% students cleared the Plus II examination, results of which were published on May 30. Over 2.79 lakh students appeared the examination in 1,065 centres between March 2 and April 2.Students who failed in a subject in the Plus II examination this year but have an aggregate of at least 35% can appear in an instant test in the paper concerned. Such students can fill up forms in their respective colleges till June 8. The CHSE has fixed a fee of Rs 520 to Rs 1,010 for the re-exam", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "13792626", "title": "Payment of 'cheat' contractors put on hold", "text": "LOHARDAGA: The district labour officer (DLO) issued an order of holding back the payments of contractors who have allegedly cheated many labourers.DLO Rajesh Kumar Singh has received at least six complaints of wages being not paid by contractors implementing government schemes in the district. \"Following the growing complaints, I have written to all the development agencies not to clear the payments unless the related muster rolls are verified by block labour officials who have also been informed about the cheating practice by the contractors,\" said Singh.The complaints of cheating money in at least six schemes of digging ponds and constructing roads at several villages including Nadi-Nagra and Basari have reached the DLO. In a complaint, Islam Ansari, worked in a mud road from Devi Mandap to Nadi-Nagra in 2009-10, said his payments for 15 days were not cleared by the contractor despite getting his dues from the department. Sahbuddin Ansari, Puni Oraon, Mangro Oraon and Sukra Oraon were other complainers who were not paid their wages in the same scheme for 10, 07, 17 and 18 days respectively.At least 40 labourers have not been paid their wages in pond-digging scheme of 2010 in Basari village. About 55 labourers were not given their payments for their pond digging work in the same village. Kanhaiya Bandh to Nandini road is another example where contractor has cheated money by not paying their wages.The DLO has written to all executive engineers asking them not to clear the final payments of contractors unless they get the related work muster roll verified by BLOs. Singh has said the deputy commissioner has been informed of this new cheating tradition by contractors in the district.\"I have directed the BLOs to enquire into the complaint cases and submit detailed reports for further action at higher level so that the labourers' grievance could be redressed,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13794193", "title": "Five tips for investing in fixed deposits", "text": "It may be a good time to open a fixed deposit and lock in at high levels before the interest rate cycle turns. Ramya R Iyer lists out the key things you need to know before investing in these fixed income options1 FDs are not entirely safeWhile corporate deposits are unsecured loans that do not guarantee anything to the investor, in case of banks, the Deposit Insurance and Credit Guarantee Corporation insures deposits of up to 1 lakh per customer across all branches of a bank. So, if you have 3 lakh to invest, split it into 3-4 investments across different banks. This will safeguard your money and if you need the amount in an emergency, you won't have to break the entire deposit . You will have to pay the premature withdrawal penalty only for the sum that you need, even as the rest keeps growing.2 Ladder your investmentsWhat about the risk of locking in your money for long periods at low rates? Fixed deposits are prone to uncertainty because interest rates tend to move in multi-year cycles. To avoid this, build a ladder of FDs which have different tenures. If you have 4 lakh to invest, split the amount in four deposits of 1 lakh each for one, two, three and four years. When the 1-year deposit matures , reinvest the maturity proceeds in the 4-year FD. By doing so, the highs and lows in interest rates will balance out over a period of time.3 Premature withdrawals invite a penaltyLocking up money for the long term and then making a premature withdrawal means lower returns. If your bank is offering a 9% interest on a one-year deposit , and 9.5% for a 5-year term, don't be tempted to go for the longer term if you may need the money earlier. If you opt for the 5-year fixed deposit and then break it after one year, you will get the rate applicable to the one-year deposit. Worse, you may be slapped with a premature withdrawal penalty that lowers the rate by 1 percentage point.4 TDS is only an interim taxThe interest earned on FD is fully taxable. If the interest amount exceeds 10,000 in a year, the bank or corporate house will deduct 10.3% tax at source before you get the amount. Your tax liability doesn't end here. If your annual income is over 5 lakh, you will have to pay more tax on this income. Even if the TDS has not been deducted, you should mention the income from fixed deposits and bonds in your tax return. The tax on the interest is levied on an accrual basis.5 FD income will be clubbed with yoursYou cannot avoid tax if you invest in the name of your spouse or children. While you won't have to pay tax on the money given to a spouse or a child, if it is invested, the resulting income is added to the income of the giver and taxed. So, if a husband invests in fixed deposits in the name of his wife, interest earned will be treated as his income. The rules are slightly different for investments in the name of minor children. The earning is treated as the income of the parent who earns more.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "13792515", "title": "Students prefer law over engineering", "text": "BOKARO: At a time when students after completing their intermediate are trying hard to secure a rank in IIT-JEE, there are some who are opting for a course in law and working equally hard to crack Common Law Aptitude Test, popularly known as CLAT in the country.CLAT is conducted by 14 national law universities for admission to undergraduate and postgraduate degree programmes (LLB &amp; LLM). Every year, thousands of students from all over the country take this examination. The result of CLAT announced recently witnessed science students passing with very good ranks. Of them, Gargi Rohi a resident of Sector-IV/C hogged the limelight as she bagged All India Rank 56 in CLAT-2012. Gargi a science student also secured a chance to study in three universities of Singapore, including National University Singapore. But she decided to take up law in the premier National Law University (NLU) in India.Gargi is the elder daughter of Saroj Kumar Tiwari, Public Health (BSL) and Manisha Tiwari, teacher in Delhi Public School (DPS). She is among the few students who were provided scholarship for studying in a top school of Singapore in 2008. She left India in 2008 and cleared her intermediate from St Andrew's School, Singapore this year. \"Earlier I wanted to become an engineer, but studying in Singapore I found that law and medicines have more opportunity and scope of growth when compared to engineering. So I decided to become a lawyer,\" said Gargi.Shaswat Shekhar, son of DGM, BSL, C S Sinha and resident of Sector-IV/C had cracked CLAT last year and secured 281 ranking in the exam. He is now studying in NLU, Bhopal. Shekhar took up law after giving up a course in engineering from IIT-Roorkee. Shekhar an ex-student of DPS is now happy and says that he has taken a wise step as studying law is more beneficial than engineering. Sinha said he was surprised when Shekhar told him about his interest in law while pursuing engineering in IIT-Roorkee. Normally in India, students are more inclined to take up engineering and medical courses. But seeing his interest in CLAT he decided to support his son in his endeavour.Richa Vats, a science student of DPS has passed CLAT-2012. She has also decided to take admission in NLU over any engineering college.Principal of Chinmaya Vidyalaya, A K Singh said many students of Bokaro have appeared for CLAT-2012 this year. Students are taking up CLAT as seriously as IIT-JEE.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "milagrow's tabtop has a 7-inch capacitive display with a 4", "code": "13805360", "title": "Meet Milagrow's Android 4.0-based TabTop", "text": "Milagrow's TabTop has a 7-inch capacitive display with a 4:3 aspect ratio and claims to be India's slimmest 7-inch tablet(6.5 mm). As far as specs go, it has a 1.2Ghz processor, 512MB RAM and 4GB or 16GB internal memory (expandable via microSD).Android 4.0 is the operating system of choice and it comes with over 50 pre-loaded applications.Milagrow promises that they will provide regular software updates for the TabTop. For ports, it has a miniUSB host port, HDMI (with claimed 2160p super quad HD capability) and SD card slot. The 4000mAh should be good for about five hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "13810115", "title": "China cautions its citizens against travelling to India", "text": "BEIJING: In what is seen as a tit-for-tat move, China has cautioned its citizens against travelling to India following protests over the increase in petroleum prices, after New Delhi issued advisories warning its traders against doing business in the Chinese commodity hub of Yiwu.An advisory has been posted on the Chinese Foreign Ministry website as well as Chinese Embassy in New Delhi dated June 1 which warned about travel disruptions due to protests.\"According to Indian media reports, many places in India are witnessing protests and strikes due to the recent hike in oil prices. Railways and highway transport have either come to a halt due to strikes or have been impacted to different degrees,\" the advisory said.\"Some shops have closed. Presently, impacted areas include: Delhi, Bangalore, Mumbai, Patna in Bihar, Allahabad and Varanasi in UP, West Bengal, Himachal Pradesh, Orissa etc,\" it said.\"The Chinese Embassy in India would like to alert the Chinese citizens about this and request them to confirm their itinerary with related agencies to avoid delays.\"At the same time, during this period, they should be careful about personal safety and safeguard their personal belongings,\" it said.The travel advisory came as a surprise to Indian officials here as it was very rare for China to put out such advisories against India in the past on Chinese Foreign Ministry's website.It came ahead of tomorrow's visit of External Affairs Minister S M Krishna to take part on the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation (SCO) summit scheduled to be held here on June 6 and 7.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13788138", "title": "Viswanathan Anand wants to win next world title at home", "text": "CHENNAI: Tehran, Mexico, Bonn, Sofia and now Moscow . Viswanathan Anand's World chess titles have all come abroad and it is strange that an Indian city does not figure among them. The Indian mind champion has played all over the world and won all the elite tournaments in the game, but he has not played in India in the last eight years.India made a strong bid for this year's World Championship and lost it to Russia. The World body (FIDE) then consoled the All India Chess Federation by offering it the next championship, possibly in 2014, which now becomes significant as Anand has defended his title and finally he could get to play a title match at home.Though the general perception is that playing at home would be advantageous, Anand would think twice before buying that idea. He knows the intricacies of playing at home too and is on the defensive when he talks of the advantages and disadvantages.Anand first played a Candidates tournament match in Chennai in 1991 when the pressure on him was not huge and he easily defeated Alexei Dreev of Russia to progress to the next round.By the time, he came back for his next Fide World Championship Candidates match, in Sanghinagar, Hyderabad, in 1994, he was already being thought of as a challenger to Garry Kasparov and Anatoly Karpov and so naturally he could not avoid the media attention.However, what followed was a nightmare. Anand took a convincing lead against Gata Kamsky of US and needed only a draw in the penultimate round to progress to the quarterfinals, which were also to be held in Sanghinagar the next year. The sponsor was too excited to have won the bid for the quarterfinals as Anand was sitting pretty in the match. He hosted a party on a rest day in which Anand participated, but the match was not over yet.Kamsky took the match into the tiebreakers and won it too to hand an unforgettable lesson to Anand, who beat the same opponent in the rival cycle a few months later in Las Palmas.\"Playing in India can be a big challenge,\" admitted the World Champion. \"When the Chennai bid came up, I was thinking about the implications. When you are playing in front of your supporters and family, the demands are also greater.\"But you need to find a balance, to shut yourself away from the rest of the world and get into such a frame of mind,\" explained Anand, who had played the major portion of his 2000 championship in New Delhi before moving to Tehran for the final.He won the World Cup later in Hyderabad four years later.Anand was not sure whether the Indian bid was still on. However, World Chess Federation vice-president DV Sundar was confident that the 2014 WCC match would be held in India. \"We have to re-confirm the Indian bid within July to Fide,\" the world champion said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13793233", "title": "High security in Puri for Debasnan Purnima", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Security has been tightened in Puri's Jagannath temple for the smooth conduct of the bathing of the sibling during Debasnan Purnima on Monday. This is a major festival at the 12th century shrine prior to Rath Yatra, scheduled for June 21.Anticipating a huge crowd, around 40 platoons of police have been mobilized to maintain law and order and regulate traffic during the annual festival. Besides, 500 home guards, 200 officers, 14 DSPs, 28 inspectors and three commandants would stay guard in and around the temple, sources said.Armed cops would be pressed into service at strategic rooftops around the shrine, which is among the high risk category temples in the country. \"Cops in plain clothes would also be deployed to keep an eye on suspicious characters,\" said Puri SP Anul Kumar Sahoo. Police has also organized parking lots to avoid traffic snarl on Grand Road.The presiding sibling deities Lord Jagannath, Balabhadra and Devi Subhadra would be escorted from the sanctum sanctorum to the Snan Bedi (bathing altar) amid a boisterous procession on Debasnan Purnima. The deities would be given a grand bath with water of Suna kua in the temple. After a set of traditional rituals, the deities would be bedecked with attires resembling elephants.Devotees can get a close darshan (Sahanmela) of the deities clad in elephant robes from 6 pm to 9.30 pm on the elevated altar, said temple's PRO Laxmidhar Pujapanda. Late in the night, the deities would be shifted to a solitary place, called anasar ghara (sick room), in the temple. The deities would then be made to recline on a bed for 15 days, as they are supposed to be suffering from fever after the grand bath. The Lord would remain out of bounds for devotees during the fortnight. They will reappear on May 19, two days before Rath Yatra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "haldia", "code": "13788598", "title": "\u2018Silent terror\u2019 claim in Haldia, Panskura", "text": "HALDIA: There was hardly any CPM camp even in the ward of Tamalika Panda Seth, wife of arrested Haldia strongman Lakshman Seth. Tamalika is the present chairperson of the municipality.Sunday's scene reflected the political scenario of this East Midnapore township. The civic polls remained mostly peaceful in Haldia and Panskura. The Left Front and Congress however, alleged about the \" silent terror\" of Trinamool Congress.In Haldia, this is the battle for survival for the Left parties. Days after the CPM leadership claimed they would be coming back, there was little evidence of any fighting spirit in the red camp.After the polls, while the Trinamool Congress leaders congratulated the voters for a peaceful and fair election, the CPM cried foul. \"Criminals backed by Trinamool roamed freely near the booths. In several areas, they threatened our voters, agents and supporters,\" alleged Tamalika. She is contesting from Ward 13.Everything was peaceful till around 9am, when trouble broke out at Ramgopal Chawk Primary School booth of Ward 18. CPM supporters alleged that a gang of bike-borne Trinamool activists arrived near the booth and threatened CPM supporters standing in the queue. \"Our supporters protested and that led to a commotion,\" said a CPM leader who alleged that police lathicharged their supporters. No untoward incident was reported from anywhere else, but CPM said that polling was neither free nor fair.Congress leaders too echoed the view - both in Panskura and Haldia. \"In Panskura, especially at Wards 17 and 4, Trinamool activists terrorized our voters and prevented them from voting. Despite lodging complaints with police and poll officials, no action was taken,\" said Congress leader Urbashi Bhattacharya.PCC chief Pradip Bhattacharya took up the matter with the state election commission. The district administration, however, claimed that polls were peaceful in both the places. The turnout was as high as 83% and 87% respectively at Panskura and Haldia.The CPM leaders in Haldia, however, have little expectations from this \"peaceful\" election. There are 26 seats in Haldia and 17 seats in Panskura from where the battle is being fought.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13807064", "title": "Will Divya Spandana break her promise?", "text": "Not long ago, we had Divya Spandana making a resolution that she will no more be a part of remake movies, but is likely to break it now.It has been heard from the closer sources that the actress will be playing female lead role opposite Darshan in remake of Telugu movie Darling that featured Ram Charan Teja and Genelia D' Souza in lead roles.When approached Divya Spandana, the actress said that she is yet to decide on the project, but is keen on working with Darshan as their previous release together was somewhere before 6 years.Source: starview.in", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "13793978", "title": "Man done to death by colleague over petty quarrel", "text": "TRICHY: A hotel employee was killed by his colleague over a petty quarrel of watching different television channels in Thuvakudi, Trichy. However, the police managed to catch the accused person in the evening here on Sunday.Periyasamy (60) from Vaalikandapuram, Perambalur and Sanjeevi (38) from Woraiyur, Trichy were working as cooks in a hotel in Ayyampatti Road in Thuvakudi. The hotel is run by one R Chithiravel.As usual, both the cooks stayed at the hotel on Saturday night after their work. On Sunday morning, Chithiravel received information that Periyasamy was lying unconscious in a pool of blood at the hotel. He immediately rushed to the spot and found him bleeding from the head and admitted him to a private hospital in Thiruverumbur. Later, he was taken to the Annal Gandhi government memorial hospital. Unfortunately, he was declared brought dead at the hospital.On information, Thuvakudi police inspector Madhan and other policemen rushed to the spot and sent the body for postmortem to the government hospital.Acting on a tip-off, the police secured Sanjeevi, who was suspected to have murdered Periyasamy from a house in Woraiyur. Initial investigation revealed that both of them had been quarrelling with each other over watching TV channels. During the fight, Sanjeevi attacked him on his head with a wooden log. In the impact, Periyasamy collapsed and fell unconscious. Sensing trouble and that the police would apprehend him, Sanjeevi fled the scene.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13789857", "title": "Cops not doing their bit in protecting child rights", "text": "HYDERABAD: Police have an important role to play in protection of child rights in the state, at least going by the provisions of Juvenile Justice Act (JJ Act). As per the Act, apart from Special Juvenile Police Units (SJPU) which are to be created at the district level, a Child Welfare Officer (CWO) has to be deputed at every police station to deal with minors who are in conflict with law or those in need of care and protection.These provisions, however, seem to be only on paper. For instance, a survey by TOI revealed that not a single police station in the South Zone had any officer playing the role of a CWO.While cops in police stations like Nampally, Kacheguda, Moghalpura, Falaknuma, were clueless on the very existence of a CWO post, the inspector at Chandrayangutta said that such an officer was appointed but was recently promoted and so the post was lying vacant. The inspector at Chatrinaka simply said he was aware of \"a proposal to create such a post.\" However, the JJ Act clearly states that the inspector of a police station by default assumes the charge of a CWO. This reflects how uninformed the force is of this crucial law to protect child rights.Explaining the role and purpose of CWOs, director of Juvenile Justice Board Kismat Kumar, said, \"A CWO is supposed to guide a child rescued or remanded by the police from the moment he or she is taken into custody, through the court proceedings till the final judgment is passed. All designated CWOs are provided with training and orientation to safeguard the rights of children as envisaged in the JJ Act.\" But when informed that there was no awareness about CWOs in police stations, he was unwilling to comment further.Phillip Issidore, child activist and chairperson, Child Welfare Committee, Hyderabad, said,\"The police are supposed to refer a rescued child to us and we take up the case from there. But in the last one and a half years, there hasn't been a single referral through police. The only referrals we get are through NGOs like Child Line which in turn get references from Government Railway Police, that being the only police department even trying to address the issue.\"The situation is similar across the state. Magistrate Durga Prasad who is chairperson of Juvenile Justice Board said, \"The role of police in the state is not in accordance to the JJ Act. Child labour cases are rarely taken up by the cops. They take up only criminal cases and instead of providing protection to the children, they often illegally detain and torture them. Hardly 20% of the cops across the state function as per their duty when it comes to juvenile justice.\"A regular visitor at the children home at Saidabad, Durga Prasad cites a particular case where a child was brutally tortured with his hands hung from the window at a police station for 22 days. Only after a child rights activist got a whiff of the matter did the police produce him in court and before doing so threatened him with 'dire consequences' if he spoke anything about the torture to the judge.He added that in violation of the JJ Act, police purposefully do not create any awareness about free legal aid which any remanded child can lawfully avail. \"Instead they have a nexus with practicing lawyers whom they force upon the child and charge huge amount of money for the same,\" he said.Responding to these allegations, IG, CID, Umapati said, \"Any person assuming charge as a SHO of a police station automatically becomes a CWO. A rescued child is forwarded to Issidore Phillip and if a child is remanded, juvenile crime bureau takes charge.\" Speaking about legal aid, he denied any nexus between the cops and the lawyers and assured that all children receive free legal service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13790400", "title": "Anna fans come together in Jaipur", "text": "JAIPUR: Several supporters of Anna Hazare and Baba Ramdev came together to support their crusade against corruption on Sunday at Udyog Maidan. A huge crowd gathered at the spot where Anna supporters in kurta-pajama and Anna cap were seen discussing and keeping a tab on what the anti-corruption crusader was saying in Delhi. Various speakers including retired government officials, ex-servicemen and others while addressing the supporters said that people of the country will continue to fight against corruption and will support Anna and his team.\"We can't sit idle and witness whatever the government, politicians and MP do to us. We need to be united against the corruption,\" said one of the speakers. A large number of Anna supporters from all age groups had collected since morning and showed their solidarity with Anna Hazare.\"We have gathered here to ask the Union government to do something to bring back the black money to India,\" said Suraj Soni, an activist at the venue. In a meeting, members of India Against Corruption (IAC) also decided on their further course of action.To encourage the gathering of around 1,000 people during the rally, a music band played patriotic songs throughout the day. Later in the evening, some of Anna supporters who were on a fast broke their hunger strike and asked people to support Anna Hazare to eradicate corruption from the society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13788928", "title": "Collegian drowns in Vihar lake, body washes ashore", "text": "MUMBAI: The body of a 19-year-old college student who drowned while diving into Vihar lake at Bhandup Complex was washed ashore on Saturday afternoon. Mihir Murali from Bhandup and his two friends had gone for a swim in the lake on Friday when the mishap occurred, said the police.The lake, situated close to Mulund, Thane and Bhandup, is surrounded by hills. Mihir's friends told the police that though the lake was located in a restricted zone, they entered the area by crawling through a drain that started from Bhandup. \"The youngsters reached the lake area around 3pm on Friday. Around 5pm, they decided to go for a swim and dived into the water and that led to the drowning,\" said assistant commissioner of police (Mulund) Mahadev Gundewadi. Mihir's friends told the police that as soon as he dived, his legs got stuck in the mud.\"The two friends managed to swim back but they could not save Mihir,\" said Mulund police senior inspector Jivajirao Jadhav. He added that after the police were informed about the mishap, the personnel searched the lake the entire night, but to no avail. Only the next day, the body was washed ashore, he added.A second-year commerce student, Mihir was an only child. His lawyer father, Muralidharan, is yet to learn what had exactly happened. All that he could offer was: \"Mihir was our only child. I don't now what happened on Saturday. The police would know better.\"According to Jadhav, this was the ninth such incident this year, when people entered the prohibited zone and lost their lives in the lake. \"Trespassers enter the lake area through hills in neighbouring Bhandup and Thane, sneaking past guards who man the water purification plant at Bhandup Complex,\" he said, adding that the civic body should instal a closed-circuit television (CCTV) near the lake, which would help the guards keep a tab on trespassers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13810933", "title": "Happy birthday, SP Balasubramaniam !", "text": "Guess it's the season of birthdays! Barely a couple of days ago, Kollywood celebrated the birthdays of Ilaiyaraaja and Mani Ratnam , the two legends of Tamil cinema. And today is the birthday of SP Balasubramaniam (fondly called SPB) who has sung for many music composers in the industry.Several film personalities wished the ace singer through Twitter and Facebook and S P Charan - the son of the legendary singer - has promised online that he'd convey all the wishes to his father.Despite the entry of many singers in the circuit, SPB remains a big draw and people across the globe adore his voice. Here's wishing him many more successful ventures in the road ahead!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "rayachoti(kadapa)", "code": "13812314", "title": "Jaganmohan Reddy, TDP supporters clash, one injured", "text": "RAYACHOTI(KADAPA): One person was injured when supporters of TDP and YSR Congress clashed here on Monday afternoon.According to police, both YSR Congress candidate from Rayachoti assembly seat Srikanth Reddy and TDP candidate Balasubramanyam were campaigning in the same area for the bypolls scheduled to be held on June 12. And despite the best efforts of the police to keep them separate, both the groups came face to face.The rival slogan shouting was then followed by stone pelting in which one TDP worker was injured. At that juncture, the security personnel accompanying Srikanth Reddy fired in the air even as the police managed to separate the clashing groups. Both the leaders lodged complaints against one another in the Rayachoti police station. The area was still tense and additional security personnel rushed to prevent any more disturbances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13790504", "title": "Legislator withdraws corruption charges against Mahendrajeet Singh Malviya", "text": "JAIPUR: Chief minister Ashok Gehlot and PCC chief Chandrabhan were forced to intervene on Sunday and make attempts to appease the legislators agitated by the transfer of government employees. Angered over the alleged irregularities in transfers, the legislators had created a ruckus at panchayati raj minister Mahendrajeet Singh Malviya's residence on Saturday night, leveling charges of corruption against the minister.A day after he had reportedly alleged corruption in the transfers in the panchayati department, Deedwana legislator Rupa Ram Dudi wrote a letter to the chief minister, withdrawing the charges. In his letter, Dudi said that the legislators were trying to contact Malviya for the past three days but had failed to get a response. \"The officials of the department also failed to give a satisfactory response. We had gone to the minister's house on Saturday evening to discuss the certain transfers made but there was no mention of any corrupt practice,'' Dudi explained in the letter. Dudi's mobile remained switched off and he could not be contacted.Meanwhile, local Congressmen from Banswara including district party president Chandmal have written a letter to chief minister and AICC president Sonia Gandhi demanding action against Dudi. The party members from the district have alleged that Dudi had deliberately tried to malign Malviya's image.According to sources, Gehlot and Chandrabhan both talked to the agitating legislators including Dudi and Gajendra Singh Shaktawat, who had already sought their intervention in the matter. The two senior leaders voiced their displeasure over the disgruntled legislators' display of displeasure at Malviya's residence on Saturday night and also over talking to the media about the issue.\"I talked to the chief minister on Sunday and told him about the grievances. In some cases, transfer lists have not been prepared in accordance with the local MLAs and party office-bearers. The chief minister has assured us that it would be looked into,'' said Shaktawat, parliamentary secretary and Vallabhnagar (Udaipur) legislator.Malviya, who could not be contacted despite several attempts, also talked to the legislators over the phone. Sources claimed that the minister has assured them that if the state government lifts the ban on transfers again, changes would be considered.However, the recent transfers have stirred a hornet's nest for the ruling party as the grievances of the legislators and office-bearers are increasing with passing day. Another group of Congress legislators on Sunday also were upset over their requests not being considered and plan to discuss the matter with the chief minister. Civil Lines legislator Pratap Singh Khachariyawas said that several irregularities in the transfer lists of medial and education department have surfaced. \"We will urge the chief minister to take measures to rectify the lists,'' said Khachariyawas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13793630", "title": "Jeewaswaraa state gets new-age anthem", "text": "The mesmerizing voice of playback singing, SP Balasubramanyam aka SPB, crooned 'Abhimaana , vishesha abhimaana, Namma naadendare, namage praana...' with gusto. He joined filmmaker Maya Chandra's efforts to give Karnataka its new-age anthem, 'Kannada Jeewaswaraa' , an initiative commissioned by the state's information department.\"After the popularity of 'Mile sur mera tumhara' , we wanted to create a similar concept to highlight the art, culture and traditions of Karnataka. We turned to Maya, and what she has produced has turned out to be very appealing,\" said Bevinamarada KS, director, information department.Maya, who conceptualized the video and co-directed it, said: \"Our existing anthem, Kuvempu's 'Jaya Bharatha Jananiya Tanujathe' , is a great literary work. We wanted to complement it with music that will create a sense of belonging among the young, cosmopolitan population of Karnataka. When I approached Jayant Kaikini, he came out with astounding lyrics. The song makes us feel proud of our state.\"Kaikini agreed that his lyrics are in sync with today's Karnataka. \"They are in tune with the fact that Karnataka is an open environment - not limiting and all-inclusive . It talks of 'janapada' Kannada , 'navayuga' Kannada, 'mahileya aathmasaakshi ' Kannada. The key line is of course 'Namma vachana bahu vachana' - plurality is our main character,\" he said.Adding lustre to this inclusiveness is a team of musicians and singers of diverse sensibilities. \"I roped in Abhijit Shylanath, an upcoming and talented music director, to set 'Jeewasawaraa' to tune. He, in turn, worked with musicians like Fayaz Khan, Vijayprakash of 'Jai Ho' fame, Ajay Warrier, B Jayashree, Bruce Lee Mani, Prakash Sontakke and MD Pallavi. We've been in talks with L Subramaniam , Kavitha Subramaniam and SPB to join in the melody. We were thrilled when SPB agreed to be part of the anthem,\" said Maya. \"I liked the spirit of the lyrics; it isn't limited to a region. So putting it to tune came naturally and along the way, musicians brought to the table their own style,\" said Shylanath.Ajay Kumar , co-director of the video, underlined 'Jeewaswaraa' with the energy of Karnataka's unexplored precincts and heady mix of cultures. \"Maya and I worked with the understanding that Karnataka is not just about Kannada - there's Marathi, Tamil, Malayalam and a host of other languages. Keeping in sync with the rhythm, we worked with common people, upcoming artistes and musicians of repute to add flavour to 'Jeewaswaraa' ,\" he said.Official anthemKarnataka's official anthem is 'Jaya Bharatiya Jananiya Tanujathe' , penned by Kuvempu. It was officially adapted as the state anthem in 2004 and popularized by Sugama Sangeeta exponents like Mysore Ananthaswamy and C Ashwath.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13794393", "title": "Madhya Pradesh board Class X result to declare today", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh Board of Secondary Education (MPBSE) Class X result would be declared on June 4 (Monday). State education minister would release the results in presence of chairman and secretary of the board in contrast to the class XII board results when she had decided to give it a miss.Board PRO SK Chourasia said, \"The results would be declared at 5 pm at Vigyan Bhavan on the Board Office premises. Students can see results online at the MPBSE website.\"Students can receive view their results online. They can also see it on their cell phones and also on interactive voice response system (IVRS) by dialing designated numbers for different mobile operators.More than nine lakh students across the state would get their result on Monday. Around 31,000 students have appeared for the class X board exams from the state capital and around 1,53,000 students from the Bhopal division would receive their class X results.Access to resultWebsites: www.mpbse.nic.in, www.mp.gov.in, www.mpresults.nic.in, www.mponline.gov.in, www.mpeducation.net, www.indiaresults.com, www.exametc.com, www.examresults.net, www.rediff.com/examsSMS: MP10space send to 57333, 56969, 5676750, 56300, 5782728, 55077, 5333300, 58888, 58000, 5800000, 56767999 (all mobile operators)IVRS:BSNL-122550, 1225596, 56263Airtel- 543212222, 56263Vodafone- 56731Idea- 5545678Tata GSM/Docomo- 54321234Reliance- 56566Others- 505101096", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13795470", "title": "Movement of trains affected", "text": "LUCKNOW: Movement of trains on Lucknow-Moradabad route got affected after the engine of train number 14203 hit a truck which had fallen on the track, at Kakori. The truck had fallen on the track, a few minutes before the train reached the spot. The officers said the truck was on the periphery of the track, when the engine of the train hit the truck and got derailed. The incident happened at around 1.30 a.m.The incident affected the movement of trains on the route including Guwahati Rajdhani, Faizabad-Delhi Express, Bagh Express and New Delhi-New Jalpaiguri Express. The train were diverted via Kanpur and Sitapur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13792775", "title": "4 held for looting former bandit Seema Parihar", "text": "KANPUR: Miscreants looted cash and other valuables worth Rs 3 lakh from former bandit Seema Parihar and a Mumbai-based film producer proceeding to Lucknow in a four-wheeler on May 23. The incident took place at Shivpuri village near Kalpi on Kanpur-Mumbai highway. Bhognipur Kotwali police have arrested four persons in this connection with the incident.Separate police teams fanned out in search of the miscreants after the matter was brought to the knowledge of senior police authorities in Lucknow.Police said the Parihar and Mumbai-based film producer Vijay Saxena were going to the Lucknow from Shivpuri, when a truck coming from behind hit their vehicle. The former bandit and film producer managed to nab the truck driver and asked him to compensate the damage done to their vehicle. The truck driver agreed to their demand and asked them to give him a lift in the four-wheeler to reach an auto-repairing shop near Bhognipur. The four-wheeler was intercepted midway by the family members of the truck driver, who threatened Parihar and Vijay Saxena and snatched cash worth Rs 2.5 lakh and other valuables, including a laptop from them.Inspector Kotwali, Tejveer Singh said that four persons, including truck owner Shehzad, a resident of Sikandara in Ramabai Nagar district and Shafiq Ahmed of Kalpi have been detained in this connection.It may be recalled that Seema Parihar was kidnapped by dacoits at the age of 13. She struck fear among people in the ravines of Chambal.Parihar looted, murdered and abducted people until 2000, when she surrendered.She had a stint with Bollywood and acted in a film title 'Wounded' and also featured in Big Boss season 4.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13808011", "title": "Nagarjuna\u2019s \u201cShirdi Sai\u201d release in September", "text": "'King' Akkineni Nagarjuna's forthcoming devotional flick \"Shiridi Sai\" is expected to release in September according to the sources. The film, which is based on the life history of Lord Sai Baba, has wrapped up major part of its shooting for the talkie part and is left with couple of songs. Recently, \"Shiridi Sai\" shooting was held in Annapurna 7 acres and Ramoji Film City in Hyderabad where scenes on Nagarjuna and other cast were filmed. Meanwhile the makers of the film are planning for September release while the audio is expected to be launched on June 25.MM Keeravani has composed music for the film and the buzz is that the tunes have come out superbly. Shiridi Sai is the third movie in this genre in the combination of Nagarjuna and director K. Raghavendra Rao after super hit films like \"Annamaya\" and \"Sri Ramadasu\". Mahesh Reddy is producing this movie under Sai Krupa Entertainments banner. Bhaktha Suresh Kumar is providing the story and Paruchuri Brothers are penning dialogues for this film. S Gopal Reddy is the cameraman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13789670", "title": "Haryana Urban Development Authority rushes to finish works", "text": "GURGAON: With monsoon around the corner, the Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) seems to have planned the pre-monsoon works well before time to ensure the city does not get inundated, as it does even after a little rainfall every year.Unlike the previous years, HUDA is using a new technology to repair the city roads, and the work is expected to be over before the monsoon. The authority's officials claimed that serious efforts were being made to repair the roads before the onset of the monsoon.According to HUDA administrator Praveen Kumar, several parts of Gurgaon including Sohna road and Hero Honda Chowk used to get flooded every time it rained. However, the Badshahpur drain has been cleaned and the problem resolved for the time-being.\"The work is on at a fast pace and would be completed before the onset of the monsoon. The road work, planned in parts, would be completed soon,\" said Kumar.HUDA also has plans to install more than 500 water-harvesting units in the next 21 days, spending almost Rs 5 crore. The officials have identified the sites and the units will be installed at various locations.\"The desilting of drains is already going on in different areas. I would also ensure that the drainage systems are cleaned and the sewage lines are clear,\" added Kumar.On the other hand, some of the private developers are way ahead of schedule and have already completed the desilting of storm-water drains and cleaning of manholes. The privately-developed areas are still apprehensive because their efforts will go waste if the main trunk lines are not cleaned on time. The private developers are responsible for cleaning the internal pipelines but the master drains are cleaned by HUDA. Private colonies have already completed the desilting of drains within the colony and the work for cleaning the rain-water harvesting pits is going, and is expected to be completed in a few weeks.Baljeet Singh, a senior DLF estate management official, said the deadlines are set in accordance with the monsoon. He said that the pre-monsoon works started in April. \"If in any situation monsoon arrives early, we will increase the work force and complete the work well in time. Moreover, HUDA must get the main drain along the NH8 cleaned, without which cleaning only the internal drains makes no sense,\" said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13792553", "title": "Goods worth lakhs gutted in Lucknow", "text": "LUCKNOW: Goods worth lakhs of rupees were gutted in a fire that broke out in a godown near Vasundhara Complex in Indira Nagar early morning on Sunday. Reports said thick clouds of smoke were seen emanating from the basement of the complex around 9.00 am. Once the police fire services were informed, as many as five fire tenders were pressed into action to douse the flames. It took the fire fighters around two hours to contain the situation and extinguish the flames. The exact cause of fire could not be known , short circuit is suspected to be the cause of fire.The premises where the fire occurred serves as a godown for a retail chain and an electronic goods giant specialising in gadgets for domestic use. A case was registered with the Ghazipur police in this connection .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13788723", "title": "Winds of change blowing as transfer fever grips cops", "text": "NAGPUR: The city police, despite their strenuous engagements, are in the grip of the transfer fever as the home department's delay in releasing the list of the senior officials in statewide reshuffle added to the uncertainty. The edgy mood of senior officials was echoed by an IPS officer.\"The transfers of senior police officers have been completed even in the states like Rajasthan and Bihar as well as in states down south. What is happening in Maharashtra is baffling,\" he said.He added that usually transfers are scheduled so as to allow an officer adequate time to get children admitted to schools and colleges and shift his family.After the release of the list of the senior police inspectors and assistant commissioners of police, it was expected that the transfer orders for superintendents and deputy commissioners would follow but there is still no sign of it even after a week has elapsed.Among the probable officials expected to move out of the city police is additional commissioner of police Anup Kumar Singh who is slated for promotion as inspector general of police. Singh is at present handling the charges of south region and administration.Additional CP, crime, Ravindra Kadam, is too set for a transfer out of city police. He is now holding the additional charges of DIG Naxal range along with that of the chief of state Anti-Naxal Operation cell.The additional charges are likely to become Kadam's full-time occupation. Deputy commissioner of police, Zone-II, Ambadas Pote is also among the top contenders, it is learnt, to return to Mumbai from where he was posted here. Another DCP Nishith Mishra, who had stayed back cancelling his transfer to Mumbai last year, may find his name in the transfer list.Addl CP Suresh Mekala, now posted in Pune, may return to city after a gap of three years. Mekala had served as DCP zone-I here. There are also rumours of IG BK Upadhyay, now in state police headquarters, returning to city.The speculation is also high about city police chief. With a section believing that the incumbent Ankush Dhanvijay is likely to be shifted, sources in the department claimed that it is unlikely that the government would budge the man slated to retire on November 30.Addl DGP KK Pathak's name is doing the rounds as the next city chief but Dhanvijay has always found state home minister RR Patil a good supporter in the time of crisis. With Patil's patronage, Dhanvijay is set to remain till he retires.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "13790434", "title": "Rajasthan University of Veterinary &amp; Animal Science to prepare database on camel diseases", "text": "JODHPUR: The state government has given a go-ahead to a project of Rajasthan University of Veterinary &amp; Animal Science (RAJUVAS), Bikaner, to prepare a database of the occurrence of various diseases in camels. For the first time an initiative has been taken to look into the causes of diseases in camels, called the ship of the desert.This is being done not only in view of the dwindling camel population and but also to sustain the camel-based economy in the state.Vice-Chancellor of the university A K Gehlot said despite dearth of information regarding the incidence and pathology of various diseases in camel, no systematic documentation has ever been carried out on any level whether in India or abroad. \"Considering the role of the camel, specially in the desert state, it is the need of the day to generate systematic information, which could be used as reference for diagnosis of camel diseases in future as available for other species of domestic animals\", Gehlot said.The camel (Camelus Dromedarius) is an important livestock species, uniquely adapted to hot and arid environment. India has a camel population of about 5 lakh, out of which 3.5 lakh is in Rajasthan, which has a dry land ecosystem. \"Camel rearing is regarded as a staple resource of sustenance here. It is a common belief that camel suffers from only a few diseases, but the fact is that too little is known about the diseases, the camel suffers,\" said Gehlot.Except for sporadic attempts, that camel has been a neglected species as far as scientific information is concerned.Describing the project worth Rs 2.5 crore, Gehlot said, \"First of all tissue samples of various organs of diseased camel will be collected from various districts of arid and semi-arid region of Rajasthan for histo-pathology and histo-chemistry. \"The tissue sections will be prepared for histopathological and histochemical examinations by using different staining procedures. Finally, a document on disease prevalence will be prepared to develop reference for the identification of camel diseases prevalent in study area for their use in diagnosis and development of line of treatment.\"The outcome of this study will pave the way for not only identification of the diseases in camels but also for their proper treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "13789034", "title": "2 Shiv Sena members join Nationalist Congress Party", "text": "Bhandara: Though two Shiv Sena members joined NCP, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) led body in Bhandara zilla parishad is stable and will complete its full term of five years as independents have stood in support of the present incumbent, said Vasant Enchilwar, ZP president.Last week, ZP vice-president Deepak Gajbhiye and Mrs Titarmare joined NCP in the presence of Union minister Praful Patel. BJP and Shiv Sena, with 27 members, have an alliance in the 52-member house. There are two factions in Sena, one led by MLA Narendra Bhondekar and another by Naresh Dahare, ex-district chief. Two ZP members are followers of Dahare. Reports said that the two members approached NCP on their own and joined. However, their shifting would not destabilize the ruling coalition, sources said.Enchilwar said NCP would not succeed in its plan to destabilize the present ZP body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13794429", "title": "Chidambaram to reach Bhopal on June 5, may skip Carbide plant visit", "text": "BHOPAL: Union home minister P Chidambaram, who is heading a Group of Ministers (GOM) on Bhopal gas tragedy, is scheduled to visit the city on June 5 - the world environment day - but is unlikely to visit the Union Carbide's pesticide plant from where the toxic gas leaked , killing thousands of people and maiming lakhs in December 1984.Union minister for law and minority affairs Salman Kurshid and minister of state V Narayanswamy, the other two members of the GOM, are also likely to accompany the home minister, who is scheduled to visit Bhopal Memorial Hospital and Research centre (BMHRC) on his maiden trip to the state capital after becoming the chairman of GoM on Bhopal gas tragedy two years ago.\"There are many issues, which need to be taken up with the minister. NGOs working for the gas victims have sought an audience with Chidambaram to apprise him of the ground realities,\" activist Abdul Jabbar said. \"Chidambaram has never met anyone from Bhopal who are working among the gas victims,\" said another activist, Rachana Dhingra.The Union home minister's visit to Bhopal is scheduled at a time when the Supreme Court has pulled up the government for not being serious about cleaning up the toxic waste lying around for the past 28 years on the premises of the defunct Union Carbide plant here. The state government would also update the home minister with the proposal by GIZ International, a German firm, which has come forward to airlift the toxic waste to that country for safe disposal. GIZ is scheduled to give a presentation to the state government on Monday afternoon in this regard.NGOs are also raising the health issues plaguing the gas victims even after the BMHRC was taken over by Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) in January, pointing out that much needs to be done to strengthen patient care at the hospital set up to take care the gas victims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "mandya", "code": "13794381", "title": "Threat to woman panchayat officer", "text": "MANDYA: A top woman officer in a taluk panchayat in the district faced threats and verbal abuse for daring to carry out a khata transfer that aggrieved a panchayat member. Pandavapura taluk panchayat chief executive officer Sumati has lodged a complaint with police that panchayat member R Somashekhar and his brothers, R Shashidhar and R Dileep, threatened her with dire consequences when she refused to toe their line.The incident is the latest in a series of attacks in Karnataka on serving upright panchayat officers, who refused to be cowed down by officers with vested interests.The bone of contention was a piece of disputed land which she transferred to Somashekar's rivals. Sumati said in her complaint: \"Though I acted as per law and based on legal opinion, the trio threatened me and tried to obstruct me from discharging my official duty. They created terror in my chamber and abused me in the filthiest of language in front of my colleagues .\"Police said Somashekar and his brothers tried to browbeat Sumati into submission as they didn't want to lose title over the land. \"We are looking for the three who have gone underground. We have registered a case on charges of threatening a woman officer and wilfully obstructing her,\" said a police officer.Deputy commissioner P C Jaffer has asked police to investigate the case. \"If there is truth in Sumati's complaint, we'll act tough against the wrongdoers. We must not tolerate attacks on serving officers,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13790956", "title": "Efforts on to install CCTVs at 60 main spots", "text": "VARANASI: The provision made in state government's annual budget to install close circuit television cameras (CCTVs) on the main crossings and roads in Lucknow, Kanpur and Varanasi may reduce the burden on the district police. Efforts have been started to arrange funds on public private partnership (PPP) model to ensure installation of CCTVs at 60 points.Provision of funds had been made as a part of the law and order maintenance exercise. But before the state government could make such provision, the police in this highly sensitive district had contacted a voluntary organization in this regard, admitted SSP BD Polson. He said that the police had planned for the installation of CCTV cameras at about 60 points like crossings, sensitive roads where criminal activities take place repeatedly, ghats along the Ganga and some markets. It is expected that the CCTV network will also help in monitoring the activities of the junior cops.Polson said that the voluntary organisation had also installed some CCTV cameras on experimental basis at crossings like Sigra and its testing had also been done. He was unaware about the provision made by the state government in its budget for the installation of CCTVs. The police will wait for the official letter in this regard. The SSP said that efforts to encourage traders, especially showroom owners, traders associations, banks and other commercial establishments to install CCTV cameras on their own expenditure would continue as it would help in monitoring the activities taking place in and around the buildings.The organization that was in contact with police for the installation of CCTV cameras had also met district magistrate Samir Verma. The DM said a representative of the organization had met him but he was advised to remain in contact with SSP as law and order exercise is mainly the duty of police. The police could select the spots for installation of CCTVs in a better way. He denied that the police had forwarded any proposal to him in this regard.The CCTV footage can help in working out the terrorist attacks which had taken place repeatedly in past few years. The investigators in most of the terrorist attacks in the city in past seven years groped in the dark and most of the cases could not be worked out. Keeping such experience in mind, the police ensured installation of CCTV cameras at the sites like ghats and crowded markets, which become the soft target of terrorists. As part of the exercise, many cameras were installed at Dashaswamedh Ghat, Godowlia crossing and many important temples.The local police also encourage traders associations and other institutions to install CCTVs in markets and prominent building. This effort yielded positive results and 27 traders associations, 123 out of 131 banks, 20 out of 70 coaching centres, 22 out of 53 petrol pumps and 89 out of 110 private hospital and nursing homes ensured installation of CCTVs by 2011 end. The police are looking for covering the city with a bigger network of CCTV cameras.The traffic police are also utilising the CCTV camera network for improvement in the traffic scene.During last traffic month in 2011, the police had invested Rs one lakh on the installation of internet-based CCTV cameras at four prominent and busy crossings of the city. According to traffic inspector Vinay Chauhan, CCTV cameras are installed at Nadesar, Cantonment railway station, Maidagin and Rathaytra crossings. He said that these cameras are being monitored at the traffic line as well as his laptop and the live footages were helping in guiding the traffic cops to initiate action at those points where any bottleneck is caused.But, due to worsened power scene, this system is suffering badly. Chauhan said that there are no instruments like inverter or UPS for backup to keep the CCTV cameras for long after the power cuts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13790441", "title": "'Good' roads claim busted", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Even before monsoon arrives in the city, newly constructed and the so-called better designed roads of the city have started caving-in.Early Sunday morning, a drainage line underneath the BRTS corridor burst, spilling stinking drainage water on to the corridor and the main vehicle carriage way. This is just one of the many examples of poor quality engineering and construction work visible in the city.The BRTS bus had to forcefully run on the main carriageway as the drainage line passing underneath the corridor had weakened the earth below the road and could have been dangerous for the passengers. According to eyewitness accounts, a section of road had literally swelled before the cave-in took place.\"The BRTS corridor generally should have the civic utilities on the sides. But these are decade-old lines and there was no way we could have replaced them,\" said a senior AMC official.Assistant city engineer for Danilimda ward K M Gandhi refused to comment and claimed that repair works are being handled by the drainage department independently.\"What surprised us is that a very thin layer of asphalt seemed to have been put on a thick layer of mud. We feel this road stretch will be dangerous. The mixture underneath has literally vanished. In the morning, a section of the BRTS road has swelled and we had already guessed that a pipeline must have burst,\" said Jayanti Bharwad, living near Danilimda crossroads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "13792608", "title": "Don't miss the unique Venus spectacle on June 6", "text": "DHARWAD: The Breakthrough Science Society (BSS) will organize a sky gazing event on June 6 to enable curious citizens to view a rare celestial event in the morning sky. The planet Venus will pass over the sun and it will be visible as a black spot from sunrise till about 10am. It's the last time that it will happen in this century and if you miss it now, you will get to witness the next transit of Venus only on December 11, 2117. It is during the transit of Venus that the distance of the sun from the earth can be measured. BSS will organize the sky gazing event in educational institutions, public grounds and parks across the state. BSS has brought out sun filters, booklets both in Kannada and English, and pamphlets to reach out to general public. BSS convener Gangadhar Badiger said: \"We cannot look at the sun directly, as its bright rays may burn the retina in the eye causing permanent damage. Smoked glass, x-ray sheets etc.. should not be used because they do not uniformly reduce the intensity of sunlight\". Breakthrough Science Society has prepared sun filters using imported black polymer film which uniformly reduces the intensity of sunlight by one lakh times and thus are safe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "dibrugarh", "code": "13790881", "title": "Leopard shot dead after injuring 13", "text": "DIBRUGARH: A male leopard was killed by security personnel after it went on a rampage and injured several people in an Oil India Limited colony in Duliajan on Sunday. P Shiv Kumar, divisional forest officer of Digboi forest division, said that the 13 persons injured included army captain Gaurav Joshi of the Jammu and Kashmir Light Infantry Regiment based at Tipling and two forest staff. The injured persons were shifted to the Oil India Hospital at Duliajan and Assam Medical College and Hospital in Dibrugarh.Kumar said: \"We were informed about a leopard straying into a bungalow of an OIL executive on Sunday morning. I accompanied Vaibhav Mathur, DFO (Tinsukia), and a team of veterinary doctors from the Centre for Rehabilitation and Conservation of the Wildlife Trust of India to the spot. By the time we reached, the leopard had attacked five persons. We tried to tranquillize the leopard, but it got agitated - which is normal before sedatives takes effect - and pounced on the large crowd gathered at the spot. The security personnel were left with no option but to shoot it.\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13794740", "title": "Wearing bangles can help in normal delivery", "text": "CHENNAI: Baby showers are becoming increasingly popular the world over, but doctors say there is a scientific reason behind the tradition of gifting bangles to pregnant women during baby showers in India: The fetus craves acoustic stimuli.\"Bangles are gifted to women during the baby shower because the tinkle of bangles provides acoustic stimuli for the baby,\" said Dr Geetha Haripriya, gynecologist and chairperson of Prashanth Hospitals. Studies have shown that cheerful or calming music reduces a pregnant woman's stress and depression and helps the fetus develop the ability to hear. A stressed out pregnant woman is more likely to give birth to a pre-term or underweight baby, gynecologists say.Doctors who attended the launch of a special programme for pregnant women, 'Thaimai', at Isha Arogya Centre on Sunday said that mental relaxation and physical exercise are more effective than any medicine they could prescribe for moms-to-be.\"I first became pregnant at 33. I was trying to balance family life and career and that left me completely stressed. My daughter weighed just 1.8kg when she was born,\" said Dr Anjalakshmi, head of SRM Medical College's department of gynaecology and obstetrics. \"Three months later I conceived again, but this time I was relaxed. My son was 3.4kg when he was born.\"Doctors say constant stress causes havoc because hormones released due to mental strain cause intrauterine growth restriction that decelerates fetal growth.\"Working women have to deal with deadlines and may forget to eat on time. They are also prone to anxiety, which compounds to the problem. The fetus suffers due to inadequate nutrition and the baby will be underweight as a result,\" said Dr Kalaiselvi, president of the Obstetric and Gynaecological Society of Southern India.The doctors also focused on the importance of physical activity that relaxes a pregnant woman's pelvic muscles and ligaments to make delivery easier. \"Many pregnant women are sedentary. This can create complications during delivery,\" Dr Kalaiselvi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13792925", "title": "Making a difference for homeless kids", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The homeless children at LMS Wills Hostel and Hindu Mahila Mandiram at Poojapura will not go alone to their schools on Monday, the school reopening day. Volunteers of MAD (Make a Difference), an NGO, will escort the children taking up the roles of parents of these kids.On Monday morning corporation mayor K Chandrika will be present at the LMS Wills Hostel to distribute study equipment to the children and also to lend her support.\"She will also autograph as many copies of the books as possible,\" said radio jockey Krish, a MAD volunteer. On the other hand, Dr Roshini S of RCC will visit the Hindu Mahila Mandiram on the same day.MAD has been taking English classes for the children here for the past two years and the volunteers had seen these children go to their schools alone on the reopening days. \"It was heart wrenching to watch them go to school with the first-day-at-school jitters,\" said Krish. \"So we decided that this year we will do something for them,\" Krish added.Hundreds of kids at LMS hostel and Hindu Mahila Mandiram will be accompanied by a handful of MAD volunteers to their schools.However, around 15 girls from Mahila Mandiram, who go to Cotton Hill GHSS here, will be walked to their schools by 10 volunteers. \"They normally walk to school and so we thought we will do the same on Monday,\" said Athul John, another MAD volunteer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13797500", "title": "Shampoo sachets, dosas and retail", "text": "Ruchika Gupta, a fourth semester student in Design for Retail Experience at National Institute of Design(NID), R&D; Campus, Bangalore, on some of the modulesDesign for Retail Experience at NID, is a two-year course with a six-month diploma project, which includes all elements related to retail.We have a module on packaging, in which I tried to package shampoo sachets for the rural population. Visual merchandising was all about presenting a product to the consumer . For instance, we proposed to start a clean water booth (like a telephone booth) for Tata Swach Water Filter in rural areas. For space visualisation, we conducted research on existing models. We had to visualise how space could be used for art exhibition or book centres.Retail research involved a lot of work. We took up floriculture as our topic. We went to farmhouses where flowers were grown, to sellers as well as wayside vendors, to understand the market.In system design, we tackled an entire system instead of a particular product like healthcare, online retail marketing. We worked on food markets of Karnataka. For example, packaging of authentic dishes of Karnataka, though there are cartons available for packing dosas.There was furniture design, where we designed furniture like gondolas in the aisle units. In the fourth semester we had to work on a six-month project. I worked on a Hampi project in association with the Department of Science and Technology (DST) trying to reinvent the Hampi of the Vijayanagar kingdom.The course was never theoretical. We got to do a lot of work hands-on . We made prototypes of all the designs in paper , cardboard or wood. The best part about the course was that one has to work with different teams from various backgrounds.- As told to Sruthy Susan Ullas", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "13791856", "title": "Human traffickers sold eight girls in state", "text": "SURAT: The arrest of four accused in the human trafficking network has revealed that the group is involved in selling eight girls in different parts of Gujarat for marriage or prostitution.Following complaint by Rama Tayde along with another victim Pooja Jodiya, police arrested Raj Amarnath Bhardwaj, Prakash alias Bhanja Ashok Igle, both residents of Bhusaval in Maharashtra, Shobha Dalsukh Balu Tanna and her son, Hitesh Dalsukh Tanna, both living in Parekh Nagar in Punagam area of the city.Police investigation so far revealed that Shobha is the main person in the network and was booked in Bhavnagar in 2007 on charges of running a prostitution network. However, Shobha claimed that she works as an agency for those who want to marry. On being arrested, Shobha informed police that she finds girls for such needy boys.During questioning, the accused told police that they used to sell girls for Rs 20,000 to Rs 50,000 to different families. Shobha used to arrange rural and poor girls from Maharashtra to be sold in Gujarat. Young boys used to search and bring girls from Maharashtra for Shobha. The youth were paid commission from the money earned after the girl was sold.In the incident, Rama and Pooja, escaped from Shobha's house and reached Punagam police station and informed about the trafficking racket. They told police that Raj and Prakash brought them to Surat after befriending them. Rama and Pooja were shocked when they heard Shobha, Raj, Prakash and Hitesh discussing their \"price\" with three unidentified persons. They soon escaped from the house and approached police on Friday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13806770", "title": "Jay Seans shoots for PETA", "text": "Yet another international celebrity takes up the cause of cruelty against animals and this time it's Jay Sean. The British artistehas joined hands with People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA) India in a brand-new ad that aims to ease the tragic homeless dog and cat crisis.In the ad, Jay Sean standing next to a rescued mutt named Stella, and the caption for the picture reads Adopt - Don't Buy . The ad goes on to explain that animal shelters are overflowing with cats and dogs and that countless more are barely surviving on the streets. All are in dire need of adoption. The ad was shot by JSquared Photographyat their Los Angeles studio, and his make-up was done by Chantal Moore for Cloutier Remix.In a statement by released by PETA , Jay Sean was quoted as saying, \"Until I had a dog, I didn't realise the connection you actually have, that I have, with animals. ... And you realise that just because they're animals, you can't treat them any less than you would a human being.\"\" He added, \"\"[P]arents might not know that they can go to a shelter to adopt one rather than going to a store to buy one.... You know that they've had their vaccinations and have been neutered ... so they go through all those checks before you even get them\"\".Jay Sean joins Bollywood celebrities Imran Khan , Dino Morea , Gulshan Grover and Trisha Krishnan, who have appeared in ads to promote the adoption of homeless dogs for PETA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13790835", "title": "Poachers shoot migratory birds at Siruthavur Lake", "text": "CHENNAI: Forest department officials caught two armed poachers red-handed at Siruthavur Lake early Sunday morning after a group of birdwatchers spotted them killing eight migratory water birds. However, by the time the foresters stopped them, the poachers had killed eight birds.At 7am on Sunday, five members of the Madras Naturalist Society (MNS) arrived at Siruthavur Lake for bird-watching. They expected to hear the throb of flapping wings, but gunshots rang out instead.\"We could not spot anybody or trace where the gunshots came from initially as the poachers were hiding,\" said Samyak Kaninde, a freelance wildlife photographer. \"The birds were shot as they flew low and skimmed the water for fish. The shots lasted for half an hour. We only spotted the poachers when they came out of hiding to collect the dead birds.\"One of the bird watchers called the forest department as soon as the first round of shots were fired. \"Forest department officials arrived promptly, in less than 15 minutes and nabbed the poachers as they were bagging the birds,\" he said. \"We identified two more locals who were also at the scene. The foresters questioned them too.\"The poachers killed birds including a painted stork, glossy ibis, cotton pygmy goose, great egret, grey heron, purple heron and spoonbill. Another pygmy goose survived with injuries and was handed over to officials at the Vandalur zoo.\"We fined the poachers Rs 10,000,\" said a forest ranger. \"The two poachers, Eaacher Singh, 63, and Bagar Singh, 40, are gypsies from the Narikurava Colony in Tiruninravur. \"Located 40 km from Chennai in Tiruvallur district, Siruthavur Lake is a bird-watcher's paradise, famous for freshwater ducks and several exotic species.\"Last season, we recorded 97 different species of birds at the lake,\" said Gnanaskandan Kesavabharathi, a software engineer and a MNS member. \"Of them 23 were species that had migrated from other countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "ramgarh", "code": "13792410", "title": "Deputy commissioner orders closure of two banks in Ramgarh", "text": "Ramgarh: The district administration has recommended the closure of two branches of two banks in town.In a letter, the deputy commissioner recommended the closure of HDFC Bank and Axis Bank following their reluctance to execute government schemes which include issuing Kisan Credit Cards (KCC) to the poor and marginal farmers and providing loans to needy people as per the Reserve of Bank of India and government guidelines for financial institutions.Deputy commissioner Amitabh Kaushal said he had recommended to the government that local branches of HDFC Bank and Axis Bank despite repeated ultimatum of the administration were showing its reluctance to issue KCC to farmers and loans to needy people of the district violating government guideline for the banks operating in the state. \"The two private banks have not done any thing in 2011-12 in execution of government schemes that has affected schemes carried out by the government,\" said the DC.\"I have sent a letter to the government to stop of functioning of local branches of HDFC Bank and Axis Bank for their reluctance in execution of government schemes including issuing of KCC to farmers,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "abuja", "code": "13785932", "title": "153 passengers feared killed as plane crashes in Nigeria", "text": "ABUJA: At least 153 people on board a passenger plane are feared to have died when a plane carrying them crashed into a building in a residential area of Nigeria's commercial capital Lagos on Sunday.The aircraft belonging to Dana air caught fire immediately sending billows of thick black smoke into the air at the Iju neighbourhood where it went down.Civil aviation authority officials believed there were little chances of finding any survivors.An eyewitness told PTI he does not believe any of the passengers survived the crash that happened near a bus stop in the Ifako Local Government Area of Lagos state.Besides the passengers and crew on the plane, residents of the house may add to the number of persons killed or injured in the crash.Emergency services, including fire fighters, were seen rushing to the area following the incident.The flight took off from Lagos on its way to the capital city of Abuja, National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA) said.Harold Demureen, head of the oil rich African country's civil aviation authority confirmed the incident but did not give the casualty figures as yet.Nigeria had witnessed a number of plane crashes in 2005 and 2006 that led to stricter controls in the aviation sector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13789968", "title": "BJP complains to Election Commission against Atmakur circle inspector", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Bharatiya Janata Party on Sunday lodged a complaint against the high-handed behaviour of Atmakur circle inspector A Kishore Kumar for preventing its party supporters from carrying Bonalu and performing Bathukamma during the campaigning of Parkal bypolls.State general secretary N Ramchander Rao said that the inspector was frequently stopping BJP's convoy of vehicles in utter violation of the rules of the Election Commission of India (ECI). He said the CI was interpreting both Bonalu and Bathukamma as religious customs and preventing party workers from participating in it. \"The inspector is repeatedly stopping election campaign vehicles for hours together under the guise of checking. He is adopting dilatory tactics. He is even seizing money from party workers,\" the party said in its complaint.BJP hits out at TRSBJP spokesperson Prakash Javdekar launched a scathing attack on TRS on its politicking on the separate Telangana issue and accused the party of joining hands with Congress and TDP to sidetrack the issue. Speaking at Warangal on Sunday, Javdekar said instead of fighting against Congress for its anti-Telangana stand, TRS is attacking BJP which is putting earnest efforts to make separate T state a reality,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "13792392", "title": "One more arrested in Savli triple murder", "text": "VADODARA: Savli police made yet another arrest in the triple murder that occurred in Anjesar village last month.Nilesh Kahaar, a resident of Panigate, was arrested after the cops received information that he was among the people who accompanied one of the deceased Ajaysinh Rajput during the incident. Kahaar was produced before a local court that remanded him to police custody till June 8. This is the third arrest in the sensational murders that occurred on May 16 over land dispute. Though, the police have been successful in arresting the people accompanying Rajput, not a single resident of Anjesar has been arrested yet.Rajput had gone to Anjesar along another deceased Hitesh Rohit and about six more people on the fateful day. Rajput had shot down Anjesar resident Kanu Patel over land ownership dispute that left the locals enraged. They attacked Rajput, Rohit and their accomplices. Rajput and Rohit were murdered with sharp weapons by the villagers. \"Kahaar was taken along by Rajput as a muscleman. He used to accompany Rajput on such occasions. On the day of murder, Kahaar was present at the spot and had fled after the locals went after Rajput and his men,\" said DySP R D Patel.\"We are yet to arrest about five more people who were accompanying Rajput,\" Patel added. When asked whether any of villagers who attacked Rajput had been identified, Patel said, \"Rajput knew some of the villagers but he is already dead. None of the people who accompanied him had seen the village earlier. So, it will be bit difficult to identify villagers who murdered Rajput and Rohit. But, we are trying our best. It is possible that some of Rajput's accomplices may be able to identify faces of the assailants.\"The rural police have made three teams to track down Rajput's men who were with him during the attack. Sources said that the rural police wasn't getting much support from the city police in tracking down the accused. According to the police, Rajput and Rohit had gone to Anjesar on the fateful day and had heated arguments with Patel who was putting fence around his land. Rajput and Patel had been at loggerheads over a piece of land since some years and case was pending in the court too.An angry Rajput took out his rifle and fired six rounds - one of which hit Patel in his back. Patel died on the spot but the angry locals hit back and attacked Rajput and his accomplices. The police were not able to make any breakthrough in the case as not a single person from the village was ready to testify in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13791898", "title": "'BJP not responsible for Sampangi's misdeed'", "text": "MYSORE: State BJP president K S Eshwarappa on Sunday sought to be diplomatic over the sentencing of party MLA Y Sampangi by a Lokayukta court for accepting a bribe of Rs 5 lakh. Sampangi case will have no impact on the party, Eshwarappa felt. \"It is a mistake committed by an individual and it is improper to hold the party responsible for it,\" he said speaking at the election meeting hosted in connection with the polls to the legislative council from the South Teachers' segment. Eshwarappa accused former Lokayukta Justice Santosh Hegde of bailing out former CM S M Krishna in the illegal mining case. He gave a clean chit to Krishna, who Team Anna alleges is one of the most corrupt ministers in the UPA government. In fact Krishna is placed fifth in the list of most corrupt by the Team Anna. The Yeddyurappa government tasked the Lokayukta to probe illegal mining in the state, but Hegde bailed out Krishna, he stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13789851", "title": "Economic assistance scheme for minorities", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Andhra Pradesh State Minorities Finance Corporation (APSMFC) has announced that it would soon be implementing the economic assistance scheme for the minorities for 2012-13, under which a subsidy will be provided on bank loans taken for setting up businesses, servicing and allied viable activities to members from minority community. The APSMFC will provide 50% subsidy on the loan subject to a maximum of Rs.30,000 while the beneficiary is required to put in 10% of the loan amount.The remaining amount shall be put up by the bank. The loan is available only to members from minority community. Prospective borrowers should be aged between 18 and 45 years with an annual income less than Rs 50,000. Borrowers should also have resided in Hyderabad district for not less than seven years. Interested persons can register and apply for the loan on APSMFC website www.apsmfc.com before June 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13791106", "title": "Share autos become the new favourite for Chennai commuters", "text": "CHENNAI: Thanks to the recent petrol hike, many commuters in the city are waving down share autorickshaws.Commuters said drivers of ordinary autos were scalping the passengers after the recent fuel hike, with many of them demanding a minimum fare of Rs 50. However, the share autorickshaws that run mainly on diesel are becoming affordable for commuters as the minimum charge is just Rs 5.For many commuters in the Anna Nagar, T Nagar and Tiruvottiyur, share autorickshaws are the vibrant mode of transport.However, drivers of ordinary autos said they were facing a huge competition and that they were struggling to survive after the recent fuel hike. \"Share autos carry around 10-15 people by charging Rs 5 each. These Tata magic vehicles are earning a huge profit margin as many of their passengers get in for short-haul trips,\" said R Saravanan, an auto driver in Teynampet. \"It's difficult to run without increasing the fare after the recent petrol hike, but commuters are often complaining to us\" he said.President of AITUC Share Autorickshaw Drivers' Union S Elumalai said there was a huge demand for share autorickshaws in the city. \"There are more than 1,600 share autos runing across the city; however the recent petrol hike has not affected us. Because many of these auto rickshaws run on diesel\" he said.M S Rajendran, president of the CITU Auto Taxi Driver's Union, said \"There is no meter charge in the city. The state government is not willing to revise the fare according to the fuel prices. So many ordinary auto drivers in the city are struggling to survive. There are several illegal tata magic vehicles are running without any permit in the city.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13808229", "title": "Neil Bhatt in Beauty and the Beast's adaptation?", "text": "Last seen in Gulaal, actor Neil Bhatt has now been finalised to play one of the two leads in Shashi and Sumeet Mittal's next on Sony Entertainment Television.The show, apparently an adaptation of Beauty and the Beast, revolves around a popular Radio Jockey who is not good looking and falls in love with a beautiful girl. Apparently, Sargun Mehta of Phulwa fame has been approached to play the female lead whose character is that of a simple and beautiful girl who loves to live her life to its fullest. We have been informed by our sources that there will be two male leads in the show. While Neil has been finalised to play one of them, the producer is still hunting for the actor who will play the other lead. Incidentally, Dakshh Ajit Singh, who was seen in Maryaada - Lekin Kab Tak ? was approached for the show but things didn't materialise. The shooting for the pilot is expected to begin by the end of this month. When contacted, Neil said, \"Nothing is finalised as yet. I have been approached and I am keen on doing the show.\"\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13792133", "title": "Audio-visual studio inaugurated at University of Mysore", "text": "MYSORE: The department of studies in communication and journalism ( University of Mysore) on Sunday added a state-of-the-art audio-visual studio to its facilities. Doordarshan Kendra director Mahesh Joshi inaugurated the facility, worth Rs 45 lakh, in the presence of vice-chancellor V G Talawar and Gautham Machaiah, an alumnus of UoM.Joshi said one has to manifest their power and knowledge so as to tap their potential. He called upon the students to produce good programmes with the help of the studio. H S Eswara, retired head of the department of studies in communication (Bangalore University), was felicitated on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13789609", "title": "13/7 accused surfed web to know terror case updates", "text": "MUMBAI: Forensic investigations into the 13/7 Mumbai blast cases revealed that the accused relied on the internet to find out developments in the case.The police found several computer files which show that the accused were keeping daily tabs on the investigations. Pictures of the nine accused in the 2006 Malegaon serial blast cases were also found in their computer. Investigations show that the Opera House bomb was planted at 1.30pm while the Zaveri Bazar bomb was planted at 6pm.The anti-terrorism squad, probing the triple blasts, had seized a computer and several DVDs from Habib Mansion in Byculla (E). This room was taken on rent by arrested accused, Naqi Ahmed and Nadeem Akhtar, and was reportedly used by Indian Mujahideen leader Yasin Bhatkal alias Imran and two suspected Pakistani bombers.The police had found a Tata Photon, a USB connection to use internet, attached with the seized computer. The forensic analyzer, in the report, stated that they also found contents in Muslim language. But observers say there is no specific language in India which could be called a Muslim language.The hard disc analysis showed that the suspected accused had been surfing net to read stories about bombs blasts across the country. One such report surfed from an internet portal was about the Bangalore's Chinnaswamy stadium blast just before the IPL matches two years ago. The pages viewed by the user contained information about the police investigation which indicated that the 13/7 blasts bombers were identified, the group behind the triple blasts was identified and that TNT was used in the blasts. Moreover, pictures related to blasts in Mumbai and Pune's German Bakery were found in the hard disc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13796883", "title": "Industry performance", "text": "The CII ASCON Survey for the period April-June 2012 (estimated) reveals sharp deceleration in the growth of industrial sectors as compared to the corresponding period of the previous year, on the expectations of low investment spending , rupee depreciation, elevated inflation, high trade and fiscal deficits, and uncertain global economic recovery. \"The ASCON Survey provides industry outlook for the period April-June 2012 compared to April-June 2011. The survey reveals that many industry sectors have shown a sharp deceleration in growth for April-June quarter of 2012 as compared to April-June (2011). Most of the respondents of the ASCON survey revealed that the deceleration was mainly due to monetary tightening measures of RBI to control inflation and the effect of global economic slowdown which had a dampening effect on the demand. The situation calls for concerted effort from the Government and the RBI to ensure that we have a cohesive economic recovery plan,\" said Chandrajit Banerjee, director general , CII. The survey reveals that out of the 114 sectors surveyed comprising more than 35000 companies , for the period April-June 2012, 7.2% of the sectors are expected to register growth of more than 20% as compared to 20.7% in the corresponding period of 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13792524", "title": "Shaheed Path to become operational from June 8", "text": "LUCKNOW: The National Highways Authority of India has decided to open both the lanes of Shaheed Path between Faizabad Road and Sultanpur Road on June 8. As a result, the commuting time is likely to be reduced by nearly 50%. Until now, only one lane of the 8-kilometre stretch of Shaheed Path between NH-28 (Lucknow-Faizabad) and NH-56 (Lucknow-Sultanpur) was operational. However, on June 8, both the lanes will be open, not only for the smaller vehicles, but also for heavy vehicles.NHAI in charge for Lucknow, Pawan Verma said that the project is getting its final touches and will be completed in the coming week. \"The flyover (Shaheed Path) will connect four important highways passing through the state capital easing out congestion on the city roads,\" he said.The much awaited project was conceptualised in 2001, within a deadline of 36 months during the tenure of former prime minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee . However, one or the other reason delayed the project by almost eight years. While on one occasion, a section of a girder near Sultanpur Road slumped another section caved in later.Part of the east-west corridor, the Shaheed Path will connect Lucknow-Kanpur Road (NH-25) with Lucknow-Faizabad (NH-28) via Lucknow-Sultanpur Road (NH-56). The total stretch of the flyover is 22.5 kilometres. The four-lane flyover has a uniform width and each side of the divider is 8.75 metres wide.While the section between Rae Bareli Road and Kanpur Road was set open in 2009 only, the stretch between Faizabad Road and Sultanpur Road had only one lane operational.Verma said that the flyover has service lanes and under passes at NH-56 and NH-24 that links it to Lucknow-Sultanpur and Lucknow-Rae Bareli national highways respectively.Besides this, the flyover has been connected to the various important localities like Gomtinagar and Gomtinagar extension to allow residents to use the facility accordingly. There are though isolated spots, which have been left incomplete. For example, the elevated service lane near Vipul Khand in Gomtinagar is yet to be completed. Sources say that the said stretch, which is being constructed by the UP Bridge Corporation, is getting delayed because of the transmission wires coming in the way of the highway.A fully operational Shaheed Path will have impact on the real estate prices in Lucknow as the commuting time and distances with the central parts of the city gets reduced significantly. Already the Sultanpur Road is witnessing a rise in prices of properties. Likewise, property prices near Faizabad Road and Kanpur Road may also appreciate with the coming of the facility.Of late, not only government agencies like Lucknow Development Authority (LDA) and the UP Housing and Development Board (UPHDB), but also the private builders have been keeping a close watch on the coming of Shaheed Path. In fact, the existing hi-tech township in Sultanpur Road and another proposed on Rae Bareli Road were planned keeping in mind the said facility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "13791226", "title": "Rain threat to traffic on southern Assam highways", "text": "SILCHAR: Severe pre-monsoon showers that lashed across Barak Valley and Dima Hasao areas of Assam over past couple of days have hampered smooth movement of traffic along the national highways that crisscross the region. Long stretches of the highways in southern Assam are in a dilapidated condition for the past few years, and the heavy rain has made the situation worse.Sources said Mizoram was cut off from rest of the country in terms of road connectivity for the entire day on Friday due to suspension of movement of all kinds of vehicles on NH 306 (earlier NH 54), which connects Silchar in Assam with the neighbouring state.Meanwhile, two trucks turned turtle due to huge potholes at Nagatila on NH 306 on the outskirts of the town, leaving hundreds of vehicles stranded on either side of the road. It took more then 36 hours to for Border Road Tusk Force (BRTF) workers to clear the road. The entire 55-km stretch of NH 306 in Assam is in a bad shape due to alleged negligence and indifference on the part of the BRTF, which is responsible for maintaining the road. Vehicles that ply along the road often meet with accidents because the entire stretch of the highway up to Mizoram border is dotted with potholes.\"In many areas, including the Silchar-Sonabarighat and Kabuganj-Bhaga stretches, the highway is virtually non-existent. The road is often closed for traffic because of frequent accidents,\" said Debojit Dev Roy, secretary of the New Silchar Nagarik Manch. He said despite several requests, neither the BRTF nor the district administration have taken any steps to repair the highway.Over the past week, locals blocked NH 306 at Nagatila demanding immediate repair of the road. Students of various schools at Kabuganj also blocked the stretch the entire day. Apart from NH 306, other highways following the East-West corridor - NH 6 (Shillong-Badarpur-Dholeswar-Bhairavi), NH 8 (Karimganj-Churaibari), NH 37 (Imphal-Badarpurghat-Karimganj-Sutarkandi) and NH 27 - are in a deplorable shape. At Panchgram, the Cachar Paper Mill township, an about 300-metre stretch of NH 37, which connects Tripura with Assam, has been partially eaten up by the swelling Barak River. Vehicles pass through the stretch at great risk. AGP MLA from Algapur, Sahidul Alam Chaudhary, said at any moment the entire road may disappear into the river. However, authorities are reluctant to take measures to construct a substitute road or even prevent erosion, he said.Ataur Rahman Majarbhuiya, AIUDF MLA from Katigora, said on different occasions his party has taken up agitation programmes including fasts, but the government has failed to take any corrective measures. The chief minister and PWD minister also failed to keep their promises, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13796624", "title": "Cut-offs to go up", "text": "With the number of students scoring high in class XII CBSE this year, in almost all the streams, it is likely that the cut-offs will go up. It became a topic of national debate last year, when the cut-off for BCom went up to 100% at Shri Ram College of Commerce (SRCC).However, PC Jain, principal, SRCC, assures that the cut-offs will not be as high this year. \"The cut-offs for BCom (Honours ) have been increasing in the last few years. This year we will make sure the cut-off does not reach as high as 100%. Also, for economics, we will ensure the percentage is realistic. Yet, cut-offs are likely to remain high as the overall class XII scores are rather good this year too.\"Since a good number of students have scored well in subjects like psychology, economics, business studies, physics, and even in humanities, colleges across the university believe the first cut-off list released will be high though the percentages will come down with the second list.According to JM Khurana, dean, students' welfare, with students performing well in CBSE again this year, the cutoffs are bound to be higher, but nothing can be said before the registration begins . Also, since many students these days go for professional courses, aspirants must not panic and wait for the cut-offs to be released. At Hans Raj College, the cut-offs are likely to be highest in computer science, economics, electronics, physics and the biological sciences. \"The cut-offs are not going to drop in any case in the popular colleges. Subjects like computer science, electronics and the sciences will see a high percentage. We will have to be cautious while preparing the first cut-off list,\" says VK Kawatra, principal, Hans Raj College.Colleges including Hindu and Lady Shri Ram (LSR) maintain that the first cut-off list will be high as they will be playing safe. However, Pratibha Jolly, principal, Miranda House, believes it is too early to say how the cut-off lists will turn out. \"Only once we have the pre-admission forms data available with us, the picture about the cut-offs will be clear,\" she says.RegistrationJune 4, MondayThe forms will be available at 12 head post offices and eight colleges - Miranda House in north campus, Atma Ram Sanatam Dharam College near Dhaula Kuan, PGDAV College and Gargi College in south Delhi, Bhagini Nivedita College near Najafgarh, Rajdhani College at Raja Garden, Swami Shradhanand College in Alipur and Shyam Lal College in east Delhi.OnlineStudents wanting to apply online will have to log on to the university website - www.du.ac.in. After that they will be given a unique password, using which the centralised online form can be accessed. The online form will be a copy of the over-the-counter OMR form", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13791173", "title": "National Rural Health Mission promises training before health drives", "text": "GUWAHATI: Since more than 1,000 girl students in Darrang and Sonitpur districts fell ill after consuming iron and folic acid (IFA) tablets distributed by the directorate of secondary education in collaboration with the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) and Unicef on May 23, people have become wary about such drives. So, the authorities are ensuring that no such programme is launched again without conducting proper training and awareness drives. Prateek Hajela, NRHM head, said, \"Whatever happened was only due to lack of awareness. So we will ensure that proper training is given first before such programmes are launched.\"Pratim Das, whose daughter studies in a government school, said, \"After what has happened, I am scared of letting my son take any medicine supplied in school as I don't think the medicines are genuine.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13789300", "title": "Anna-Ramdev agitation: Immolation bid foiled at Jantar Mantar", "text": "NEW DELHI: Team Anna volunteer Salim Alvi tried to set himself on fire at Jantar Mantar on Sunday for allegedly being ill-treated by Arvind Kejriwal. A resident of Bulandshahr in UP, Salim had spoken to the Team Anna leader about the rising prices in his town and requested him to include the issue in the Jan Lokpal Bill. However, he was unhappy with Kejriwal's response, police said.According to witnesses, Salim, wearing a Team Anna T-shirt and a cap, was carrying a megaphone and standing near the media enclosure at the fast site around 12.15pm when Devendra Sharma, a close aide of Ramdev, was addressing the crowd. He started speaking through his megaphone, demanding that he be heard by Anna Hazare and Baba Ramdev, but was prevented by Ramdev's volunteers, said police. Salim kept on alleging that he was mistreated by Kejriwal and other members of the India Against Corruption. Salim then pulled out a bottle of kerosene, poured it on himself and took out a lighter to set himself on fire but was overpowered.\"He kept shouting that he would commit suicide at home if he was not heard or allowed to commit suicide in Jantar Mantar. Initially, it wasn't very clear why he tried to commit suicide,\" said a senior police officer.Police booked Salim under Section 65 in the Delhi Police Act before releasing him late in the evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13789998", "title": "Woman suicide: FIR lodged against husband, his parents", "text": "GURGAON: The Kherki Dhaula police on Sunday booked a man and his parents for abetting the suicide of his wife who had allegedly consumed poison on Saturday.\"We have lodged an FIR against Rajendra and his parents under Section 304 B of the Indian Penal Code and are investigating the case,\" said Jagdish Rai, additional SHO, Kherki Daula police station.Sarita had married Rajendra a year ago and according to her relatives, was being tortured by her husband and his family for dowry. The incident took place on Saturday night in Kherki Daula village, when she allegedly ate some toxic substances and was rushed to a civil hospital by her husband and his relatives. Despite the doctors' efforts, she died during her treatment on Sunday morning.Her family members created a ruckus in the hospital, blaming her husband and his relatives for her death. The victim's brother also accused her doctor of negligence.The hospital administration, in the meantime, had to call in the police for support.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "13790676", "title": "Jail posters no work of art, says home minister", "text": "KOTTAYAM: Home minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan on Sunday reacted to CPM state secretary Pinarayi Vijayan's view that pictures of CPM leaders in the Kannur Central Jail are work of art. He said that it cannot be considered as work and added that removing posters is not the only issue in the jail.\"It has to be examined whether the rules of jail are being followed there,\" he said. The minister said steps will be taken to reform the jail and changes will be visible soon.During a recent visit to the jail, the home minister had expressed dissatisfaction over the freedom enjoyed by some inmates of the jail. He had also directed the jail officials to remove the posters and photos of party leaders from the walls of the jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13791032", "title": "Kaziranga marathon for a green cause on June 5", "text": "GUWAHATI: Come June 5, people form different walks of life and all ages will run for a green cause in the Kaziranga Green Marathon on the occasion of World Environment Day. Organised by biodiversity conservation NGO Aaranyak, Bokakhat District Master Athletic Association, the state forest department and Bokakhat administration, the half marathon will start from Bokakhat to Kohora near Kaziranga national park, covering a distance of 21km.Around 14 local organisations and corporate houses will also take part in the event, which has been planned to create awareness on conserving the green cover. Organizers said that along with the marathon there will be side events like street plays, tree plantation, mass jogging and cycle rallies to spread the message of protecting the ecology.Firoz Ahmed of Aaranyak said that camps will be set up along the 21km course to disseminate information on various aspects of environment protection. \"We want to celebrate the World Environment Day on June 5 through the marathon as it involves a large number of people. More the participation, the wider will be the impact of the message on environment. We also want to show that sports can also play a role in saving our planet,\" Ahmed, who is also involved in tiger estimation in Kaziranga, said.He added that response from the public has been encouraging. Moreover, he said, sportspersons are also enthusiastic to take part in the event. \"This is the first green marathon in the northeast and the organizers plan to make it an annual affair and promote the same as a national and international marathon in the near future,\" he added.The winners will also be awarded with cash prizes. The first prize carries an amount of Rs 10,000, the runners-up gets Rs 7,000 and the third prize is Rs 5,000. Seven consolation prizes will also be given to others in the top 10. The winners will also receive a certificate of merit as well as all registered participants will receive a certificate of participation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13789068", "title": "HC upholds DTC\u2019s levy of Re 1 surcharge", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court has upheld the decision of the Delhi Transport Corporation to levy a surcharge of Re 1 on passengers travelling in its buses.A division bench comprising acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw upheld the corporation's decision pointing out that the surcharge is collected to reduce the cost incurred by DTC when it pays toll tax/toll charges while crossing through municipal toll or at DND flyover or other toll bridges.\"Though the amount to be paid per DTC trip is fixed, if the burden is to be shared by the passengers, in every trip, the amount to be collected from passengers may vary depending upon the number of passengers travelling in a particular trip,\" the bench observed. To \"obviate such an onerous task\" HC added, the corporation is justified in charging a fixed amount which in any case is much less than the actual amount paid by the DTC.HC also brushed aside the argument that by collecting an extra amount DTC is determining the fare of buses, concluding that the Re 1 surcharge is not part of any fare.The court was hearing a PIL filed by one Ramesh Chhabra claiming that DTC charges Re 1 as surcharge on the actual fare from each passenger travelling from Delhi to Faridabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "13789021", "title": "1.6 kg ganja seized, one arrested", "text": "Wardha: Local crime branch sleuths seized 1.6kg ganja worth Rs 69,000 and arrested one person in Hinganghat on Saturday night. Assistant police inspector of LCB UT Bhusari said that the police received a tip-off that two persons Aziz Pathan (43) of Gomasipura of Hinganghat and Shaikh Gaffar Shaikh Sattar, were selling ganja at Ambedkar square in the town. Police immediately raided the spot and caught Pathan red-handed while Shaikh managed to give them a slip. Police have registered a case against the duo are investigating further.Meanwhile, in another incident the local crime branch (LCB) raided a hotel near Sawangi on Yavatmal road and seized some hookah samples.Police inspector of LCB MD Chate said that, they had information that Kasbah restaurant on Yavatmal road was selling illegal liquor. The police party raided the hotel on Saturday at 11pm but they didn't find any liquor bottle. \"However, we found something like hookah in the hotel. It will be sent to laboratory for chemical analysis on Monday,\" Chate said, adding, \"Further action will be taken after we get the forensic report.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13795582", "title": "Goa state cooperative bank chief refuses to resign", "text": "PANAJI: Refusing to resign, the Goa state cooperative bank (GSCB) chairman Ramchandra Mule accused the government of being responsible for the downfall of the bank, as pointed out by the National Bank of Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard).The board will meet on June 7 to discuss the advice given to board members by chief minister Manohar Parrikar to resign.Speaking to TOI, Mule said that the government has to repay a loan of 46 crore borrowed by Kadamba Transport Corporation (KTC) during the tenure of then KTC chairman Parrikar and this is what is pointed out in the Nabard report.Mule said, \"Why should we resign, government should first deposit the amount borrowed by KTC and the Nabard observation is because government has failed to repay the loan.\"He said that instead of asking board members to resign, government should help the bank by repaying the entire amount. \"If government repays the loan then I will resign as chairman of the board,\" Mule said.Mule also said that the bank had given a loan of 30 crore to KTC in 2003 with the interest rate of 9% when Parrikar was KTC chairman, and government was a guarantor. He said till date the government has not repaid the loan, with the amount touching to 46 crore.\"Since the loan is not paid, it is shown as non performing asset (NPA), and Nabard has pointed out to this in the report,\" said Mule.Mule also said that Nabard cannot interfere in the bank affairs because during the last ten years bank has not borrowed a single rupee from Nabard due to high interest.He also said that the government has invested just 34 lakh in the bank whereas 22 crore is invested by the shareholders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13795954", "title": "Medical corruption is the theme for this tiatr", "text": "Comedian Agostinho's drama 'Dotor' brings to the fore the hard realities plaguing honest doctors as opposed their corrupt counterparts. Agostinho says that not all those in the medical profession can be weighed on the same scale. While some live up to their profession as a vocation, others take it up as a business, seeking monetary gains.The curtain unveils with Brian (Filipe Almeida) pleading with Dr Jaison (Salu de Loutolim) to save his father, who has suffered a heart attack. Jaison refuses to assist and departs saying he is not a heart specialist, but only a gynecologist.At home, Jaison's wife Preeti ( Nancy Gomes) is waiting for her husband's to celebrate her birthday. A petty misunderstanding between her and her father-in-law (Tommy) prompts Preeti to drive her father-in-law out of the house.As Preeti is money-minded, Jaison makes every effort to please her. He earns more by forcibly conducting Caesarean operations and in the bargain risks the lives of several women and children. Although he satisfies his wife with luxuries, over a period of time, Preeti longs for the gift of a child.Will Jaison succeed in meting his wife's desire? After all the medical tests, who is found to have a problem? What is its outcome? Is Preeti willing to accept options offered by her husband? How does Jaison pay for his misdeeds?Salu de Loutolim does a good job as an uncompassionate doctor and a cruel son. Tommy excels as an understanding father and Filipe Almeida does well as a police inspector.Jokes by Jaju, Selvy, Janet and Agostinho are entertaining. The one of a quartet planning a band under the guidance of Mestri Mickol de Salcete is worth watching. Agostinho plays a double role with ease and quite professionally.Songs by Seby de Divar ( Ami Goenkar), Jaju/Salu/Tommy (Sir Matanhy), Salu (Fottkirea monxeank patienaka), Tommy (Kongres harli, BJP jikli) are worth listening to as each has a meaningful message to the audience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13792843", "title": "Water supply cut hits Padmavilasom residents", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The residents of Padmavilasom Lane, near Peroorkada have been severely hit by a water supply cut that struck them without warning three days ago. With the schools reopening on Monday, the parents in the locality are finding it difficult to cope with the situation.\"My mother's blood pressure has gone up and my father who has bladder incontinence finds its extremely difficult to go without water,\" said Suresh Babu, a resident of the area. \"It is hell going without water in a house with small kids and elderly people,\" laments Suresh who has a one-year-old daughter and son, whose school will reopen on Monday.The water supply cut has upset the daily life of scores of residents in the area. Daily chores like washing, bathing and cooking had to be put off. \"We had to go to hotels and eat there. Even parcels were out of the question since that would mean water for washing the dishes afterwards,\" said V G Thirumeni, the joint secretary of the Padmavilasom Resident's Association. The residents also said the problems of water shortage and frequent water supply cut began a month ago. Though they had complained to the KWA authorities many times, there was no effect.Meanwhile sources at KWA attributed the water supply cut and the spells of water shortage to the interconnection works that took place at Vellayambalam this month to augment the water supply in Palayam and Kowdiar zones, which involved closing of certain valves. As Padmavilasom line is also connected to the same loop, the work at Vellayamabalam affected that area too.\"Though the interconnection work is complete, we cannot fully open the valve since that might lead to pipe bursts like the one that happened on Saturday at Paipinmoodu,\" a KWA official said. \"Right now there is a trial run going on and until it's complete there can only be restrained opening of the valves,\" he added. Officials said it would take at least a week more to solve the problem completely.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13790602", "title": "CBI court sends Sebi official to 3-day remand", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The scam involving the manipulation of global depository receipt (GDR), exposed by Securities and Exchange Bureau of India (Sebi) last year, shocked several government agencies.On Sunday, a CBI court here sent a senior SEBI official nabbed by the CBI for allegedly taking bribe - to wipe off charges against a stockbroker accused in the scam - to a three-day remand.CBI officials had on Friday arrested SEBI deputy general manager Avarjeet Singh from Delhi and company secretary Ashok Mehta from Ahmedabad in a bribery case. A team of CBI officials brought Singh from Delhi on Sunday to the city, where a CBI court sent him to remand after investigating officials told the court that they needed to question the official further. The CBI court had earlier sent Mehta to a five-day remand.The two were arrested after Sarfaraz Khan, promoter of Ahmedabad-based trading company SV Enterprise, lodged a complaint with the CBI. SV Enterprise and several other broking firms and investors were restricted from engaging in stock-market transactions by SEBI last September.The restrictions were imposed after the regulator detected evidence of manipulations through GDR issues by Asahi Infrastructure, IKF Technologies, Avon Corp, K Sera Sera, CAT Tech, Maars Software and Cals Refineries. It then banned ten entities, including SV Enterprise, India Focus Cardinal Fund, MAVI Investment, Basmati Securities Pvt Ltd and Alka India Ltd from market dealings. The companies were served show-cause notices and an inquiry was initiated.Sources in SEBI said that Singh had been working with the market watchdog for the past 15 years and was currently with the integrated surveillance department.\"Khan spoke to Mehta over the phone on May 24. Mehta told him that he knew a top SEBI official who would get the charges against him dropped,\" said a senior official. \"Later, the middleman arranged a meeting between Khan and Singh where allegedly the SEBI official asked for Rs 25 lakh to save him from legal action.\" The CBI has already sealed Singh's residence in Mumbai and has seized his official computer.Singh is the second senior official from SEBI to fall into the CBI net. In 2010, assistant general manager R P Singh in Kolkata was arrested after a company director's complaint against him for allegedly demanding Rs 25 lakh bribe.The CBI had recovered more than Rs 1 crore cash and Rs 12 lakh jewellery from his locker. Gujarat CBI officials said that they would open the lockers and verify Singh's bank details.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13794975", "title": "Governor yet to give nod for new Devi Ahilya Vishwavidhyalaya head as Rajkamal's term ends on June 6", "text": "INDORE: The wait for a permanent vice-chancellor at Devi Ahilya Vishwavidhyalaya (DAVV) seems to be unending. Merely three days are left for governor to give final nod on the names suggested by the varsity's search panel last month with the tenure of the officiating vice-chancellor (VC), Dr Rajkamal, is going to end on June 6. It indicates that it may lead to his extension if the name is not finalized in the next three working days.According to the sources, extension to the officiating vice-chancellor is possible as a similar incident had happened a few years back when the then governor Balram Jakhar had given extension to then officiating vice-chancellor. A DAVV source said, \"It seems that the governor is not taking the decision or has rejected the names recommended by the search panel after finding them not suitable for the post.\" If such a case happens, then a fresh list will be made, he added.The process of finalizing the name is getting delayed since December last year. In January this year, the VC search panel was constituted and Dr Rajkamal was given the charge of officiating head of the varsity. But, the panel ran into controversies after the University Grants Commission member RR Sharma quit the panel. A new panel was constituted which sorted out the names from more than 800 applicants from across the country for the top post.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13790054", "title": "Bombay Municipal Corporation to send property details by next month", "text": "MUMBAI: A month after the civic standing committee passed the proposal to change the property tax calculation system from rateable to one based on capital value, the Bombay Municipal Corporation (BMC) is ready to send details of properties to citizens.By next month, the BMC will send out details such as user category, nature of the building, etc, that will determine the capital value of a property. Citizens seeking clarity can write to the BMC within 21 days of the receipt of the details. For instance, if a property is residential but termed as commercial in civic records, people can bring it to the notice of the BMC within three weeks.\"If citizens find any problems in the BMC's data on properties, they can write to us within 21 days of the receipt of the details. This will help citizens verify the information available with the BMC before it can fix the capital value of all properties,\" said joint municipal commissioner SS Shinde. \"As citizens will be taxed according to various categories pre-decided by theBMC, information on these is required to be sent out to them so that there are no problems while taxing them.\"Standing committee chairman Rahul Shewale said, \"Citizens' feedback was taken into account when the proposal was passed and their suggestions will be incorporated again when it is placed before the general body.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "bangalore/davanagere", "code": "13794385", "title": "Congmen let off steam at meet", "text": "BANGALORE/DAVANAGERE: If Congress in the state is floundering today, it will have itself to blame. This point emerged clearly at the party's mega meet at Davanagere on Sunday.Having bottled up their feelings for long at the manner in which the state Congress leadership has been functioning, party workers give vent to their ire, with AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi showing willingness to hear their grievances . In fact, Rahul himself said while addressing the frontal organization and panchayat members: \"None of the parties can defeat the Congress. If the party fails, it will be because of its infighting.''This was the same line taken by AICC president Sonia Gandhi during her visit to Tumkur in April. She had asked party leaders to set aside differences and ambitions to become CM and ensure the party's return to power.The floodgates opened when Rahul asked what were the two things the Congress should do in Karnataka to come back to power, party sources said. Rahul was keen on listenening to the members rather than give a speech, they added.Unfazed by the presence of AICC general secretary and Karnataka in-charge Madhusudan Mistry and KPCC chief G Parameshwara , workers blamed the duo for the party's plight in the state. At one point, PCC member Akbar Pasha is said to have requested Rahul to come down from the dais, held his hands and said: \"Please change Mistry and Parameshwara.'' To which Rahul reportedly said: `I will take care.''He is said to have asked Mistry and Parameshwara to explain, but the two apparently remained silent.Rahul was told that Siddaramaiah's resignation from the opposition leader's post and selection of candidates for the council elections had upset a large section of workers.Rahul's queriesWhy didn't Bellary district do well in the 2008 elections when the Lok Sabha seat there was won by my mother Sonia Gandhi? Workers reportedly told him that the district unit had an understanding with BJP then. Similar was the case in Hassan where it was in cahoots with JD(S).Should the party announce its candidates six months before elections? Members were asked to raise their hands if in favour. 95 % are said to have raised hands saying this will help in taking care of the rebels.Speaks to SidduRahul had a 10-minute discussion with Siddaramaiah at the Harihar helipad. Rahul asked him to come to New Delhi for talks on Monday.Some complaints50% members of the Pradesh Congress Committee hadn't even visited the party office. If such people are given posts, grassroot workers will be demotivated. Congress high command in New Delhi is not receptive to the state unit's problems, said MLC Nasir Ahmed. Rahul replied: \"I am available all the time and prepared to come whenever you call me.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "13790391", "title": "16-year-old rescued from flesh trade in Airoli", "text": "THANE: Crime branch officials rescued a 16-year-old school girl from Airoli who had been kidnapped from West Bengal and was being forced into flesh trade by a man who promised to marry her and a pimp from Kausa.The minor was lured to Mumbai by one Avijit Malli (23). The two eloped on May 21 and came to the residence of an alleged pimp, Sanatan Mujumdar alias Dharmendra, on May 25.\"When she was alone with another girl, she got an opportunity to call up and inform her relatives,\" said police inspector Madan Ballal. Activists of the voluntary group Childline India Foundation also helped in the rescue after the missing girl's father is said to have sought their assistance from their West Bengal chapter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13796704", "title": "Centre should move more aggressively on Lokpal: Youth Congress", "text": "HUBLI: At a time when the government is increasingly under attack on the issue of corruption, the Youth Congress led by Rahul Gandhi has underlined the need to tackle the menace \"on a priority basis\" and wanted Centre to move \"more aggressively\" on setting up of Lokpal.It has also sought sweeping changes in the laws related to corruption cases to ensure punishment to corrupt public servants.The political resolution passed at the three day national executive meet of Youth Congress at Hubli in Karnataka also asked for the setting up of special courts to try only corruption-specific cases.Noting that corruption affects the common man most, the resolution said,\"it needs to be tackled on a priority basis\".The resolution recommended \"more stringent penal provisions\" to punish the corrupt public servants by amending the Prevention of Corruption Act.\"The three day national executive meet passed a political resolution to tackle corruption aggressively and resolved to recommend to the Union Government that the Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988 be amended and penal provisions be made more stringent so that the culprits are penalized in all cases,\" a statement by the young wing said.The youth body of Congress has also demanded that the \"code of criminal proceedure (CrPC) should be amended in order to ensure speedy disposal of corruption-related cases.The political resolution also demanded that \"the Central government should move more aggressively on Constitutionally guaranteed Lokpal bill\".At the height of the Lokpal controversy and a showdown between Anna Hazare and the government, Rahul Gandhi had last year made a strong pitch in the Lok Sabha for constitutional status to Lokpal.Gandhi, who is AICC general incharge of Youth Congress said that people at the last point need to empowered to fight corruption.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13794929", "title": "'Will find God particle by year-end '", "text": "LONDON: Scientists say they may be able to prove by the end of the year that the elusive Higgs Boson, or the particle that is responsible for giving mass to the universe, really exists.The Large Hadron Collider (LHC), the world's largest and highest-energy particle accelerator, will be switched off at the end of this year for some major upgrades, but Rolf-Dieter Heuer, director of European Organization for Nuclear Research (Cern), said he was very confident that by that time it will be possible to say whether the Higgs Boson exists.The theoretical particle, nicknamed the 'God Particle' due to the central role it has in explaining modern physics, has never been detected and scientists have been working for decades to prove its existence . Scientists hope that high energy collisions of particles in the 17-mile underground tunnel at Cern will finally allow them to create conditions to allow them to spot the elusive Higgs Boson.Heuer said the LHC is scheduled to be closed down for up to two years to carry out upgrades that will increase its power and allow it to continue with more experiments.\"We will know by the end of this year whether it exists or not. This would be a huge discovery that after 50 years we are able to describe the visible universe,\" he was quoted as saying by the Daily Telegraph . \"We will have taken a big step forward about our knowledge of the physical worldIt will help us to understand the creation of the universe ,\" he added.Heuer also informed that for the first time the LHC will be opened to the public, who will be allowed to walk through the underground tunnel that straddles the French-Swiss border.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13790854", "title": "Woman and grand daughters burnt alive", "text": "VARANASI: A woman and her two grand daughters were burnt alive when the roof of a mud house collapsed after fire outbreak in Badhwa Bhagtauli village under Chandwak police station in Jaunpur district on Sunday. Three cattle also died in this fire incident.According to reports, Phoolpatti (60) along with her granddaughters including Rupa (6) and Rani (5) was sleeping inside her mud house.Some farmers had lit fire in the fields near her residence for some work. But, due to strong wind, fire caught in the mud house of Phoolpatti. Before her family members and villagers could reach there to save the woman and her granddaughters the roof of mud house collapsed due to fire and they were burnt alive.Three cattle, who were also sitting there also died due to sever burn injuries. After many hours the villagers succeeded in extinguishing the fire. On receiving information of incident police reached the incident site.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13805407", "title": "Mobile cos accept Apple's standard for new SIM cards", "text": "Mobile-phone makers agreed on a new standard for smaller SIM cards, overcoming a deadlock in which Finland's Nokia and Apple had competing proposals.The so-called \"fourth form factor\" will be 40 per cent smaller than the current smallest SIM card design, the European Telecommunications Standards Institute said in a statement on its website, following a meeting held May 31 and June 1 in Osaka, Japan. \"It can be packaged and distributed in a way that is backwards compatible with existing SIM card designs.\"ETSI agreed to pick Apple's SIM card standard, beating a proposal from Nokia, MacWorld said on its website, citing cardmaker Giesecke &amp; Devrient. Spokespersons for ETSI and Nokia couldn't immediately be reached for comment.In March, a two-day meeting to adopt a format from competing proposals by Apple and Nokia finished without reaching a decision. The smartcards that identify wireless subscribers are standardized to reduce industry costs and give consumers freedom to switch handsets and networks. Smaller versions permit the design of thinner phones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13801714", "title": "Shah Rukh Khan set to revive 'DDLJ' magic", "text": "It was his career-defining role. As Raj Malhotra in Dilwale Dulhaniya Le Jaayenge (DDLJ), Shah Rukh Khan won over legions of fans and spawned clones as well. And now, as we have learnt, the actor is set to revisit his iconic role in the film that marks the return of the high priest of romance to the genre. Out of the two different looks SRK sports in Yash Chopra's to-be-titled next, one is strikingly similar to that of Raj in DDLJ.A source close to the project revealed, \"The story takes a major leap of about 15 to 18 years. In the first part of the film, SRK will be seen as a young carefree youngster romancing Katrina Kaif . In the second part, he will be shown as a 40-plus man that is close to the way he looks now.\"Aditya Chopra , who has written the script, thought SRK has a huge connect with his fans, especially from his DDLJ days and insisted on a look similar to his character in the film.\"Although no one quite knows the story of Yashji's film, it is now known that SRK will have two distinct looks. The second one, that of a man in his 40's, will be similar to the way he looks now. A lot of work will go into making SRK look exactly like Raj of DDLJ. SRK is very excited to play his younger self, and some of those portions have already been shot in London,\" informed the source.When contacted, the official spokesperson of YRF confirmed the news. Meanwhile, the film is all set for release during Diwali and work is in full swing, said the source, adding that since it is Yashji's comeback film, no stone is being left unturned to make it the biggest blockbuster of the year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13796415", "title": "News flash", "text": "World expo'World Children Expo 2012' was the first children's expo held in India on May 26-27 , conceptualised by Creative Children Media Pvt Ltd at the Ambience Mall, Gurgaon. From stationery to games, books to toys, meeting and greeting cartoon characters to attending workshops and sessions, children had a range of activities to take part in.Admission timeSchool of Natural Sciences , Shiv Nadar University (SNU), Dadri invites applications to its full-time BS programme in physics, chemistry and mathematics. To be eligible, candidates are required to have an aggregate of 90% in best of three subjects plus one language in class XII. Candidates can download the application forms from the university website. A demand draft of Rs 1000, drawn in favour of Shiv Nadar University to be payable at Noida, will be required . The completed application form, demand draft and photocopies of academic records should reach SNU, Noida by June 15.Work-lifeMore business people across the world declare that their work-life balance has improved, according to the new Regus Work-Life Balance Index. In India, workers in the consultancy and services and ICT (information and communication technology) sectors are the most likely to declare that their work-life harmony has improved since 2010. The Index calibrates job satisfaction indicators and respondents' views on their overall work-life balance with data on real-life practice such as working hours and commuting, from a global survey of over 16,000 professionals in more than 80 countries.Top ranksCL's Law School Tutorial (LST) students have bagged the top 10 ranks in the Common Law Admission Test (CLAT) 2012. CLAT is conducted every year in the month of May for admission to the 14 coveted National Law Schools in the country. This year's topper Anhad Singh Miglani, who hails from Chandigarh, believes the study material was comprehensive and the regular mock tests were useful.WorkshopAsia-Pacific Institute of Management, Delhi, organised a workshop recently on 'Employability in Global Context' on campus . The workshop was conducted by senior professors from UK and Sweden . The event was inaugurated by Jakob Svensson , director- Human IT, Karlstad University, Sweden ; Catherine Climes, director , Career and Employability Centre, University of Northampton, UK and Rashmi Dravid, department of computer science, University of Northampton.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13813836", "title": "Manoj K Jayan plays a challenging role in Ardhanari", "text": "Manoj K Jayan is coming with a challenging character in his upcoming next. He is coming in the role of eunuch in M.G.Sreekumar's film.The name of the film is Ardhanari . Thilakan,Maniyan Pilla Raju,Nedumudi Venu are doing the central characters of the movie.Source: kerala9.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13794859", "title": "1 dies in road accident", "text": "BHOPAL: A man was killed and another injured when a speeding truck hit the two at Ayodhya bypass in the city on Sunday morning.The deceased, identified as Ajay, 38, was a resident of Narela Shankari. He along with another person, Gulab, was riding a bike when a speeding truck hit them near the Comfort Park on the bypass.The police said Ajay sustained grievous injuries and succumbed on the spot. Gulab, who sustained multiple fractures, was hospitalized. The accused managed to flee with the four-wheeler. Efforts are on to nab the accused, the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13804167", "title": "Ravi Teja\u2019s \u201cBalupu\u201d getting ready", "text": "It is already known that Mass Maharaja Ravi Teja's upcoming film \"Balupu\" will go on to the sets in August. Meanwhile the film's crew is busy with the pre production work - while director Gopichand Mallineni is putting finishing touches to the script, music director SS Thaman is busy working on various tunes with his team. The music sittings and the story by Kona Venkat are expected to be completed by July.This is Gopichand Mallineni's third film after directing Ravi Teja in \"Don Seenu\" and Venkatesh in \"Bodyguard\". Prasad V. Potluri, who earlier produced \"Veedinthe\", is producing this film under under PVP cinemas banner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13790313", "title": "Woman jumps before train with son in Sikar", "text": "JAIPUR: A woman jumped before a moving train along with her five-year-old son in Ranoli police station area of Sikar district on Sunday. The woman's family members have registered an FIR against her in-laws alleging dowry harassment. Police said an investigation has been launched into these allegations.According to the police, the deceased, identified as Santosh Devi and her son Ritesh Kumar, were residents of Kochhor village in Sikar. Their bodies were found on the railway tracks in Ranoli, a few kilometres from her in-laws' residence on Sunday morning.\"Santosh Devi's father Sedhuram has registered an FIR with the police saying Santosh was being harassed by her in-laws since her marriage in 2005,\" said circle officer Rakesh Kachhwal.Sedhuram also said the in-laws were demanding some cash and a bike. \"Sedhuram alleged that Santosh used to tell him about this harassment and he had tried to reach at a compromise with her in-laws from time to time. But the harassment would start again,\" said the officer.He added that Santosh had left her in-laws' house around 5 pm on Saturday. \"She had taken Rohit along with her saying she was going to their agricultural land. The father says when he came to know about their disappearance, he tried to find them throughout the night. However, she could not be traced,\" said the officer.Some passers-by informed the police when a train hit the woman and her son and ran over them on Sunday morning. \"We have launched an investigation,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13811725", "title": "Sachin Tendulkar sworn in as Rajya Sabha MP", "text": "NEW DELHI: Beginning his inning as a Parliamentarian, cricketer Sachin Ramesh Tendulkar took oath as Rajya Sabha member on Monday.In Pics: Sachin sworn in as MPSachin was nominated by the government as Rajya Sabha MP on April 27.Since Parliament is not in session, he took oath in the chamber of the Rajya Sabha chairman Hamid Ansari. He took oath in Hindi.Sachin accompanied by minister of state for parliamentary affairs Rajiv Shukla reached Parliament House 15 minutes before taking the oath.He couldn't take oath during the Budget Session due to IPL matches last month.Besides MoS Rajiv Shukla, Samajwadi Party leader in Rajya Sabha Ram Gopal Yadav and Union ministers V Narayanasamy and Harish Rawat were also present inside the RS chairman Hamid Ansari's chamber while Sachin was taking oath.Sachin made it clear that his focus would be cricket and hinting at concentrating on Parliament work after he stops playing the game.However, he hastened to add that he does not want rumours to swirl that he has stopped playing cricket for Parliament.\"...I am here because of my cricketing career. I cannot take any focus away from my cricket. That is where it all started for me. I will focus on my cricket and as and when I stop playing cricket, I don't know, when I will start attending to other things.\"I don't want rumours to start that I have stopped playing cricket. I will let everyone know when I will stop playing cricket,\" he said when asked how he would assuage people who raise questions whether he would be able to do justice to the job in Parliament when he is still playing cricket.\"Cricket comes first,\" Tendulkar told reporters as he and wife Anjali were chaperoned by Shukla to Rajya Sabha Chairman Hamid Ansari's chamber.There was much excitement in the corridors of Parliament as a large number of officials gathered outside Ansari's chamber where Tendulkar took oath.A number of Parliament staffers took out their mobile phones to capture a glimpse of the cricketer.After taking oath, Tendulkar said it was a great honour for him to be nominated as a Rajya Sabha member by the President.Tendulkar said the Rajya Sabha nomination has put him in better position to help not only cricket but also other sports in the country.On apprehensions that he would not be able to devote much time to Parliament, Tendulkar made it clear that he was a nominated member of the Rajya Sabha and had not sought to be a member.\"See, I am a nominee. So, I didn't go to anyone to say that I want to become a Rajya Sabha member. It is an honour which I accept with full respect but I am here because of my cricketing career,\" he said.Asked whether Tendulkar's oath was special, Ansari said, \"All oaths are the same. All members are same.\"Tendulkar said cricket had given him many things in life during the 22 years he has played the game and he had always dreamt of giving something back to cricket in the latter half of his life.\"Whatever I am today is because of cricket and I strongly believe that. Today, with the nomination as Rajya Sabha member, I think I am in a better position not only to help cricket but also other sports in the country which is really important and means a lot to me. And I will try my best to help other sports,\" he said.\"But I believe there might be few obstacles along the way and a few challenges along the way. And I need help from my fellow parliamentarians, the administrators, media and our countrymen. I think, together we can make a lot of changes,\" Tendulkar said.The cricketer said he would like to be remembered as someone who contributed to all sports in the country and not just by his cricket statistics.\"I would finally like to say that I will be happy if I am remembered as someone who contributed to all sports in India rather than just my cricket statistics. That would be fantastic,\" Tendulkar said.(With inputs from PTI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13789691", "title": "Minority quota gets High Court rap for the fifth time", "text": "It is true that the high court's judgement quashing the 4.5% sub-quota for minorities within the 27% central quota for Other Backward Classes (OBCs) has caused anguish to minorities, particularly Muslims, not only in Andhra Pradesh but across the country. It is the fifth time that the high court has given its adverse verdict on the issue of reservations for minorities.The Congress government headed by Kotla Vijayabhaskar Reddy had issued GO Ms 30 in August 1994, for inclusion of 14 castes/categories, including Muslims, in the list of Backward Classes. A three-member bench of the HC directed the state not to put it into effect till AP Backward Classes Commission submitted its report. For 10 years (1993-2003), the commission collected data, held its sittings and also conducted a socio-economic survey of Muslims and other castes but for reasons best known its then chairman Justice K S Puttuswamy, no report was submitted to the government. And, after the Congress regained power in 2004, Y S Rajasekhara Reddy government issued GO Ms 33, earmarking five per cent reservations for Muslims by designating them as a backward class. A division bench of the HC suspended the GO and referred the issue to a five-member bench. In September 2004, the court struck down the GO as unconstitutional and ultra vires on four counts: that the Commissionerate of Minorities Welfare acted hastily and the process of identifying and classifying Muslims as BC was vitiated since no proper investigation was done; mandatory consultation with AP Backward Classes Commission was not done; the government did not identify the creamy layer and it failed to justify why the overall reservations exceeded the 50% bench-mark provided by the Supreme Court.The government then reconstituted AP BC Commission which submitted its report recommending 5% quota for backward Muslims. The governor promulgated an ordinance in 2005 earmarking 5% reservations for Muslims by including the community in the BC 'E' category. The issue again landed up in court. The five-member bench struck down the ordinance in November 2005, mainly on the ground that religion-based reservations were unconstitutional.The bench cited five grounds for quashing the quota. The BC Commission considered reservations for one community, while the claims for inclusion of other castes and communities were pending. Earlier, two commissions-K N Anantharaman Commission and N K Murlidhara Rao Commission-which looked into claims of castes and communities for inclusion among BCs refused to recognize Muslim community as a whole as backward. The BC Commission did not produce sufficient data and facts to justify its findings. The total reservations exceeded the 50% ceiling suggested by the Supreme Court. Lastly, the bench observed that \"the government can provide reservations to Muslims who are backward through proper identification but cannot declare the entire Muslim community as backward.\"Thereafter, a fresh exercise was undertaken. The state government referred the limited question of reservations for Muslims to the BC Commission. P S Krishnan was appointed as advisor to assist the commission. Krishnan submitted his report. In 2007, the Commission recommended reservations for only the identified socially and educationally backward (SEBC) Muslim groups and scaled down the quota from five per cent to four per cent.The ordinance promulgated giving reservations to 15 SEBC groups of Muslims was again challenged in HC. The seven-member bench pronounced its verdict in February 2010. The bench was divided 5-2 and provided three different decisions while striking down the ordinance (and subsequent Act) providing quota to SEBC Muslims. The majority judgement not only objected to 'religion-based' reservations even for groups of SEBC Muslims but also faulted the Krishnan Committee and BC Commission reports for deficient data and improper surveys.The judges ruled out any affirmative action for SEBC Muslims under the three relevant Articles of the Constitution and even went a step further and expressed concern over such reservations \"potentially encouraging religious conversions.\" Justice B Prakash Rao aired the minority view, holding that the bench was not called upon to adjudicate the list of SEBC Muslims but was only required to answer a legal reference. Justice DSR Varma also did not agree with the majority view. In all, 25 judges heard the matters in five different batches of writ petitions in a span of 18 years. Four successive advocate generals and an assistant solicitor general unsuccessfully argued in favour of reservations before HC benches.The Special Leave Petition of AP government against the 2010 judgement of high court against 4 per cent state reservations for SEBC Muslims is pending before a constitutional bench of the Supreme Court. The Union government is likely to file an appeal now in the apex court against the high court verdict . The last word is yet to be pronounced on this crucial issue on which the fortunes of the minorities in the country rest.(The writer is a member of the AP Legislative Council and a journalist)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13794285", "title": "Why and how to rebalance a portfolio", "text": "Investment advice these days is highly focused on asset allocation. Financial planning is the buzzword and investors routinely receive advice on how they should allocate their savings to various asset classes, such as equity, debt, real estate and gold. If equity has delivered poor returns in the past five years, is investing fresh money in debt good enough? What should be revised? When and how? Rebalancing refers to modifications in the portfolio based on a review.Rebalancing has received a bad name due to the obnoxious practice of churning, which refers to the frequent changes in a portfolio by advisers, who replace one product with another, more to enhance their own commissions, than to benefit the investor. Investors tend to suffer losses, and pay high costs and taxes when their portfolios are churned. Awareness about this hurtful practice has increased and investors are wary when advisers ask them to make modifications in their holdings. Rebalancing is skirted by several financial planners, who want to build a reputation of working in investors' interest. Investors need to differentiate useful and necessary rebalancing from harmful churning.There are two primary objectives of rebalancing a portfolio. First, it should help the portfolio to be realigned to the changing needs of the investor. Second, the risk of the portfolio should be managed actively. Rebalancing may not result in higher returns, but research has shown that a well laid out rebalancing strategy can reduce risks significantly. Rebalancing ensures that the overall composition of the portfolio is realigned to investor needs and preferences.Consider a young couple with bank deposits, fixed maturity plans and tax-saving equity funds in their portfolio. They decide to buy a house on loan, which reduces their ability to save, but enhances their sense of wealth and well-being. A rebalancing strategy needs to be worked out. They should desist from liquidating their other assets and concentrating their wealth in the single property. The target asset allocation of earning couples should include liquid and flexible assets; therefore, their investments after they buy an illiquid asset, such as a house, should be directed to achieve that end.Consider another example. It is not uncommon for retired people to think only of investments that yield a fixed income once they retire. They see these as low-risk options. Several retiring investors have also bought homes earlier in their working lives and choose to live in it after retirement . However, a retirement portfolio with, say, 50% of the wealth in fixed income assets and 50% in a selfoccupied house, may require rebalancing. It may be poorly aligned to the most important needs of retirement , namely inflation-indexed income and flexibility to draw down for emergencies. A post-retirement span of 20-30 years is not uncommon today. So, they could consider rebalancing their investment in one property into two smaller units, one of which can earn an inflation-adjusted rental income. They can also allocate a small portion of investment to equity to enable growth and help fight inflation in later years. In the first 10-15 years of retirement, they may indulge in alternate professions, earning some income anyway. So the overemphasis on safety and income in early years of retirement may be poorly aligned to their needs in later years.Rebalancing is thus the art and science of ensuring that the portfolio is aligned with the investor's changing needs. The second type of rebalancing , which is based on the performance of assets held in the portfolio, is tougher to implement. This is a specialised, tactical asset allocation skill, not common among financial advisers and wealth managers. Several advisory firms and wealth management arms of banks and broking houses run model portfolios, which reflect their views on equity, debt, gold and such assets and recommend changes to holdings. These are not implemented through an automated process, but are left to the ability of relationship managers to convince the investors to make the change.Another approach is mechanical rebalancing to a predetermined formula , at specific time periods. SIPs and STPs are variations of this theme. There are also asset allocation products that apply quantitative models to move money between equity and debt. However, these haven't caught the fancy of investors, who do not see risk reduction as a required benefit, and instead focus on return maximisation. A mechanical rebalancing formula will pull money out of a high-return asset and deploy it in a low-return asset.Investing has to be seen as a dynamic exercise that requires review and modification both for a given situation and for the performance of the holding . Not all rebalancing is mindless churning.-The author is Managing Director, Centre for Investment Education and Learning, and can be reached at uma.shashikant@ ciel.co.in", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13789428", "title": "Spectre of power cuts rises again", "text": "HYDERABAD: Singeing daytime temperatures and unscheduled power cuts are making life miserable for Hyderabadis.While, on one hand, daytime temperatures have stayed above the 40 degrees Celsius mark in the past week, the Central Power Distribution Company Ltd (CPDCL) has been resorting to unscheduled and unannounced power cuts lasting several hours on the other. This when, just a few weeks back, power utilities had announced that there would be no more load-shedding this season.Localities are being subjected to power outages lasting for two to five hours in Greater Hyderabad in view of an increasing demand for electricity. Until recently, power cuts were confined to daylight hours, but now nightly outages have become rampant.\"Sometimes power goes off in the middle of the night or in the wee hours, say 3am. On Saturday night, power supply was interrupted at midnight. CPDCL officials should spare people from power cuts at least at night,\" K Rekha, a housewife in Chandanagar, told TOI.CPDCL officials claim only two-hourly power cuts were being imposed in the city, that too for an hour in the morning and another in the afternoon, between 6am and 5pm for domestic connections. However, in the name of load shedding, several areas in the city are daily witnessing four to five hour power cuts. In surrounding circles like LB Nagar, Uppal, Hayathnagar, Malkajgiri, Nacharam, Kukatpally and Alwal, the situation is even worse.\"We are not issuing a power cut schedule for the city as consumption changes every hour. Depending on the supply and demand, CPDCL monitors the outages,\" a CPDCL chief general manager said.Officials said power consumption in Greater Hyderabad has touched about 50 million units (MU) a day in May. With the scorching heat, the demand has been rising for the past week. On May 1, power consumption was 43 million units, while on May 30 it had touched 48.34 MU and, after load reliefs, it was 46.68 MU on June 1.\"Generally, power demand falls in the core city on Saturdays and Sundays as offices remain closed. Still, the CPDCL has been imposing power cuts as usual and not giving any relief on Sundays either,\" Thota Jaswanth Kumar, an advocate from Chintalkunta, said.Consumers claim call centres and fuse call-off of CPDCL have stopped attending complaints. Even if they answer the call, the staff has a ready-made answer for interruptions - they claim it is a 'technical glitch'. They were not even able to assure consumers about when the power supply might be restored.\"CPDCL has data of mobile phones of about 12 lakh consumers in the city. They should at least inform citizens about power interruptions through SMSs on a day-to-day basis so that people can plan their chores accordingly,\" M Uday Kumar, a resident of Kushaiguda, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "13795842", "title": "Ponda's planning body to merger with South Goa planning and development authority", "text": "PONDA: With the assurance of the chief town planner to merge Ponda planning and development authority (PPDA) into South Goa planning and development authority (SGPDA) by this week, Ponda developers will heave a sigh of relief, states Ponda MLA Lavoo Mamledar.\"I have spoken to chief town planner Puttaraju and he has assured me that the PPDA will be merged into SGPDA by this week and a notification to this effect will be issued by Thursday,\" the Ponda MLA told TOI.The Ponda PDA was reconstituted in November 2011 with inclusion of Curti-Khandepar villages in its jurisdiction, but after the villagers opposed the inclusion of their area, the MGP and BJP made it an election issue and scrapped the proposal of inclusion of Curti-Khandepar village within its jurisdiction in March.The reconstituted PPDA's planning area was notified by the state government in the official gazette on May 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13789693", "title": "Constable fined, assistant sub-inspector's car seized for using tinted glasses", "text": "GURGAON: On Friday night, two cops had a brush with law when they were caught for using tinted glass in their cars flouting the recent Supreme Court directives.While a constable was challaned, an ASI's vehicle was impounded for committing the violation. Sources said that Deputy Commissioner of Police (west) Surendra Pal Singh found the violations when he was on a round of the area.The west district of Gurgaon has 13 designated checkpoints at various places. Around 2 am, when the DCP reached the checkpoint near Tau Devilal park in Sector 22 on a routine inspection, he saw the duty cops were removing black film from the glasses of vehicles. The DCP, in the meantime, saw two cars - a Santro and an Alto - with full tinted glasses parked near the check-post. When the DCP asked the cops about the cars, an ASI and a constable said that parked cars belonged to them.Singh immediately ordered action against the two cops. While constable Anoop was challaned, ASI Krishan Kumar's car was impounded. The two cops are posted at the Palam Vihar police station.The DCP confirmed the action against the two cops. \"The Supreme Court directives have to be followed by one and all. When we are enforcing the law we must comply with the norms,\" Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13811946", "title": "Tamil Nadu SSLC results 2012 declared", "text": "CHENNAI: The directorate of government examinations in Tamil Nadu released the class 10 state board results on Monday. Of the 10,50,922 students, who appeared for the board exam this year, 86.2% have passed. In Chennai 58,098 students from 596 schools, including 28,307 boys, registered for the class 10 board exams.Four students, including three from Chennai, share the first ranks, losing just three marks of the perfect score of 500. Srinath P from Thanjavur, Anjala Beegum A H from Ponneri, and Ramya Shreeshaa Cotah and Mitisha Surana from Chennai secured 497 marks of 500 to come first in the state.This is the first year that students of four boards -- Matriculation, Anglo-Indian, Oriental and state board - wrote the exam based on the common school syllabus. So, there was no need for the directorate of government examinations to normalize the marks scored by candidates of different streams in the board examinations. Usually the marks are normalized to a base aggregate of 500 marks to ensure uniformity among candidates of the state board, matriculation, Anglo Indian and oriental school stream students. This was also the first time that students in the state board schools attempted science practical exams.The results, which are usually out by the end of May, are delayed this year because the exams were postponed from March end to the first week of April. The state decided to delay the exams as students got their textbooks only two months after schools reopened, thanks to the court battle over common syllabus.The state has decided to incorporate security features such as the photograph of the candidate and a unique quick response code, to prevent forgery, in the certificate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13792935", "title": "Pyarimohan Mohapatra tried to raise Rs 200 crore for coup: BJD MLA", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Biju Janata Dal MLA Subarna Naik on Sunday dropped a bombshell, claiming that Rajya Sabha member Pyarimohan Mohapatra, suspended from the party last week, was raising Rs 200 crore through mineral traders to take the coup against chief minister Naveen Patnaik to its logical conclusion.Keonjhar MLA Naik, who visited Mohapatra's home at Saheed Nagar here on May 29 when the plot was thickening, alleged that there was meeting at a hotel in Rourkela on May 26. Mohapatra described the charge as \"ridiculous\".\"The meeting organized by Mohapatra was attended by ministers Badri Narayan Patra (higher education) and Sarada Nayak (urban development) and some mineral traders known to be close to them. They were taking about raising Rs 200 crore for the coup,\" Naik said.He said the plan was to give Rs 1-2 crore to each MLA who'd help oust Naveen.Naik said Mohapatra was the \"ring leader\" of Odisha's mega mining scam, which, he alleged, was worth Rs 3 lakh crore. \"Pyari benefited hugely from the mining operations in Keonjhar, and operated among others through Keonjhar district BJD vice-president Kusha Apat,\" Naik alleged. \"Let there be an inquiry into the whole thing,\" he added.Mohapatra, who was suspended from BJD on Friday, said, \"Naik's statements are nothing but bullshit. He has been coached to say so as he had earlier been coached to claim that he had signed on a paper pledging support to make me BJD legislature party leader. A file containing criminal charges against Naik is with the CM. If he approves the file, Naik would lose his membership of the assembly.\" Higher education minister Patra, who is also from Keonjhar district, said, \"How could he know what happened in Rourkela? Was he present? He runs from one mine to another for money.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13790310", "title": "Showers cool the city, Sriganganagar still hottest", "text": "JAIPUR: Sunday brought some respite from the blistering heat conditions as mercury took a slight dip at some places in the state. Mild showers further brought the temperatures down. Sriganganagar continued to remain hottest with 45.4 degrees Celsius, the Met reports said.The morning temperatures were 30.2 degrees Celsius, almost three degrees above normal. The afternoon temperature plunged a notch down to 41.2 degree Celsius as compared to 42.7 degrees on Saturday. However, mild showers in the evening provided the much-needed relief from the prolonged spell of heat.Some parts of the city witnessed dust storms followed by mild showers. Following the rains a few low-lying areas in the city witnessed water-logging and the traffic after the rainfall became chaotic, especially around Statue Circle, C-Scheme and Jawahar Circle.Jaipur along with the northern and eastern parts also received mild showers. Met office said that western disturbances will bring dust storms and rain in various parts of the state in the next 48 hours.When asked about the arrival of monsoon in the city, the Met officials refrained from making any further forecast until the arrival of south-west monsoon in Kerala. \"Our Delhi office has informed that south-west monsoon is going to hit Kerala by June 5. After its arrival there the forecast on its arrival in Rajasthan would be made,\" said an officer said.Churu recorded a maximum temperature of 44.8 degrees celsius, Bikaner 42.7, Kota 42.5, Vanasthali 42.2, Pilani 41.5, Jaisalmer 41.0, Barmer 40.2, Jodhpur 39.9 and Ajmer recorded a maximum temperature of 39.8 degrees Celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13795750", "title": "Aspiring doctors celebrate All India Pre-Medical Test success on 'fun-day'", "text": "LUCKNOW: Shubham Agarwal topped the All India Pre-Medical Test (mains) by securing all India rank of 24 in the city. An elated Shubham said, \"I had always dreamt to become a doctor. And today I feel happy to have at least made through one of the prestigious medical examinations. However, I was expecting a rank in top 10,\" It was Shubham's first attempt in the medical entrance examination. A student of St Francis College , he scored 97% in his class XII exams this year.Like Shubham, for all medical toppers, Sunday was the 'fun-day' as they celebrated their success with their family and friends. CBSE declared the AIPMT mains results late on Saturday night. Coming out with flying colours, Bitthal Shukla, who secured an all India rank of 475 said, \"My father who is a radiologist, has inspired me to enter into the medical profession. He has been my strength and has helped me achieve my goals.\" Eyeing on admissions in CSMMU, Bitthal said concentrating on NCERT books is the key to success. He has secured 565{+t}{+h} spot in BHU-PMT and has qualified for the interview at Armed Forces Medical College.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13807179", "title": "Veteran freedom fighter Kakkilaya dies at 93", "text": "MANGALORE: Freedom fighter and veteran leader of the Communist Party of India, B V Kakkilaya passed away at a private hospital in the city on Monday. He was 93.He is survived by four sons - Dr Srinivasa Kakkilaya, Dr Venkatakrishna Kakkilaya, Dr Harish Kakkilaya, Dr Suryanarayana. His wife Ahalya died in 1998 after a heart attack.Kakkilaya was suffering multiple age-related diseases from past couple of years. He suffered brain hemorrhage a fortnight back and never recovered.The veteran was honoured with Karl Marx Award for his immense contribution to the Communist movement in the country by the Indian Institute of Marxist Theory and Practice, Dharwad, two years back.Despite his illness, he had taken part in a protest organised by CPI on May 18 demanding justice for Mangalore University student Vittala Malekudiya and his father Linganna Malekudiya, who have been in judicial custody on charges of alleged links with naxalites. This was Kakkilya's last public appearance.Born on June 19, 1919, Vishnu Kakkilaya was the youngest son of Vishnu Kakkilaya and Gangamma. Strangely, he was given the same name as his father's. His father died when the young Vishnu was only three years of age. He had his early education in Kasaragod and then joined St. Aloysius college in Mangalore where he did his graduation in chemistry. He joined the freedom struggle when he was a student, was arrested and imprisoned in 1942 during the Quit India movement. He joined the CPI and was jailed several times. He was a member of the Rajya Sabha between 1952 and 1954 and of the Karnataka Legislative Assembly between 1972 and 1983. He has written several books and has won several awards for his literary works, including the Kannada Sahithya Academy award.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13795942", "title": "Star gazers eagerly await celestial feat", "text": "LUCKNOW: Laxmi has been anxious for the last one week, and is eagerly waiting for the rare celestial event that will take place on June 6. \"No one gets a second chance to see the transit of Venus after all,\" she said sneaking out from her telescope at the Indira Gandhi Planetarium. Like Laxmi, members of the UP Amateur Astronomers Club, are overwhelmed and are anticipating a mega event.For the last two weeks, they are braving the scorching Sun and infuriating summer winds, to learn the handling of telescope so that they are able to capture the transit of Venus to their best. \"There couldn't be anything better than a first hand experience of a celestial event. I pledged to capture all such events after I saw a solar eclipse at the age of 16, when I joined the club,\" said Manoj Gupta, who has been member of the club for the last 6-7 years.Another member, Nidhi who is a fashion designer by profession is waiting to draw inspiration from the transit. \"I believe that the creativity of nature is unique and tends to change with each passing minute. I think I will be able to see this phenomenon on Tuesday,\" she said. Another member, Sakshee Mathur, who shares her feeling with Nidhi, said, \"Venus will appear as a black tiny dot on the Sun's fiery face. It will be amazing.\" Some members are trying to create awareness about this event. \"As most of the people are unaware about it, we are explaining them about the significance of the scientific event and the various methods of observing it,\" said Kunwar Akhilesh Pratap Singh, member of UPAAC. -- Priyangi Agarwal", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "13788912", "title": "Ashvinkumar Mudgal is new collector of Yavatmal", "text": "YAVATMAL: Collector of Yavatmal district Shravan Hardikar has been shifted to Mumbai while the chief executive officer of Sangli Zilla Parishad Ashvinkumar Mudgal has been transferred to Yavatmal as the new collector. Hardikar took charge of Yavatmal on June 3, 2011 and on the same day, after a short span of one year, he has been transferred to Mumbai as the chief executive officer of National Livelihood Mission.Mudgal was the chief executive officer of Sangli Zilla Parishad for two-and-half years. He has now been promoted and posted at Yavatmal. Mudgal is expected to assume charge in couple of days.Reacting to his sudden transfer Hardikar refuted the report that he got himself transferred from Yavatmal as he hails from Mumbai suburb. \"I have not made any attempt to get transferred to Mumbai,\" Hardikar said, adding, \"Government might have taken into account of my previous experience in the National Livelihood Mission, before effecting the transfer.\"He expressed his satisfaction over the co-operation received from all walks of life and said that he has started a number of welfare schemes for the uplift of the debt ridden farmers and the poor among the under privileged and his successor would get them completed to deliver the expected benefit to the target groups.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13794995", "title": "Counselling sessions", "text": "In order to help students and parents overcome post-results stress and anxiety, the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) is conducting its post-result counselling sessions, which will be continuing till June 7. According to Vineet Joshi, chairman, CBSE, counselling is an outreach programme, which is designed, keeping the heterogeneity of students population and the geographical spread in mind. Multiple modes of communication such as telephonic counselling, interactive voice response system (IVRS) and CBSE website will be provided to reach out to a maximum number of examinees.TELE-COUNSELLINGThis helpline service will help and motivate students and answer their post-results queries. The telephonic counselling would be active between 8 am to midnight. \"CBSE's tele-counselling is offered by 50 experts, including principals, trained counsellors from CBSE-affiliated government and private schools and a few psychologists. Around 10 counsellors from outside India, including Japan, Kuwait, Doha-Qatar and Saudi Arabia UAE Khobar are also participating in this programme . It is a voluntary, free of cost service provided by the participants,\" informs Joshi.TOLL FREEFor better accessibility and convenience of students, a toll free number 1800 180 3456 will be functional for CBSE helpline service. Students can dial this toll free number from any part of the country and get in touch with the operator for general queries related to results or with counsellors for one on one telephonic counselling from 8 am to midnight. CBSE has also arranged counselling facility for specially-abled children to take care of their needs and anxiety.IVRS:Interactive Voice Response System CBSE has made an effort to provide telecounselling through Interactive Voice Response System (IVRS) mode, which will be answered on 1800-180-3456 . Techniques to cope with post-result related anxiety are also provided at the CBSE website www.cbse.nic.in by clicking on the icon 'Helpline.'MARKS VERIFICATIONThis year onwards, students can avail of the facility of verification of marks. Candidates can apply for verification to the respective regional offices, once the results are declared. Forms for marks-verification will also be available on the Board's website (www.cbse.nic.in) For urgent verification, students can apply online within five days of the results being declared. It will cost students Rs 300 persubject Rs 200 per subject for the applications received either online or offline within 21 days from the date of declaration of results Modes of receipt of applications and fee will be as under: (i) Online applications with payment through demand draft (ii) Offline application as per past practice All applications received online or offline will be dealt on first come first served basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13790871", "title": "Three murdered over the weekend", "text": "CHENNAI: Three persons were murdered in separate incidents in the city over the weekend.A partner in a garments firm at Periamet was hacked to death by a gang on Saturday night after a quarrel with his relative employed in the firm.Police said the victim, P Neelavannan (36), ran a garments firm in partnership with his brother Nedhi. He had employed his cousin Naresh Kumar (28) of Pulianthope for the past eight months. Since Naresh had been frequently absenting himself from work, Neelavannan refused to pay him salary. Enraged over this, Naresh fought with Neelavannan a day before the crime. On Saturday night, when Neelavannan was going on his bike, the gang came in an auto, hacked him to death and fled the scene.Sources said Neelavannan had planned to attend a temple fest in Tambaram on Saturday but stayed back in the city to put up banners for DMK chief M Karunanidhi's birthday celebrations. Periamet police have registered a case and are on the look-out for Naresh and six others.In another case, a DMDK functionary who protested his wife being harassed was hacked to death by a four-member gang at Ashok Nagar on Sunday.Police said Shiva (33) had an enmity with the gang over parking of private vehicles in an auto stand. A couple of days ago, four men identified as Paandu, Ramesh, Suresh and Prakash teased Shiva's wife. When Shiva questioned this, they assaulted him, police said. On Sunday, the four gained entry into Shiva's house when he was sleeping and hacked him to death and fled the scene.In another murder borne out of a drunken brawl on Sunday, Krishna Kumar (35), a welder, was beaten to death in his room in Medavakkam. Krishna Kumar and his friend Ashok Kumar were staying together in a rented room. During a quarrel between the two, Ashok attacked him with a log and fled the scene.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13788896", "title": "Youth helps cops nab thieves", "text": "NAGPUR: Despite being seriously injured, a youth noted down the bike number of two youths who had injured and robbed him. This quick thinking helped police to nab the thieves who had fled with Dhantoli resident Neeraj Tiknayak's cell phone. Ashish Niswade, a resident of Trisharan Nagar, and Parvati Nagar resident Sachin Gupta, both 19 years old, were arrested by Ganeshpeth police on Saturday. Niswade owns a juice stall and Gupta works with a pani puri stall owner.The incident took place on May 31 when Tiknayak was talking on his cell phone near Dhantoli overbridge. The two drunk youths came on a bike and hit Neeraj with brick on his head and snatched away his cell phone.Though bleeding profusely, Tiknayak noted down the bike number and lodged a complaint at Ganeshpeth police station. The cops broadcast the bike number on air which was noted by Ganeshpeth police.Cops immediately sent the bike's registration number sent to RTO and find out the owner's name and address. However, before police reached their addresses, Gupta and Niswade had fled from the house.Cops learnt that they had fled to Varul and hence a team of Ganeshpeth police laid a trap there. But again, the youths slipped away.Later, on Saturday, on being tipped off, cops nabbed Niswade and Gupta from Dhantoli garden. Police are still investigating about their past criminal records.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13790340", "title": "Now, Ranbir Kapoor summoned for public smoking", "text": "JAIPUR: A few weeks after Shah Rukh Khan was found smoking at a stadium during an IPL match in Jaipur, it was the turn of another actor, Ranbir Kapoor, to get involved in a similar controversy.Following a complaint filed on Friday, a court in Udaipur has summoned Kapoor on June 26 for violating Rajasthan Prevention of Smoking Act.Ranbir and co-star Deepika Padukone were shooting for Yeh Jawani Hai Diwani in Udaipur recently. Some vernacular dailies published photos of him smoking in public on May 28. However, Kapoor, after wrapping up his work, flew to Mumbai on Friday.Later, spotting the picture published last week, one Harish Vaishnav lodged a complaint under CrPC Section (156(3) at a local court in Udaipur. Following the complaint, it summoned Ranbir Kapoor to be present in the court on June 26.\"A copy of the summons reached us on Saturday evening. He is being booked for violation of Section 5 of Rajasthan Prevention of Smoking Act. Our personnel will visit the actor in Mumbai next week to hand over the summons to him,\" said Harendra Singh, incharge, Ghanta Ghar police station.Earlier on May 26, Shah Rukh Khan pleaded guilty to smoking at SMS stadium in Jaipur during an IPL match last month. In this case, a local court has fixed June 21 as the next date of hearing.As per the Rajasthan Prevention of Smoking Act, a person found guilty of smoking in public can be sentenced to a maximum imprisonment of six months or a fine of Rs 200.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13791611", "title": "Rumour mills active over Raj Bhavan's likely move", "text": "PATNA: The killing of Ranvir Sena founder Brahmeshwar Singh on Friday morning at Ara and subsequent vandalism by his diehard supporters both at Ara and Patna has now spawned hyper political speculation of a different kind.The speculation is that governor Devanand Konwar is seeking a detailed report from the state government on its handling of the two-day violence by it. Incidentally, Konwar returned from Delhi on Sunday afternoon, ending his eight-day journey to the country's capital.Soon after his return, he was closeted with his principal secretary Afzal Amanullah for around 15 minutes, Raj Bhavan sources said, adding that the governor then left his chamber for siesta. Interestingly, on Friday, Amanullah had sought from chief secretary and DGP Abhayanand a report on the killing of Brahmeshwar. Curiously, the speculation regarding his seeking a detailed report from the state government started doing the rounds here even when the governor was in Delhi.The grapevine had it that the governor is likely to convene a meeting of senior state government officials to discuss the situation at Ara and in adjoining eight districts on Friday, and also at Patna on Saturday. It also said that the governor, after briefing by the officials, could prepare a detailed report on the situation in the state.The Raj Bhavan sources, however, scoffed at it. \"It is all rumour. It has no basis,\" said a Raj Bhavan source. The general impression among the Raj Bhavan officials was that \"Mahamahim normal hain. Kahin kuchh nahin hai (The governor is not hyper concerned. There is nothing that is being talked about).\"The ring of speculation is also over the state police headquarters. Its origin lies in the criticism of the handling of the situation by state DGP Abhayanand. He, in the first place, is being accused of committing a serious strategic error in allowing the cremation of Brahmeshwar to be performed at the bank of the Ganga, 55-km away from Ara, and then not anticipating the worst regarding the mob's instinct. He has been blamed for not putting into place immaculate police bandobast to tackle the violent situation that actually unfolded in Patna. The catch, however, is that such a criticism, if stretched, can take into its net the state government itself.As if aware of it, state BJP chief and Rajya Sabha member Dr C P Thakur, accompanied by animal husbandry and fisheries resources minister Giriraj Singh and two MLAs, including Anil Kumar , on Sunday hailed DGP Abhayanand's handling of the situation. \"The performance of DGP Abhayanand is admirable,\" Dr Thakur, duly endorsed by Singh, said.They also said the government should not have any problem in recommending CBI inquiry into the killing of Brahmeshwar Singh, if his family members so demand. Besides, Dr Thakur said the government should immediately provide police security to Kumar Indubhushan, mukhiya of Khopira Panchayat and younger son of Brahmeshwar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13796775", "title": "Student speak", "text": "Surabhi Mall LSR, Final YearI am studying economics (Honours ) at LSR College. I had science with economics in +2 and I have liked the subject since then. Since I was not interested in engineering or medicine, I decided to pursue economics in college. The subject gives students an insight into day-to-day economic affairs at home, in the country and around the world. These days, a lot of contemporary topics like public economy, international economy, development economics, etc, are part of the syllabus, which makes students aware of the global economic scenario. I find development economics the most interesting subject and I want to pursue Master's in this field. In India, development economics is an emerging sector, both in academics as well as the industry.Gaurav Agarwal SRCC, Final YearIam pursuing BCom (Honours) with marketing and finance as the concurrent papers. While studying the subject for almost three years, I believe commerce as a stream opens up opportunities for students, enabling them to launch their own start-ups .Charu Bansal Janki Devi Memorial College, Second YearSince I always liked playing with numbers, I had decided much before college that I will pursue commerce at the undergraduate level. Unlike other subjects like physics or chemistry (Honours), studying BCom (Honours ) makes students specialise in the fields that are relevant to business. The subject makes us aware of the tactics and functioning of trade in the corporate world. Of all the subjects within the stream, accounting is my favourite. Also, commerce graduates have good placement prospects, right after graduation. Nowadays, finance is an emerging area and many students opt for an MBA in finance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13790505", "title": "Information hidden despite rulings", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Central Information Commission (CIC) and Gujarat Information Commission (GIC) rulings have deemed that facts pertaining to salaries and qualification of government personnel belong to the public domain - yet, people are still being denied access.In several cases in the state, public information officers (PIOs) have interpreted such details as being 'third-party information'.The latest victim happens to be a middle-aged woman, Bhavna Patel of Shahibaug, who has been demanding for four years - under the RTI Act - the salary slip of her husband who serves with the Indian Railways. Bhavna is fighting for a revision in maintenance compensation in the family court and needs the salary slip to make that claim. \"I receive Rs 600 and my 18-year-old son receives Rs 1,900 from his father as maintenance,\" Bhavna said. \"My husband earns between Rs 25,000 and Rs 30,000 and the court fixes a specific maintenance amount based on the salary.\" She and her son Yash Diwakar were shocked when the public information officer M R A Mirza replied that the information pertained to a 'third party'.\"After we appealed to central information commissioner Annapurna Dixit, the railways sent a letter which claimed to have an annexure consisting of my father's salary slip,\" Diwakar said. \"The letter had no such thing. We have already filed a complaint with the CIC. It's a cruel joke.\"Public agencies are under obligation to reveal their employees' salaries, CIC has ruled in a case involving Punjab National Bank zonal office in Uttaranchal. \"Under section 4 of the RTI Act, the public authority must not only provide a directory of its officials to public but also the amount of remuneration given to them,\" central information commissioner M M Ansari had ruled. \"The information should be published and put on the departmental website.\"In Gujarat, there have been five instances of PIOs denying salary details of government functionaries, said Mahiti Adhikar Gujarat Pehel co-ordinator Pankti Jog. \"These functionaries are paid from public coffers. Not only salaries but qualification of officers too is public information,\" Jog said. For instance, in the Dinesh Anajwala versus Surat Municipal Corporation case of October 2008, former Gujarat chief information commissioner R N Das ruled, \"Before the selection and assumption of charge of the government post, the person is a private person and copies of his marksheets and any information furnished by him to the selection committee is personal information. However, once the person has become a public servant, the nature of that information can no longer be treated as entirely and purely personal.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13789086", "title": "Dwarka residents team up to revive dying pond", "text": "NEW DELHI: It was camaraderie at its best. Neighbours who never knew one another joined hands for Mother Nature. There was once a pond in their midst that teemed with life. Today, muck and filth has sucked out life from it, almost. It's drying up. And the Dwarka Sector 23 residents went all out to save it on Sunday.Some of them lived in apartments; others came from the nearby Pochanpur village. They started desilting the pond with spades after authorities did not heed to their call for giving the pond a shot of life. The pond that today looks more like a puddle used to be called 'Naya Jhor' by villagers. They say it was very deep and the water so clear that people could drink from it. After DDA acquired the land in 1984, the pond was gradually buried; sewage from nearby apartments was also discharged into it.Two huge Peepal and Banyan trees still stand by the pond creating a wide canopy. \"This park used to be our grazing ground and people would rest under the trees. They would take a dip in the pond and even drink the clean water. Every monsoon the pond would fill up. After the apartments started coming up, the pond gradually dried out,\" says Chandrabhan Sherawat, a resident.The pradhan of the village, Sultan Pradhan (90) adds: \"Our children can't swim because there is no water body here anymore. It's so hot and water quality so bad because there is no ground water recharge in the area.\" The villagers say that the pond is over 200 years old.Residents of Sector 23 and 22, have sent a letter to the chief engineer of DDA in Dwarka drawing his attention to the condition of the pond but they are yet to receive a favourable response. \"The roots of these old trees were exposed when we came here. We got the DDA to put loose soil and cover them up so that at least the trees are secure. Now we are desilting the floor of the pond which will take some time unless we get help from authorities. We want to preserve the catchment of this pond so that the pond acts as a good recharge system,\" said Diwan Singh, another resident.It's not going to be an immediate makeover though. In fact it many take many monsoons for the pond to fill up with water. After desilting the soft clay within will completely absorb the rain water this year and recharge the ground water to some extent.\"In Delhi we have lost the culture of being connected to the environment. Everyday we hear about water shortage but rarely people do something about it. This effort by Dwarka residents will help rejuvenate the pond but it will take some time,\" says ecologist and advisor to Delhi Jal Board, Vikarm Soni who also joined the residents and gave them advice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13771894", "title": "Dandekar's Big B Moment!", "text": "Dandekar, as a television show host, has interviewed numerous celebrities herself. But one interview that she just cannot forget is that of megastar Amitabh Bachchan , with whom she went on to share screen space in Viruddh.Says Anusha, \"Nothing can get bigger and better than an interview with Amitabh Bachchan! I was pretty nervous before the interview started. But what made the interview a lot of fun was that he kept sharing little known facts about himself on the show, like how he loves sleeping in his favorite pyjamas and stuff like that! It was a very light-hearted chat with one of the biggest stars of Indian cinema, and I will always cherish that. Big B is just amazing.\"She adds, \"Also, the best compliment that I have got till now as a presenter came from Arjun Rampal . In his early days, he used to be a very shy fellow and hated giving interviews. Given how handsome he is, I should have been blushing while interviewing him but it was the other way around! But once it was over, he told me that I can make people feel at ease. I was over the moon when he said that!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13791645", "title": "'Pimpri-Chinchwad autos should charge by meter'", "text": "PUNE: Pimpri-Chinchwad citizens have demanded that autorickshaws should charge fares by meters. The traffic police have also promised to take action if citizens file complaints in this regard.The issue of autorickshaw drivers not charging fares by meter was raised by citizens at a meeting organised by the traffic police to get suggestions from people regarding traffic problems in Pimpri on Saturday. Members of auto unions who were also present for the meeting countered that not all autorickhaw drivers demand exorbitant fares. They also said that because areas in Pimpri-Chinchwad are far from each other, it is not possible for autorickshaw drivers to always ply by meters.Deputy commissioner of police (traffic) Vishwas Pandhre, who conducted the meeting, said that while citizens should complaints to the traffic branch, the issue, he said could be discussed separately.Ramesh Sardesai of the Grahak Panchayat and other citizens said that auto operators should charge fares by meters. Bapu Bhave representing the autorickshaw union said that in suburban areas, auto drivers mostly do not charge meter fares. \"The areas in Pimpri-Chinchwad are spread far and wide. If an autorickshaw driver gets a passenger for MIDC area, the driver is often unable to get a return passenger,\" he claimed.He said that 'share an auto' scheme should be implemented in Pimpri-Chinchwad. The transport authorities have allotted 16 routes for the same, he added. As the discussion began heating up, Pandhre said that the issue would be discussed separately. He, however, said that citizens can call the traffic control room or report the plaint to the nearest traffic personnel.Meanwhile, several citizens came out with complaints about rash driving by youngsters near colleges in Akurdi, Pradhikaran and other areas. Senior citizens said they stand at risk. Citizens also complained about state transport buses not using the service road along the highway stretch. The buses halt on the highway causing traffic problems, they added.The fourth meeting of the traffic officials with citizens on traffic issues will be held on Monday at the Turf Club, Race Course at 5.30 pm.Traffic problems in the areas of Wanowrie, Kondhwa, Airport, Hadapsar, Yerwada, Vishrantwadi and Mundhwa will be discussed at the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13794721", "title": "Business workshop", "text": "CAPSIM Management Simulations Inc US announces its next CAPSTONE Business Simulation Strategy Workshop from June 21-23 at ICRISAT, Hyderabad. The programme would expose participants to business strategy development and role of market and customer variables. Participants must own a business and make decisions in the areas of marketing, finance, HR, production, TQM and R&amp;D.; The programme is designed for heads of business units, functions, strategic planning, and CEOs of single business organisations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13792398", "title": "Now, victims of atrocities can claim compensation", "text": "MANGALORE: Victims of atrocities can claim compensation as per the Karnataka Victims' Compensation Scheme, according to Abhishek Goyal, superintendent of police, Dakshina Kannada district. Announcing this at the monthly SC/ST grievance meeting held here on Sunday, Abhishek said though the scheme was formulated in 2011, it was being implemented now. Under the scheme, compensation could be claimed for as many as 30 types of offences including murder, rape, assault, manslaughter, dowry death, and sexual harassment, barring cases of accidents and robbery, through Legal Services Authority. The compensation amount ranges from Rs 10,000 to Rs 2 lakh. Victims cannot claim compensation if the accused are traced. Regarding re-investigating the case of Shivappa Bangera, a Mangalore University employee murdered in 2001, Goyal said that reopening of the case would need proof to convince the court. \"If there is any proof or evidence which is worth enough to reopen the case,we will pursue the matter,\" he said replying to a demand of Ambedkar Pratishthana state president Shivappa Renkedaguttu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13790436", "title": "Industrialists oppose power tariff hike proposal", "text": "NOIDA: The SP government's proposal to increase power tariff for commercial and industrial users has been met with stiff opposition from industrialists in Noida. The industrialists have exhorted the government to not revise tariff, especially at a time when they six-hour-long outages daily, as it would further hit industrial output.The Uttar Pradesh government had last week proposed a 25-30% hike for commercial and industrial users. The power department has sent the proposal to the Uttar Pradesh Electricity Regulatory Commission (UPERC) for approval, citing losses to the tune of Rs 25,000 crore and a hiatus of around three years since the tariff was last revised.Though the final decision would be taken only after a nod from UPERC, industrialists, who anticipate increased production costs if at all tariff is hiked, have demanded that the proposal be withdrawn.\"At a time when industries in UP are going through a rough patch for various reasons, including the absence of a conducive tax regime, hike in electricity costs would be the last nail in the coffin,\" said president of Noida Entreprenuers' Association, Vipin Malhan.\"The country's GDP has hit a low of 5.3% and poor industrial output is a major reason for this. Instead of hiking tariff, the government should bring in new schemes to bolster industrial growth,\" he added.NEA also shot off a letter to chief minister Akhilesh Yadav, detailing its objections to the proposed hike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "kodaikanal", "code": "13793820", "title": "Kodaikanal tense after Mother Mary's statue found dumped in canal", "text": "KODAIKANAL: A statue of Mother Mary in a grotto at Kodaikanal was found removed and dumped along a canal creating tension in the locality.Police said that the two-feet high statue at Carmelpuram was not damaged, but was removed by some miscreants on Saturday night. But the glass case in the grotto was damaged. \"Efforts are on to install the statue again. There is absolute normalcy now,\" said a police official. Police ruled out any communal motive for the desecration of the statue. \"Kodaikanal has no history of communal enmity. We suspect that it was the handiwork of some miscreants, possibility due to personal enmity,\" said the officer. The grotto was about 100 metres away from the Mother Mary church in the town limits, police said.Police said that the incident could have happened after midnight. Since the streets would be deserted by 9pm due to cold climate, none of the residents in the locality had seen the incident or the miscreants removing the statue.Only on Sunday morning when the public started gathering at the church for the mass, they found the grotto damaged. The shocked public immediately informed the priests who inspected the grotto and lodged a complaint with the police. Meanwhile, public spotted the statue along the bank of a jungle stream in the same locality.When police visited the spot to conduct investigation, the public besieged them and entered into a heated argument alleging that this was not the first time that statues in grottos were damaged. Two years back, a decade-old statue went missing and was never found again in the same locality. In 2008 too, a grotto was damaged. \"We had arrested one person at that time. He had confessed that he did it due to personal enmity with the person living close to the grotto. This time too, we feel that similar will be the case,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13790617", "title": "No nuptials on Sunday mornings: Church", "text": "KOCHI: The faithful should refrain from conducting marriages on Sunday mornings so that that it does not affect the catechism classes, said a circular read out in churches under Ernakulam-Angamaly Archdiocese on Sunday.The pastoral letter by Cardinal George Alencherry that was read during the Sunday homily reminded that faithful can conduct marriages after 12 noon on Sundays. A video of the same was also shown in a few churches in between the mass.The pastoral council members of the archdiocese had discussed the issue in a meeting convened earlier. Though the marriages are blessed after 12 noon, the circular observed that it was somehow affecting the catechism classes. This is because children have not been attending the classes as the families prepare for attending the wedding which is held post-Sunday school.During one of their meetings way back in 2009, the Kerala Catholic Bishops Council (KCBC) had asked the faithful to avoid conducting marriages on Sundays and curtail extravaganza at weddings. Many catholic religious organizations including the Kerala Latin Catholic Association (KLCA) had opposed the decision.An official spokesperson of the archdiocese said the church had already directed the faithful about avoiding marriages on Sundays.\"Today's mention of marriages on Sundays was just a reminder of the old directive as a fresh academic year of catechism has begun,\" he said. The pastoral letter of the archbishop was read out when the catechism classes reopened after the summer holidays.A CD containing the message of the cardinal was also distributed among the catechism students.The faithful should refrain from conducting marriages on Sundays in such a way that it would affect the Sunday school or catechism classes, said a circular read out in churches under Ernakulam - Angamaly Archdiocese on Sunday. The pastoral letter by Cardinal George Alencherry that was read in between the Sunday homily reminded that faithful can conduct marriages after 12 noon.The pastoral council members of the Archdiocese had discussed these issues in meeting convened some time ago. Though the marriages are blessed after 12 noon, the circular observed that it wa somehow affecting the catechism class as children were not attending the classes with the family readying for attending the wedding which was happening post-Sunday school.During one of their meetings way back in 2009, the Kerala Catholic Bishops Council (KCBC) had asked the faithful to avoid conducting marriages on Sundays and curtail extravaganza at weddings. Following this, many catholic religious organisations including Kerala Latin Catholic Association (KLCA) had opposed the decision to discourage weddings on Sundays.An official spokesperson of the Archdiocese said that the church had already directed the faithful about avoiding marriages on Sundays. \"Today's mention of marriages on Sundays was just a reminder of the old directive as a fresh academic year of catechism has begun,\" he said. The pastoral letter of the Archbishop was read out when the catechism classes reopened after the summer holidays. A CD containing the message of the Cardinal was also distributed among the Sunday school students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13791275", "title": "Motherhood on hold, career fast forward", "text": "PUNE: Marriages may no longer be as popular now, what with more and more women, especially in urban India, choosing career over family and eventual motherhood. According to a recent study by the Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India (Assocham), a majority of young working women in urban India are shying away from starting a family. Their reasons range from career and professional ambitions to maintaining their physical appearance.In the survey, carried out under the aegis of the Assocham Social Development Foundation, women between the age of 24 and 30 years from cities such as Pune, Ahmedabad, Bangalore, Chennai, Delhi, Hyderabad, Kolkata and Mumbai were covered. More than half the respondents said they shelved motherhood plans as they are concentrating on their career and academics. Some even cited reasons like they are too young to be mothers, or they are worried about 'ruining' their physical appearance.The report of the survey, conducted during March-April, was released recently.Said Maitreyi Bankar, human resource head of a city-based BPO: \"I was just starting out in my career when I got married. Had I opted for motherhood then, it would have been difficult to fight my way to the top. One has to make sacrifices. Also, I did not want to give up on my social life.\"In a statement, D S Rawat, secretary general of Assocham, said, \"Ambitious working women in India are not willing to give up their career for the sake of family, as they are apprehensive about dealing with stress and emotional distress associated with issues of work-life balance.\"Smita Gupta, employee of a private bank, said, \"It's been three years since I got married. I did not opt for motherhood as I'm apprehensive about it ruining my physical appearance. Besides, to give a child a quality life, a certain amount of finances are required. So, for now, it's just career for the next two-three years.\"Smita's mother Dhanashri Aggarwal, however, counsels: \"These days no one is in a hurry to be a mother. After a few years, these women would no longer be so young. Then they would want a baby, but it might be too late. Everything has a proper time.\"It's not just working women who are turning down motherhood. According to the survey, even homemakers are not always willing to begin a family. Some said bringing up children along with household chores is asking too much. Some respondents even say they regret not having enough skills to work professionally, as they feel two incomes in a family will make things easier.A few respondents who opted to have babies went so far as to say that they regret motherhood as they feel they have lost their social identity.Sociologist Usha Bambavle said, \"Whether or not to start a family is purely a personal choice. One should only have a baby if there's enough commitment involved. You should be able to enjoy your baby. If there are too many distractions, then it's best to wait or not have a baby at all. But, I think it is stupid to stay away from motherhood because it will apparently ruin physical appearance.\"Skyrocketing cost of living is another reason for not planning a family. Respondents said that it is nearly impossible to be a stay-at-home mother and it puts a burden on the family finances. As Smita said, \"Even if I want to follow my mother's advice, the truth is I simply do not have the money to bring up a kid right now. The moment I think I've saved enough, prices skyrocket again.\"Dhanashri added, \"This is a dangerous trend. If you have kids late, then by the time they turn 18, the father retires. And, there is a huge generation gap. One needs to be young to be a friend to the child.\"Gynaecologist Meeta Nakhare said, \"Biologically, the best time to have a baby is between 26 and 32. After that the egg becomes 'stale', and the baby might have a problem later on. For example, after 35 the possibility of Down syndrome in the baby shoots up by one in 250. Besides, women who go in for motherhood late also come under a lot of pressure. Motherhood is all about adaptability, and a woman who is in her 30s is used to a certain kind of life and less open to adaptability. Plus, there is the risk of a complicated pregnancy. Women often suffer from pregnancy-related diabetes or hypertension. Natural labour, too, is not very common in late pregnancies.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13791135", "title": "Mogappair sewage problem to get worse during rain", "text": "CHENNAI: At Mogappair West, sewage is a severe problem for hundreds of residents.Come monsoon, many of their stretches will be inundated with sewage water because of the absence of an underground sewage system. Residents fear that their underground water is becoming contaminated because of the sewage overflowing from septic tanks.Residents allege that the construction of underground sewage system in the Vellala Street, Karnan Street and Sathalwar Street is getting delayed due to the negligence of the Metrowater officials. \"We are paying nearly Rs 40,000 per month for clearing the sewage from our apartment,\" said M Vijayakumar, a resident of the area.They said the issue will worsen during the monsoon. \"When it rains, the private agency involved in removing the sewage will hike their rates. Presently, we are using two lorries per day to remove the sewage from one apartment while paying Rs 650 per lorry,\" said Vijayakumar. There are nearly 110 families residing in 15 apartments and they face severe problem because of the overflowing sewage.\"If the private contractors fail to visit this place, then all the stretches will be inundated with sewage water. We have filed several complaints to the Metrowater officials, but the drainage system is yet to be placed,\" said R Ranganathan, president of Arwin Gardens flats owners welfare association.The resident's association had approached the Madras high court and also used RTI to speed up the project. The high court had instructed Metrowater to execute the project. Residents, however, allege that the project is getting held up.Metrowater officials said the problem would be resolved soon. \"Earlier, these areas were not included under the comprehensive scheme for providing water and sewage facilities. Based on the petition from the residents, we have decided to extend the sewage connection to these areas. The works are expected to completed by this September,\" said a senior official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "kishanganj", "code": "13792065", "title": "Ball in Centre\u2019s court: Nitish Kumar on Aligarh Muslim University", "text": "KISHANGANJ: \"I am now fully contented and bow before the land that my government has given away for establishment of Aligarh Muslim University (AMU) unit in Kishanganj, which is yet to develop in terms of education. It will soon become a centre of higher education,\" said chief minister Nitish Kumar , as he began the first leg of his three-day Seva Yatra to Kishanganj district on Sunday.Nitish choosing to begin his Seva Yatra with a visit to the AMU site did not only score points and wowed the predominantly-Muslim constituency in the district, but also assailed the Centre for the delay in allocating funds for it. \"We have fulfilled our commitment by transferring the land to AMU, and the ball is now in the Centre's court,\" he said at the site at Chakla on Sunday.Congress MP Asrarul Haq and Kochadhaman RJD MLA Akhtar-ul-Iman, who spearheaded the movement for the transfer of land to the AMU, came forward to greet the CM at the site and complimented him.\"We have fulfilled our commitment by transferring the land to the AMU. We will pull all the stops for the establishment of AMU in Kishanganj and even put pressure on the Union HRD ministry,\" said the, who is already in disagreement with Union HRD minister Kapil Sibal on the issue of Central University.He indicated that a team of top officials will soon proceed to AMU and expedite the process for establishment of the Kishanganj unit.Nitish, however, evaded questions on the in Patna and elsewhere in the wake of killing of Ranvir Sena founder Brahmeshwar Singh alias Mukhiyaji and walked away.However, the CM, addressing a huge crowd at Locha under Terhagachh block thundered that those trying to foment trouble and disrupt peace will not be spared at any cost and asked the people to maintain peace and harmony across the state.\"It is strange that while some people are desperate to rake up caste issues and other petty sentiments, when the state is surging ahead,\" the CM said and added the state's growth and prosperity will never be allowed to be hindered.He, however, did not mention any name or even mentioned the orgy of violence unleashed by the supporters of slain Mukhiyaji on the streets of Patna on Saturday.Prominent among those who accompanied the CM were water resources minister Vijay Kumar Chaudhury, energy minister Bijendra Prasad Yadav and education minister P K Shahi, principal secretary, education department, Anjani Kumar Singh, principal secretary, revenue and land reforms C Ashokvardhan and development commissioner Ashok Kumar Sinha. Soon after fulfilling what he called his cherished dream to visit AMU's proposed site, the CM, spurred by Purnia commissioner Brajesh Mehrotra, suddenly decided to oversee a 350 acre plot at Arabari, some 15 km from Kishanganj on Kishanganj-Thakurganj road, which was once offered as an alternative site for the AMU.The CM then flew in a chopper and made a ground reality check on the progress of a bridge at Locha and aerial survey of progress of screw pile bridge at Lodhahat, both under Terhagachh block in a bid to redeem the pledge made on the eve of the last assembly polls. He also took time off from the overpacked programme to have an interface with the teachers at Al-Hasan Madarsa at Padampur under Dighalbank block.He also acquainted himself with the pineapple cultivation mechanism at Churli panchayat under Thakurganj block, which has opened up new opportunities for the farmers.\"The pineapple cultivation, which yields Rs 3.6 lakh to Rs 4.2 lakh against an investment of Rs 1.2 to Rs 1.5 lakh per acre, is rapidly catching the imagination of the local farmers as the climatic conditions suit its cultivation,\" explained a senior farm official on the spot.The nature was also benign as the sky remained slightly overcast in the morning and there was some rainfall, though scanty, in some parts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13792800", "title": "Pinarayi invites Mahasweta Devi to his house in Kannur", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: CPM state secretary Pinarayi Vijayan has invited Jnanapith award winner Mahasweta Devi to visit his home at Pinarayi in Kannur.In an open letter sent to Mahasweta Devi on Sunday, Vijayan said the doors of his modest house will be open on any day to receive her. Vijayan's letter was a reply to the open letter penned by Mahasweta Devi two days ago. In that letter, she said she had heard fairy tales about the mansion of Pinarayi Vijayan, which was unreachable for ordinary party workers.\"My house is not a mansion nor is its doors closed to anyone. I have renovated the house with the party's permission. It is in my native village and not in an island off the sea. I invite you to the house so that you can see for yourself\", Vijayan said in the reply.He also tried to correct Mahasweta Devi's remarks against M M Mani. \"I read you describing Mani as an uncivilized and ugly character. He might not have refined manners. As a person who had worked among tribals, you could have understood that well,\" said Pinarayi.The CPM state secretary also informed Mahasweta Devi that the party did not have any role in the murder of T P Chandrasekharan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13787964", "title": "TCS, Infosys, Wipro vie for e-governance overhaul pie", "text": "NEW DELHI: MCA21, the government's ambitious e-governance programme for India Inc, is all set for an overhaul as the ministry of corporate affairs works on the next-generation version at a time when it faces increasing risks of corporate frauds. A host of top IT companies like TCS, Infosys and Wipro are believed to be vying for the prestigious project, which is estimated to have a budget of hundreds of crores of rupees.Corporate affairs minister Veerappa Moily said that bids have already been called for the second phase of MCA21 and a decision will be taken soon. \"We want to take this forward as early as possible,\" Moily told TOI here at a time when the ministry has sent the Rs 870-crore Reebok fraud case to the Serious Fraud Investigation Office (SFIO).Moily said the thrust in the revamp of MCA21 will be on making the system more vigilant so that suspect activities of corporates could be tracked as early as possible. \"The idea is to roll out the next set of reforms. The focus will be to make the whole system transparent and make it a tool that acts as an early warning system against frauds,\" he said.The MCA21 programme was initiated in 2006 and the thrust of the e-activity was to start the adoption of secure electronic filing (e-Filing) for all the services provided by the Registrar of Companies (ROC), including incorporation of a company, annual filing, registration of charges and other event-based filings.The project, which saw a reduction in time-consuming paperwork, cost the government upwards of Rs 300 crore. While the cost of the upgrade is not yet confirmed, sources say it could be in the same order, or even higher.The government feels that a greater thrust on computerization in regular corporate filings will give it enough scope to keep a check on illegal or lax activities by companies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13790451", "title": "Dhobi ghat dry-cleaned into laundry unit", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The feverish pace at which the Sabarmati riverfront is coming up one always wondered the fate of the rigorous washing rituals of the Dhobi Ghats of the Sabarmati river. This was the place where once the famous French photojournalist Henri Cartier Bresson had spent hours shooting men and women at the ghats engaged in washing clothes.But these open laundries would be short lived. The Sabarmati riverfront development corporation limited (SRFDCL) has mooted a plan to construct a 'modern laundry' near Ambedkar bridge. This will be a complex where a number of people engaged in laundry business can set up shops. Whether the SRFDCL will sell, rent out the place to existing laundrymen of the Ghats is yet top be seen. One such the modern laundry is being constructed for traditional washermen in Bangalore in Brindavan Nagar.The complex will be designed in such a way that at later stage washing machines can be installed in the complex. The complex will have tiers or levels on its roof where those in the laundry business can dry clothes. Provisions for various types of wash will also be available at the complex. \"In traditional practice a lot of space goes into drying clothes as they are spread on the river bank. This complex will optimize the space for drying clothes,\" says a senior SRFDCL official.The officer also told TOI that provisions for driers and hydro extractors will also be made in the new building. \"We are trying to work an economic model for these laundrymen and how they can integrate modern equipment in their washing business. The shift will not be a problem for these washermen,\" claims the SRFDCL officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13795673", "title": "Conservation panel has 'no heritage representation'", "text": "PANAJI: The state government has reconstituted the conservation committee as per the provisions Goa land development and building construction regulations, 2010, but activists said it was loaded with government officials and no representation was given to heritage bodies.The 13-member panel is headed by chief minister Manohar Parrikar , as the town and country planning (TCP) minister, while the chief secretary is the vice-chairman. It seeks to replace the earlier plan, which was formed in 2010.The chief town planner, S T Puttaraju, is the member secretary. The other government official members are secretary (TCP), chief architect, PWD, superintending archaeologist of archaeological survey of India (ASI), Goa circle and director of state achieves and archaeology.The committee also includes nominees of Indian institute of architects (Goa chapter), institution of engineers (Goa state centre), institute of town planners (Goa regional chapter, confederation of real estate developers association of India (CREDAI) Goa, as members.Two government city-based nominees, architect, Armenio Ribeiro and engineer Viresh Nadkarni, are also included as members. \"But no representation is given, as in the past few years, to any heritage bodies or some conservation expert,\" an activist said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13791701", "title": "Environment decisions must be taken at the local level, says Madhav Gadgil", "text": "PUNE: Senior environmentalist and member of the national advisory council, Madhav Gadgil on Sunday said that environment-related decisions should be taken at the local level, primarily by the gramsabhas. Such decisions would be more practical and can be smoothly implemented, rather than decisions taken by people at remotely located states or national capitals who are hardly aware of the local situations.He was speaking on the topic 'nurturing Western Ghats towards a new paradigm' here on Sunday. Gadgil headed the Western Ghat Ecology Expert Panel and has submitted a report about the current projects and measures for its conservation. The Ghats are known for its rich biodiversity and natural resources. Over the few years, increased mining activities, erection of windmills and forest encroachments have threatened the existence of the ecosystem.Commenting over the report and issues that need to be addressed on priority, Gadgil said, \"The details regarding the biodiversity, natural resources, wildlife and the local life and its connection with the forest resources is not always known at the top.\"The Goa government has come up with a Regional Plan 2021, where a detailed report of every village is prepared with the decision of the gramsabha about their expectations of growth and development. Despite a few errors, this Plan and consent of local bodies is working out, he said.Gadgil said, \"I have observed that villagers have better information about their natural resources. Hence, the decision making procedure should include the gramsabhas, where the villagers will take the final call. Another fault in the governance is permission for a project is given on a case to case basis. When more than one project is under implementation in a locality, it generates huge pressure on infrastructure and the cumulative impact is not measured. If the authorities assess the cumulative impact, it would help in environment conservation.\"Panel recommendationsThe Gadgil Panel has recommended that the report be translated in local languages such as Marathi, Konkani and Kannada among others so that more people will understand it. He further added that the translation should not be done using government jargons, which makes it difficult to understand. The report should be available in simple, layman's language.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13795326", "title": "Monsoon could be a week away", "text": "PANAJI: Goa can expect the monsoon to hit in a week's time. With conditions becoming favourable for the advance of the monsoon over Kerala in the next two days, Goa is poised to receive some showers in the next few days.\"The monsoon may hit the state by June 10, given the present conditions,\" meteorological department director K V Singh said. \"It largely depends on the strength of the current in Kerala,\" he added. Though it takes, on an average, a week for the monsoon to advance over Goa, it is faster in case of a more powerful current.Panaji and its surroundings did not receive any pre-monsoon showers in May. \"The delay in the advance of the monsoon over Kerala has also delayed consequently the pre-monsoon showers in the state,\" Singh said.The mercury shot up to 35.5 degrees celsius on Sunday coupled with a humidity level of 85%, after a higher night temperature of 26.8 degrees celsius was recorded. People experienced the difference in the weather after a rather pleasant summer. The highest temperature this summer was 36.3 degrees celsius on April 22.The rise in humidity levels on Sunday was due to the sparse rain during the preceding night. Panaji recorded 1mm of rainfall. \"There was not much of cloud cover on Sunday, hence the temperature also showed an increase,\" Singh said.He added that the state will experience some thunder showers during the next 24 hours. It was raining late Sunday night in Panaji.The maximum temperature had risen to 34.7 degrees celsius on Friday, though it subsided a little touching 34.4 degrees celsius on Saturday.Humidity levels have, however, been on the higher side since Friday. The recorded humidity was 83% in the morning and 63% in the evening on June 1, 81% and 69% respectively on June 2 and 83% and 65% respectively on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13792253", "title": "Prabhu Dev hits back at UR Ananthamurthy", "text": "BANGALORE: Jnanpith awardee-author UR Ananthamurthy's observation that no medical expert should be made the vice-chancellor of any university has evoked a sharp response from Dr N Prabhu Dev, vice-chancellor of Bangalore University and cardiologist by profession.In an open letter to Ananthamurthy on Sunday, Prabhu Dev said he was \"as much more shocked at your angry outbursts against me than my shock at your silence on the academic values in the universities\".\"All that I said was that I expected a response from you on the issue of plagiarism and PhD degrees. Instead you have attacked my appointment as vice-chancellor of this university. It only shows the depth of your animosity and contempt towards me for occupying this post. Yes I take it as a blessing,\" Prabhu Dev wrote.\"Your considered views on who should become the vice-chancellor are highly appreciated and I am sure when it comes from you it is truth at its best,\" he said.Observing that the writer had expressed his views on everything under the sun but chose to remain silent on the issues raised by him, the vice-chancellor quipped: \"I understand the reasons for your silence. Yes, there are bodies in the university to take care of the matter without the support of your intellectual views.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13740454", "title": "Salman to attend IIFA, SRK to skip it", "text": "SRK's absence at the forthcoming IIFA is generating a lot of anxiety amongst his fans.IIFA 2012 will be held from June 7-9 in Lion City , Singapore. The event will be special for more reasons than one.Rekha will be felicitated for her 'Outstanding Achievement in Indian Cinema' at the do while Shahid and Farhan Akhtar are slated to host the show. Shahid is even going to pay a tribute to south cinema as he will be dancing on South songs choreographed by Prabhu Deva.The otherwise most popular superstar anchor SRK will however skip the event altogether. Shah Rukh's close friend confirmed his absence saying, \"There have been rumours doing the rounds that Shah Rukh Khan will be attending the IFFA ceremony in Singapore this year. Unfortunately these rumours are completely baseless. Shah Rukh Khan is leaving for London this weekend, he is going there for the shooting of Yash Chopra's next and will be joined by his family. His kids Aryan and Suhana have their vacation and like every year will be spending it in London this year too.The rumours of Shah Rukh and his family being at IFFA has got many of his fans excited and they have been making constant inquires but this is to clarify to everyone that Shah Rukh is in London shooting for Yash Chopra. He will be joined by Katrina Kaif and Anushkha Sharma a few days later.\"Salman is however most likely to attend the IIFA this year. He is currently shooting for Ek Tha Tiger in Bangkok for the final schedule of the film with Katrina Kaif.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13813129", "title": "Ali Zafar makes special appearance at KJo's birthday bash", "text": "Pakistani singer turned actor Ali Zafar came along with his wife Ayesha specially to India to attend his Bollywood friend Karan Johar's 40th birthday bash in Mumbai.Ali told us, \" It was an honour for me to be part of such a grand celebration. I had a fantastic time bonding with all my friends from Bollywood -Hritik Roshan , Ranbir Kapoor , Kangana, Shahid Kapur, Soha Ali , Shabana Azmi , Kunal Khemu, and many more. At the party my wife Ayesha was all excited to get pictures clicked with Shahrukh Khan . It was a short visit but I hope to be back soon in India.\"According to Ammara Hikmat, Ali Zafar's publicist, \" Ali will be doing a special performance with Pakistani actress Humaima Malik at the Pakistan Lux Style awards to be held in Karachi in month of July. Ali will also be travelling to Canada to a show along with his band musicians.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13794509", "title": "Cops strike at wrong time &amp; wrong place", "text": "BANGALORE: It was a busy Monday morning. But the unmanned traffic junction in front of Ulsoor gurdwara had ground to a halt, with a few traffic policemen randomly checking documents of vehicles only a few metres away from the intersection .While a few bikes and cars were waved off to the side, the others were stuck in a gridlock. A few enterprising bikers who sought to manoeuvre their way out of the jam only added to the chaos.Praveen Nair, a freelance graphic designer who was stuck in the traffic jam, sought to reason it out with the cops. \"When I told the policemen the problem their drive had caused, they rudely told me that there were people to take care of that and asked me to produce my documents fast,\" he said.\"Conducting any enforcement drive at a busy traffic intersection during peak hours can only create a bottleneck and the ripple effect will be felt far and wide. Don't our traffic policemen know this,'' wondered Aarthi Nandi, 33, homemaker.What happened that day at the Ulsoor gurdwara intersection is a regular sight at the major junctions. \"Cops often stop lorries near Hudson Circle, which is on the way to my work. A traffic cop walks to the middle of the road, signals the vehicle to come to the side and as the big vehicle slowly moves to the left, all the vehicles behind it get stuck. Many times, we end up missing the signal,\" pointed out Sommiah R, a merchant who runs an establishment on Avenue Road. MA Saleem, additional commissioner of police (traffic), claimed that traffic police officers were at no point of the day assigned the duty of checking. '' We have passed on a strict message to our men that they should concentrate on traffic regulation more than checking,'' he said.The reality is, however, different. You can't miss the sight of a traffic police officer sitting on his bike parked under the shade, while three or four of his men stand bang in the middle of the road trying to spot potential violators. Such scenes are common at Tumkur Road intersection, Hesaraghatta Cross, Jalahalli Cross, Peenya IndustrialStage and SRS junction.But traffic policemen claimed that they are justified in carrying out the drives at a place and time of their choice.'' Recently we conducted a massive checking drive during morning peak hours. Within two hours, we booked more than 2,000 cases . This definitely proves that the city witnesses a very high number of traffic violations during peak hours and these violations contribute to indiscipline on roads,'' explained a traffic police inspector.Why the drive?Policemen manually checking for violators is an anachronism in these days of technological advancement. Senior traffic police officers have been on record that their target is to bring down the on-road contact between policemen and violators by at least 50% with the help of gadgets like CCTV cameras, Blackberrys and hand-held cameras.MA Saleem, additional commissioner of police (traffic), said they will reduce spot checking. \"We have over 165 traffic cameras and five enforcement cameras. As a new addition, over 350 digital cameras have been provided to the policemen. If our policemen come across any violation, they will photograph the offender-vehicle , which will be downloaded at police stations. We will use our data base to issue notices to the violators later,\" he said.Cops needed at junctionsAs far as traffic police are concerned, their primary job has been traffic regulation; fine collection or documentation should be secondary because Road Transport Officers can do this job. It is true that police have introduced many electronic equipment. However, a city like Bangalore still needs traffic policemen at the junctions. But all this is possible only if commuters follow the road rules.-MN Srihari | Traffic expert", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13794659", "title": "Madhya Praddesh Governor opens private varsity at Sagar", "text": "BHOPAL: Governor Ram Naresh Yadav inaugurated a private Swami Vivekananda University at Sagar on Sunday. He also laid the foundation stone of the university's administrative block.Addressing the gathering, Yadav said lessons in ethics and nationalism should be taught to students in this university by following footsteps of Dr Hari Singh Gour. He appealed to researches made and techniques learned by students should be disseminated among farmers.He added it is the responsibility of the educational institution to impart quality education at low-cost to poor, backward and rural students of the region.In his address, panchayat and rural development minister Gopal Bhargava said several large educational institutions are functioning in the state presently. \"These educational institutions should also conduct job-oriented courses in various subjects,\" Bhargava said.Earlier, the Governor inaugurated the university by unfurling a flag. University song, emblem and brochure were also released.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13805334", "title": "Sachin Tendulkar takes oath as Rajya Sabha member", "text": "NEW DELHI: Indian cricket icon Sachin Tendulkar on Monday took oath as member of the Rajya Sabha making it clear that his focus would be cricket and hinting at concentrating on Parliament work after he stops playing the game.However, he hastened to add that he does not want rumours to swirl that he has stopped playing cricket for Parliament.\"...I am here because of my cricketing career. I cannot take any focus away from my cricket. That is where it all started for me. I will focus on my cricket and as and when I stop playing cricket, I don't know, when I will start attending to other things.\"I don't want rumours to start that I have stopped playing cricket. I will let everyone know when I will stop playing cricket,\" he said when asked how he would assuage people who raise questions whether he would be able to do justice to the job in Parliament when he is still playing cricket.Earlier, 39-year-old Tendulkar took oath as member of the Rajya Sabha in the presence of Chairman Hamid Ansari and Union Ministers Rajiv Shukla, Harish Rawat and V Narayanasamy.Tendulkar, along with film actor Rekha and industrialist Anu Aga was nominated as members of the Rajya Sabha by President Pratibha Patil on April 26.\"Cricket comes first,\" Tendulkar told reporters as he and wife Anjali were chaperoned by Shukla to Rajya Sabha Chairman Hamid Ansari's chamber.There was much excitement in the corridors of Parliament as a large number of officials gathered outside Ansari's chamber where Tendulkar took oath.A number of Parliament staffers took out their mobile phones to capture a glimpse of the cricketer.After taking oath, Tendulkar said it was a great honour for him to be nominated as a Rajya Sabha member by the President.Tendulkar said the Rajya Sabha nomination has put him in better position to help not only cricket but also other sports in the country.Sportspersons in ParliamentRAJYA SABHAElected: Dilip Tirkey (hockey) 2012Nominated: Sachin Tendulkar (cricket) 2012LOK SABHAKarni Singh (shooter) 1952-77Kirti Azad (cricket) 1999, 2009Navjot Singh Sidhu (cricket) 2004, 2009Aslam Sher Khan (hockey) 1984, 1991Jyotirmoy Sikdar (athletics) 2004Chetan Chauhan (cricket) 1991, 1998Naveen Jindal (shooter, member of Indian squad in Busan Asiad) 2004, 2009Mohammad Azharuddin (cricket) 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13793506", "title": "Students make a beeline for professional courses", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Colleges across the state are all set for the beginning of the new academic year. The rather cumbersome process of admissions has started and its time for students to take the most crucial decision of their lives - to choose the subject in the graduation level.Professional courses continue to be most popular among students, who have just passed out of high school, said career counsellors in the city. And colleges too are ready to cater to this growing demand for courses in computer science, information technology, electronics and telecommunication, animation, visual communication and event management, retail and business management.BJB Autonomous College, a premier institute in Odisha, is offering self-financing courses in bachelor's degree in computer science and biotechnology, masters in social works, five-year integrated MBA, master's degree in Bio Informatics, electronics and tele-communication and master's degree in journalism and mass communication.\"Job oriented and professional courses need lots of investment and better infrastructure, which is not always possible for the state government. The aim of introducing self-financing courses is not only self-sustaining but also provide employment opportunity to the students,\" said B P Das, a senior lecturer in BJB Autonomous College. The trend is similar in women's colleges. The city-based R D Women's College offers bachelor's degree in computer science and biotechnology, which they claim are having full strength. \"Everyone wants to get a job as soon as they complete education. Besides in these courses, students get better infrastructure and better faculty than regular courses,\" said a teacher of the college.Similarly, Ravenshaw University as well as several private institutes in the city are offering a wide variety of professional courses, including copy writing, advertising, fashion and interior designing among others. However, the eagerness to do IT courses is considerably less as many parents find the job culture among IT graduates disconcerting. So students, especially girls, are not pursuing IT courses, choosing other streams like social work, journalism instead, said S Leena, a career counsellor.\"Courses like Chartered Accountancy and Bachelors in Business Administration are rewarding but students hardly seem to flock to these courses. This fixed mind set to go for professional courses or nothing at all causes a lot of stress among students,\" said Madhusudan Devta, educational counselor.But the most important thing, advice career counsellors, is that students choose their field of study based on their abilities and interests. It is important that students be passionate about their chosen subject of study.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13792922", "title": "Man arrested for raping daughter", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Kovalam police on Sunday arrested a 37-year-old man for allegedly abusing his eight-year-old daughter sexually. The accused has been identified as Roy of Muttakadu near Venganoor.Police said that Roy was arrested based on a complaint lodged by his wife. His wife complained that Roy abused the girl sexually on Thursday night. She became aware of the rape after the girl complained of severe pain the other day. She took the girl to a doctor, who after examining the girl, told that the she was sexually abused. The police also confirmed rape following a medical examination after receiving the complaint. It was following this they recorded the arrest of Roy. He has been remanded in judicial custody by the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13806684", "title": "Puneeth Rajkumar-Yogish together again", "text": "The duo actors streaked success with their previous release 'Hudugaru', a remake of Tamil movie Nadodigal and are now coming together for another remake from Kollywood 'Poraali'.The film will be directed by Samuthirakkani, director of original version.Much excited about working with Puneeth Rajkumar again, Yogish says, 'We completely enjoyed working together for the film Hudugaru and glad that it's time to enjoy again with Yaare Koogadali . Samuthirakkani is a fabulous director as he completely knows what is required from his actors.Source: starview.in", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "13790629", "title": "Pratibha sangamam unveiled for special kids", "text": "KOTTAYAM: Hidden talents in students who need special care can be awakened by continuous effort, said finance minister K M Mani on Sunday.Bringing up such students to the forefront by encouraging their talents is a great mission, he said.He was inaugurating 'Pratibha Sangamam' conducted by the Education Department at the Baker Memorial school auditorium here.He also said the issues of resource teachers who deal with such students will be taken up as a special case.Home minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan who presided over the function said these teachers are doing a commendable job for giving extra care and support to the students.District panchayat president Radha V Nair delivered the keynote address.Students who came out with flying colours in SSLC examination were also presented with a memento. District collector Mini Antony gave away bravery awards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "13792615", "title": "Fast against corruption", "text": "DHANBAD: Supporters of Anna Hazare and Baba Ramdev joined campaign against corruption and black money at Dhanbad. They held a daylong fast at Gandhi Seva Sadan in the heart of the town.The India Against Corruption activists who had organized similar fast last year joined the agitation and supported Baba Ramdev's proposed campaign. Senior BJP leader Saryu Rai addressed the activists and appealed them to intensify the agitation. Rai has invited Subramaniam Swamy and Govindacharya on Tuesday to address a gathering against corruption at Tetultalla grounds.On Sunday evening, supporters of Anna and Ramdev organized a torchlight procession at Randhir Verma Circle near the collectorate. A large number of youths joined the candle march.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13788860", "title": "Centre to evaluate performance of Maharashtra electricity distribution body", "text": "NAGPUR: The performance of power distributor MSEDCL has so far been evaluated by Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC) every year. However, this was done only for determining the tariff. The scenario is the same in other states.However, due to large scale defaults by state-run power companies, banks have almost stopped lending to the power sector. This has also hurt generation and transmission sectors along with distribution franchisees as finances have dried up for them. A MSEDCL official told TOI that union ministry of power (MoP) had now decided to rate all the state power distribution utilities, whether public or private, on the basis of their short term performance and their viability in the long run. The ratings would be in public domain and even available on the ministry's website.\"It is a welcome step as this will not only help banks but also usher competition between the utilities. The poorly performing utilities and the respective state governments will be under pressure from opposition parties and consumer groups to improve performance,\" he said.The official expressed confidence that MSEDCL would get fairly high rating. \"While the company's performance in absolute terms is quite bad, it is far better than its counterparts in most other states. Consumers should, however, not compare MSEDCL with BEST or Tata. These utilities cater only to urban areas where number of subsidized consumers is quite low,\" he said.The annual ranking and rating of all state power distribution utilities will be carried out by the agencies appointed by ministry. This methodology is expected to facilitate realistic assessment by banks of the risks associated with lending to various state distribution utilities.As per MoP's methodology marks would be assigned for both current levels of performance and relative improvement over the baseline parameters. Maximum weightage (60%) will be given to aggregate technical and commercial (AT&C;) losses, financial planning, subsidy received etc. as they directly affect commercial viability. Compliance to regulatory commission's directives has been assigned a weightage of 15%. Other parameters like timely submission of audited accounts, metering, IT and computerization, timely payments without default to banks, use of renewable energy, etc. account for remaining 25%.A system of negative marks has also been introduced. The parameters that will attract negative marks are: non-auditing of accounts (12%), failure to unbundle SEBs (5%), non-filing of tariff petition (5%), untreated revenue gap (5%), deterioration in AT&C; Loss (5%), increase in payables (3%), presence of regulatory asset (3%), negative net-worth (3%) and extent of cross subsidy (2%).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13792621", "title": "'Operation' is on, but Hubli Dharwad Municipal Corporation's neighbourhood is still dirty", "text": "HUBLI: The Hubli Dharwad Municipal Corporation started its ambitious cleanliness project 'Operation Dirty' with much fanfare but it looks like the local body has forgotten to keep its own neighbourhood clean.The case in point is the corporation park. The park, next to the HDMC office, is full of garbage even as the corporation vows to make the twin cities spick and span under its 'Operation Dirty' launched recently.The corporation's failure in keeping its garden clean has inconvenienced many. The corporation-run Chitguppi hospital is located behind the park and relatives of patients come to the park to take rest and have their meals. The park has many trees, playthings for children, a lawn and a small pond in its premises. But the park, which has a history of 130 years, has not been maintained properly. Heaps of garbage can be seen in the pond and every corner of the garden.Citizens come to the park for their daily walk. Speaking to TOI, Mohankumar Patil, a regular to the park said he has not seen water in the pond for many years. On the other hand, it is full of garbage. And the fountain built along with the pond is defunct.Another regular visitor Chandrayya said the greenery of the park is shrinking by the day due to lack of maintenance. \"There was a time when the corporation park was a must-visit in Hubli. But now nobody even seems to know such a park exists,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13792551", "title": "India uproots most people for \u2018progress\u2019", "text": "Between 60 and 65 million people are estimated to have been displaced in India since Independence, the highest number of people uprooted for development projects in the world.\"This amounts to around one million displaced every year since Independence,\" says a report released recently by the Working Group on Human Rights in India and the UN (WGHR). \"Of these displaced, over 40% are tribals and another 40% consist of dalits and other rural poor,\" says the WGHR report.\"Not taking into account displacement due to armed and ethnic conflict, India is estimated to have the highest number of people displaced annually as a result of ostensible development projects,\" it adds.Over 60% of people forced out of their homes globally are victims of internal displacement. Of the 43 million people forced to flee their homes, 26 million are displaced within their own country, 16 million are refugees and one million are asylum-seekers.No policy for internally displacedThe data is part of a report on the state of the world's refugees, released in New York last week by the United Nations High Commission for Refugees (UNHCR). \"For humanitarian workers, an ensuing implication is that helping the displaced is becoming more costly and dangerous. In countries such as Somalia, Afghanistan, Yemen, or Iraq , getting help to internally displaced populations means working in environments where access is difficult and conflict or criminality can present deadly risk,\" says the UNHCR.According to human rights activist Medha Patkar, who has been at the forefront of the Narmada Bachao Andolan, internal displacement is not a natural calamity but a political calamity.\"It is carried out deliberately so that a handful of people can grab resources at the cost of the livelihood of millions. It is a phenomenon that can easily be stopped. But instead of ensuring an equitable distribution of resources, those ruling the country are facilitating land grab, resulting in displacement. The United Nations only intervenes during wars, but it should do so for internal conflict such as displacement,\" she adds.According to Shivani Chaudhry, associate director, Housing and Land Rights Network, only around 20-25% of those internally displaced are ever resettled in India, as the vast majority of those forcibly evicted from their habitat are not recognized as internally displaced people.\"Many poor people have faced multiple displacements. They are often displaced from their villages due to projects such as dams or SEZs. With no land and no livelihood, they head to cities where they live in jhuggis that are considered illegal and demolished,\" she adds.She points out that, while the government has policies for refugees, it does not have policies for internally displaced people.\"The Land Acquisition Rehabilitation And Resettlement Bill 2011 is not intended to minimize displacement and does not address human rights,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13809400", "title": "Across the border", "text": "Being an NRI has its pros and cons. Often we ignore the thought of knowing others who are from a different country. We generalize the perception that we might not be able to mingle with people from different cultures or religion and remain friends with them for long.NRIs have one advantage of interacting with people from diverse backgrounds. Not every non-resident Indian can be called 'affluent\". Here in UAE even laborers are NRIs and we learn to respect them as well. We realize the importance of individuals coming from the lowest of income to the highest and learn to value people in their lowest of status. By default, this does not happen in our home country.NRIs have the opportunity to learn different languages and mode of conduct required to communicate with people coming from different countries. This helps in developing respectable relationships.NRIs also understand the management of finances and adjust their needs accordingly to manage their savings for the future and present expenses. The knowledge of the stock market aids in understanding the income of expatriates and their savings. This will reduce the perception of underestimating the earnings of any individual of a different state/ country.Last but not the least, the UAE being a Muslim country has one plus factor- it makes residents understand the importance of Islam and helps in eliminating the misconception of extremism. Here expatriates learn to respect Islam as it is and experience its actual message.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13790328", "title": "Vehicle ban on CG Road revs up both anger and joy", "text": "AHMEDABAD: When Amdavadis thronged CG Road on Sunday evening to have fun and food, they were in for a surprise. The road between Panchvati circle and Bodyline crossroads was barricaded and they were asked to park their vehicle somewhere else if they want to visit it.The city police commissioner might have taken the step to barricade four selected stretches on CG Road on every Sunday in rotation to ease the traffic woes but the step added to traffic snarls late in the evening as vehicles going towards Law Garden had another block preventing vehicles in that direction.\"We are yet to understand why the road is blocked when the issue is of traffic management. It is obvious that when a person goes out on Sunday, he or she would be with family and would be in a vehicle. We had major problem finding parking and we drove off,\" said Abhishek Jain, a resident of Ambawadi.Most of the shops however were closed and no impact was seen on the overall business. The shop owners association had earlier shown displeasure with the traffic police's move. However, many families were seen taking a stroll on the stretch with children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13790402", "title": "Bronze and a smile for India in Azlan Shah Cup", "text": "BANGALORE: India staged a superb second-half rally to floor Great Britain 3-1 and bag the bronze medal at the Sultan Azlan Shah Cup hockey tournament in Ipoh on Sunday.New Zealand won the title with a 1-0 verdict over Argentina in the final, Andy Hayward fetching the match-winner in the 18th minute.Trailing by a penalty corner goal by Ashley Jackson, five-time champions India pieced together telling moves in the second half to slot home three goals.Shivendra Singh (43rd min) scored off a SK Uthappa cross, Sandeep Singh (52nd min) converted a penalty corner and Tushar Khandker (69th min) nudged the ball into an open goal as India avenged their 2-3 defeat at Britain's hands in the league stage.Tushar's goal was gift that Britain could well have avoided. But with three minutes to go for the hooter, desperation was written large on Britain's faces as they strived for the equaliser. Deciding to go with 11 field players, Britain substituted their goalkeeper James Fair despite facing the risk of playing the last few minutes with an open goal. Tushar made the most of it, trapping an aerial ball from Sandeep.Chief coach Michael Nobbs was delighted with the victory. \"It's a good win and a medal here was what we were aiming at. We played some good hockey for long periods. The defence was sound and compact and provided a great back-up to the forwards,\" Nobbs told TOI.\"But we still need to work on our presence in front of the goal. At half-time, I had told my players to be more thorough with their execution. They were losing the ball after getting into the circle. It's fine against teams that are ranked lower but the top teams are more aggressive in defence,\" Nobbs said, referring to a few misses by Shivendra and SK Uthappa.Nobbs was all praise for midfielder Sardar Singh, whose control over the match was exemplary.\"Sardar was outstanding and he and Sunil were named as Azlan Shah XI. Sardar was also named the best player of the tournament. But I felt Birendra Lakra and Manpreet were also worthy contenders.\"The Australian agreed the podium finish on Sunday had come as a big boost to the team but said India had a lot of work to do in certain areas to make an impact at the Olympics. South Korea finished fifth with a narrow 3-2 win over hosts Malaysia.Results:New Zealand 1 (Andy Hayward 18th) bt Argentina 0. 3-4 places: India 3 (Shivendra Singh 43rd, Sandeep Singh 52nd, Tushar Khandker 69th) bt Great Britain 1 (Ashley Jackson 35th). 5-6 places: South Korea 3 (Hyun Hye Sung 1st, Jang Jong Hyun 42nd, You Hyo Sik 50th) bt Malaysia 2 (Hafifihaziz Hanafi 17th, Faisal Saari 63rd). Pakistan finished seventh.Special awards:Fairplay: Great Britain. Best Player of Tournament: Sardar Singh (India). Best Goalkeeper: Kyle Pontifex (New Zealand). Top-scorer: Ashley Jackson (Great Britain). Man of the Match (Final): Kyle Pontifex (New Zealand).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "13791855", "title": "Policy for green buildings on anvil", "text": "SURAT: The Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) will announce a new policy to promote the concept of green buildings in the city.The policy will be announced on the occasion of World Environment Day on June 5.According to SMC officials, builders promoting green buildings, which maximize the use of natural resources, will get some waivers in certain fees and deposits. They will also get more floor space index (FSI) along with subsidies on plants for the green spaces planning in the new schemes.Surat, which is the fourth fastest growing city in the world, has at least 10 such innovative projects of environment-friendly buildings lined up. The design of these buildings includes creation of water bodies and green canopy along with roof-top solar energy panels along with water recycling facilities.\"The number of green buildings planned in the city is enough. We need every new project coming up over 4,000 sq metres of plot are to be a green building project to thwart the impact climate change,\" said a high ranking official from SMC.\"We are going to take steps to encourage more and more green buildings in the city. We would come up with some thing special that encourages developers to go for green buildings,\" said Manoj Das, municipal commissioner.At present, Surat has more than 10 lakh dwellings including nearly 5,000 multi-storied structures that are above five floors.Experts have always rued the lack of enough green space in the city at a time when climate change impact has started becoming visible.\"The creation of concrete jungle in the city without enough green space is worrisome,\" said Professor Mahesh Desai of SVNIT.\"With river flowing through the city, we have the best location to create a green mass within and around the city to stem the effects of climate change,\" he said.The present building laws of the state do not encourage green building concepts. \"Our building by-laws have nothing that encourage builder and architects to come up with green building plans. Some do it themselves for designing purpose,\" said Sanjay Joshi, a city-based architect.\"Builders must take the initiative to develop water bodies, solar panels and green space in their projects,\" said Joshi.Velji Shota, president of Surat Builders Association(SBA) said, \" We will openly welcome any steps taken by authorities to promote green buildings.\"Model eco-friendly houseSurat: Recently, the Indian Institute of Technology, Mumbai conferred Best Innovation award to Ahmedabad-based Vishwakarma Engineering College's students for their model of eco-friendly house.The students' team led by Advait Gaur prepared a model house which not only saves energy but saves 40 per cent water as it has a provision of reuse of water. The model is based on optimum use of natural atmosphere and so has bedrooms in north as the sun rays are obstructed while reaching in that direction and so the room remains cooler than others. Drawing rooms, gallery and moving space is in the south . A step power is placed near the house and fitted with PVC glass which circulates cool and hot air in proper proportions, which minimizes the use of fans and air-conditioners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13794887", "title": "Foot overbridge near Jyoti talkies area likely by July", "text": "BHOPAL: Foot overbridge at Jyoti talkies is likely to be inaugurated in July first week, if officials of the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) are to be believed.\"Parts of the steel bridge are assembled and by June end we will be installing them here,\" BMC commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastava said. \"We are planning to inaugurate the bridge by July first week,\" he added.The FOB at Jyoti talkies will be the first steel footbridge with escalators. The 38-40 m long and 3 m wide bridge is estimated to cost Rs 1.59 crore.The corporation is constructing 11 FOBs in two rounds. In the first round, only six bridges will be built. The remaining five FOBs will be built in the second round.The BMC is to construct FOBs at Jyoti talkies, Bairagarh, Bhopal Talkies, Alpana talkies, Roshanpura Square, Habibganj railway station and near TT Nagar police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13791116", "title": "Property tax payment via celltel to be back", "text": "CHENNAI: Close on the heels of the launch of walk-in payment of property tax through nationalised banks, the Chennai Corporation is working on allowing property tax payment through mobile phones.Officials also said the online property tax payment facility would be extended towards the expanded areas of the city corporation with in a month.A senior corporation official said, \"We are planning to introduce various methods to increase tax collection. One way is to make payment mode less cumbersome. So we are considering reviving property tax payment through mobile phones\".To meet the additional expenditures after the expansion of the civic body, the revenue officials are keen on maximizing revenue through property tax, as the target of property collection is Rs 748 crore this year compared to Rs 558 crore last year. The total target property collection for the year 2012-13 is Rs 748 crore, which includes Rs 268 crore of arrears. Sources said that so far the civic body has collected Rs 52 crore as property tax, which includes 17 crore arrears.Officials said the additional works and shortage of manpower were affecting the tax collection. \"Last year, the property tax collection was slashed because of the state and civic elections. However, this year also many staff members are engaged in the census operations. So the new ways of collection with advanced technology will attract more revenues\", the official said.The civic body on Thursday signed a memoranda of agreement with eight banks to introduce walk-in payments of property tax through 401 bank branches from June 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13807451", "title": "LiLo believes Liz Taylor biopic will re-start career", "text": "Lindsay Lohan has revealed that she is dying to shoot Elizabeth Taylor's Biopic 'Liz and Dick' as it will help her restart her career .For the role the 25-year-old star reluctantly had her hair cut and dyed to mimic Taylor, TMZ reported.Lifetime movie 'Liz and Dick' will be aired on November 3.The actress, who debuted in 'The Parent Trap', has had to deal with a lot of problems including alcohol addiction and due to this her career has suffered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13792523", "title": "Parichha, Harduaganj units to start generation this month", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh Rajya Vidyut Utpadan Nigam Ltd (UPRVUNL) has directed the chief engineers of the corporation to ensure optimal generation in state sector power plants by adopting best practices.The officials were directed to prepare overall overhauling proposals with cost improvement analysis of all power plants to achieve the maximum generation. Besides, status of coal supply along with Renovation and Modernisation works were also reviewed by corporation's MD Dheeraj Sahu.\"Drop in power generation would not be tolerated at any cost and any instance of dereliction of duty would invite strict action,\" Sahu said. He held a review meeting of all chief engineers of the UPRVUNL to deliberate on the organisational and operational reforms recommended by consultants Ernst &amp; Young.Directions were also issued to take immediate action to ensure commercial generation from 5th unit of 250 MW Parichha and 9th unit of 250 MW Harduaganj within this month. Further, the MD instructed to take immediate action to rectify the faulty transformer of unit-1 of Anpara power plant, ensure power generation from it by June 17, 2012.Chief secretary Jawed Usmani-led Energy Task Force on Sunday gave an 18-month extension to nine pending power projects in the state. The Memorandum of Understanding signed between the state government and the private players was due for renewal on June 10 this year. The decision follows a series of measures taken by the state government to strengthen the power situation. As a result, units that are under-construction are being nudged towards completion; efforts, government officials said, are also being made to set up new units on a priority basis.Among the projects that have been given a green signal are two thermal power plants: one at Jawaharpur in Etah, and another long-pending proposed 660 MW plant in Harduaganj extension power project. With the Jawaharpur plant given environmental clearance, the company has now been permitted to submit a Request for Proposal (RFP) to the government. In addition, to further expand its production capacity, the government will also consider the possibility of setting up a high-capacity thermal power plant in Panki. For this, technical consultants to the government have been asked to submit a feasibility report.The Energy Task Force (ETF) on Sunday also decided to bring two 660 MW thermal power houses of the Obra 'C' project under the UP Rajya Vidyut Utpadan Nigam Limited (UPRVUNL). The state government agreed, in principle, to give start up power to the Lalitpur-based Bajaj Hindustan power project. With this, Lalitpur's 220 KW, 90km Jhansi-Lalitpur-Lalitpur switch yard line can now begin production. Another 220 KV sub-station in Lalitpur has also been given a go ahead by the state. Speaking to TOI, infrastructure and industrial commissioner and principal secretary energy Anil Kumar Gupta said: \"These decisions will now have to be ratified by the state cabinet in its next meeting.''As a result of coal crunch in Lalitpur, electricity production at the plant is expected to rely on coal imports from neighbouring states. Although no formal requisition has been made to the state government, government sources said this was unlikely to affect power tariffs because the government would eventually purchase power from the manufacturing companies on the basis of competitive bidding.Though the agenda for Energy Task Force's Sunday meeting also included a requisition for capital cost enhancement in the Rosa power plant, the matter, Gupta said, was not within the purview of the task force. \"A decision in this regard will be taken by the Uttar Pradesh Electricity Regulatory Commission,'' he said. The ETF also took up requests by existing manufacturers, for shifting power plants -- from Bargarh to Lalitpur, Ghazipur to Mirzapur and another project to Barabanki. The decision to shift the location of these projects will also be taken by the cabinet, Gupta said.Following the meeting of UP Energy Task Force on Sunday, members of the All India Power Engineers Federation (AIPEF) wrote to chief minister Akhilesh Yadav demanding that the nine MoUs between the government and private manufacturing units be cancelled with immediate effect. Alleging that power tariffs would be higher if the government chose the MoU route over competitive bidding, AIPEF secretary general Shailendra Dubey said the Central Electricity Regulatory Commission statistics were proof that power tariffs through the MoU mode were at least 40% costlier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13790516", "title": "Three life threats in a year, but she is still resilient", "text": "KOCHI: More than 3,200 girls (still counting) have been rescued from sex racketeers across India by Sunitha Krishnan. She has widely been acknowledged by governments and media internationally for her selfless work.Sunitha, the founder of NGO Prajwala which works for the rehabilitation of sex workers, was in Kochi for the launch of 'Nirbhaya', the Kerala state policy which aims at fighting sexual violence against women and children.\"I was happy to be invited for drafting the policy called Nirbhaya. I felt really happy that chief minister Oommen Chandy gave a green signal to set up fast-track courts for the victims. But at the same time, I fear whether all this will remain only in paper,\" said Sunitha during an interview with TOI.This non-resident Malayali hailing from Palakkad, has lived most of her life in Bangalore. Sunitha is also proud of the state for it has acknowledged sex-trafficking as a crime and not just a social issue. \"I have been working in 11 states in the country and it provides me great encouragement that the state government, true to its literate-label,has finally put forward a policy to combat sexual violence against women and children,\" said the 40-year-old.It hasn't been an easy fight for her so far. She leans forward with her left ear while talking. Her right ear has been damaged earlier when some anti-social elements beat her up during a rescue mission. \"I received three life threats this year. I admit that rescuing girls is never a very safe business,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13814431", "title": "I won't go to any lengths to promote my film: Abhay Deol", "text": "Unlike most actors, Abhay Deol likes to keep himself away from the media glare. He is just as reticent as he was seven years before he started. Queries about his personal life, and marriage are met with a slight disdain and he loathes to be pigeonholed as a non-formula actor.\"I don't like being stereotyped. I want to have the freedom to jump from one genre to another. The idea is not to be put in a box\". Why does he hold himself back? \"Well, that's the way I am,\" he says.He admits he wouldn't go to any lengths to market his film, either. \"One of my strongest belief is that if the film is a good watch, people will watch it. I just wouldn't about anything to market my film,\" he says.Seven years down the line, Abhay feels it is unfair to dwell on the family. \"My family is no different from the industry. At one level, I feel it is unfair to say your family does typical formula films but you don't do. I don't do formula films, I do non-formula films, my choice of films are different not just from them but from everybody in the industry. The industry works on the same tried and tested formula and am trying to work outside the industry's framework,\" he says.The actor heaps a torrent of words on Emraan Hashmi. \"No ones used him the way he should be. He is a classic example of how the industry is obsessed with stereotypes and tends top not nurture the individual talents the actor has. You see how good an actor he is and you wonder why the hell didn't somebody use it before this. I am sure they will use him after this film.\"So, is marriage on the cards for him? \" I am getting married tomorrow,\" quips Abhay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13793483", "title": "Some arty summer jobs for them", "text": "CHANDIGARH: From etching popular cartoon characters as tattoos for kids at birthday parties to giving lessons in theatre, dance, art and crafts, a host of city youngsters are picking up some cool summer jobs. Despite the sweltering heat they are out to get some new experiences, the 'arty' way and of course earn some pocket money. For Sidharth Sharma, a third year student of bachelors of fine arts at the Government College for Arts, Sector 10, making tattoos for small children at birthday parties is all about unleashing his creativity.\"I earn Rs 1,000 per party for making tattoos for kids at birthdays and events. It is a fantastic way of getting some exposure, and at the same time one doesn't have to ask ones parents for pocket money,\" smiles Sidharth. Still other youngsters have chosen to be a part of summer camps, training children to gain some practical experience. \"I decided to teach kids theatre, dance and music at a summer camp for 15 days to make the best of my holidays. It was initially tough to handle children as young as three. But when they return home happy, it is a holiday well spent for them too,\" says Manuk Prashar, a final year student of the government arts college, who gave her exams recently.Youngsters term it as an opportunity to hone their teaching skills. For teaching pop music, jazz and rock to different age groups, some youngsters have been earning between Rs 6,000-Rs 10,000 for 10-15 day workshops. \"I picked up a part time summer job, teaching kids art and craft at a summer camp and it gave me a feeling of having done something worthwhile ,\" says Nikhar Daniel, a student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13791688", "title": "Rs 1,338 crore infrastructure projects announced for Jind", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a move to silence his opponents inside and outside the party, Haryana CM Bhupinder Singh Hooda on Sunday launched infrastructure projects worth Rs 1,338 crore in Jind, the assembly constituency represented by Indian National Lok Dal (INLD). While the projects including widening of two national highways (NHs) and a new Jind-Gohana-Sonipat railway line will speed up development of the district, Hooda has sent a message that he is no more concentrating only on Rohtak, his home constituency.Sources in Haryana Congress said the chief minister has been holding rallies like Vikas Rally held at Jind, in constituencies where either his camp or the party is weak. \"But the best part is he is announcing several development projects for locals and thereby pushing the development agenda. He did so at Nangal Chaudhry in Mahendragarh recently. His actions speak how there have been baseless allegations that his focus is only in Rohtak, Jhajjar and Sonipat,\" said a party insider.He added that the CM would hold such rallies in all assembly constituencies during his second tenure, starting with those which belong to the opposition parties.The projects launched in Jind included setting up of an industrial estate and a 200-bed hospital. Earlier, Union highways minister C P Joshi and Hooda laid foundation stones for the Jind-Sonipat railway line, four-laning of Jind section of NH-71, four-lane of railway over-bridge over Delhi-Bathinda railway crossing and construction of a link road between Jind-Safidon section and Jind-Rohtak road.The Haryana government had given 50% share in the construction of 80-km-long Jind-Gohana-Sonipat railway line project worth Rs 500 crore.Addressing the rally, Joshi said his ministry had launched various projects worth Rs 10,000 crore in Haryana while the NDA dispensation did not spend even a single penny in the state. In a veiled attack on Team Anna, Joshi said two types of politics are being practiced in the country -- one is being done at Jantar Mantar and the other by remaining among the people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13794732", "title": "Barkatullah University asks colleges to check papers submitted by students for physical education course", "text": "BHOPAL: After receiving complaints of wrongly admitting several students in the bachelor of physical education (B P Ed) and master of physical education (M P Ed) courses allegedly against the set norms, the Barkatullah University instructed its affiliated colleges to thoroughly check the documents submitted by the students.The exams of both the courses were to be held on June 4 and 5 and it now has been postponed following the complaints. As per the new schedule, the B P Ed exam will start from June 13 while the M P Ed exam is scheduled to be held from June 21.In the recent development, several students had complained to governor regarding the violation in the admission norms. They in their complaints stated that several colleges affiliated to the Barkatullah University violated the norms and admitted students. According to the rule, for M P Ed courses, only those students are eligible admission who have done their B P Ed from NCTE recognised institutions.After the instructions issued by BU, students will have to submit the original mark-sheets and a certificate certified by the principals of the colleges, where they are studying. These certificates should be submitted between June 4 and 11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13814679", "title": "How to make a relationship work", "text": "Life's equations keep changing. Sometimes, unknowingly, owing to circumstances we often tend to ignore the issues that come in the way.Before reaching a stage where there is no other alternative but to call it a quit, giving time to think what is or what has been going wrong can help one iron out the differences in a relationship. Particularly, in a man-woman relationship, there are many factors like lack of spending quality time, inability to listen to the partner, lead to misunderstandings which may give rise to fractures otherwise not warranted in a healthy relationships.There are certain things, which may not look as very significant factors, but when paid attention to can act as buffers which will save one's relationship. Here is how:1. Never look lost in things while your partner is saying something important. This may give rise to the feeling that you are least interested in listening to what he or she feels or that you don't think his/her opinion counts much in your life.2. Ask for your partner's opinion when in doubt. But if you think the advice proves counterproductive to what your logic says, politely convey the same and explain without losing cool why you think your viewpoint will be the ideal solution for the problem.3. Even if at the working hours, pay equal attention to the calls from your family. There must be some reason why someone very close to you wants to speak to you. If you think repeated calls come in the way of work, politely and affectionately explain why one should not do so without losing your cool.4. Gifts, parties, hangouts, food joints are alright. But there is something more than just material pleasure. Get closer on an emotional level and see your relationship working wonders.5. Work towards physical compatibility. One does not just enter a relationship for the sake of fun. So share your likes and dislikes on the bed and go ahead to make it a wonderful experience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13795167", "title": "Man burns 1.5-year-old with cigarette, held", "text": "INDORE: In a brazen incident, a paramour of a woman burnt her one-and-half-year old daughter with cigarette after beating and fracturing her hands in Khajarana area on Sunday.Gulabsehra, elder daughter of the woman elder sister of the victim Shirin told to media that Wahid, a paramour of her mother had burnt her little sister continuously for two days in different parts of the body. She said that Wahid also beat her and the three-year-old brother Imran.The incident took place after the mother of three, Shabana, left her husband's place 15 days ago to live with Wahid. After a week, Shabana was forced to go out and earn money for bread and butter. Wahid started torturing the three children in Shabana's absence due to which she had to admit her son to MY Hospital on Sunday.The issue came to fore when Wahid and Shabana's husband who had come to visit his son, had a clash in the hospital.Sources said that the police have arrested Wahid who has confessed his crime. However, police are not ready to say anything on the issue and no FIR was registered till the filling of the report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13794828", "title": "British agency help sought for facility upgrades in Gandhi Medical College, hospitals", "text": "BHOPAL: In a bid to upgrade medical facilities and improve infrastructure in the Gandhi Medical College (GMC) and associated hospitals, the state government has approached aid agency of UK--department for international development (DFID).The move to seek technical support comes at a time when the GMC is faced with a challenge from the soon- to-be-functional All India institute of medical sciences (AIIMS) at Bhopal and public-private partnership (PPP) model being considered in the state's health sector.As part of state government's 'strengthening performance management' or SPMG-II programme, DFID has formed a consortium of the international agencies like family health international FHI 360 (non-profit organisation), Water Aid, Crown Agent (International development specialist in supply chain management, debt management and training), Harvard Medical School and National Institute of Nutrition.FHI 360 director AP programme Lipika Nanda said, \"The state government has requested us to look into the hospital. With robust systematic analysis we are to provide the technical assistance agency for the next 3 years.\" The consortium is likely has been come out with a terms of reference (TOR) in the next 3-4 months.On the recommendation the executing agency directorate of institutional finance, representatives of the DFID and FHI 360 met the dean of GMC late last month. They looked into to a need assessment and comprehensive survey of the hospital premises, an integrated health management information system (HMIS), standard operating procedures, human resource management, near 50 % reduction of load on specialists and teaching faculty.Officials said \"The GMC and its hospitals cater to the poorest of the poor. We have a vision for the hospital and this exercise is the need of the hour to develop quality facilities.\" Earlier in January, the GMC had approached environmental planning and coordination organisation (EPCO) for preparing a comprehensive scoping exercise for the same.About 120 million pounds of funding has been pledged by the DFID in the state from 2007-2015. Sources said DFID with project funds would help Gandhi Medical College procure external consultancies. Already, many of projects like a 1000-bed extension wing and 500-bed super-specialty are on the hold due to lack of clarity on future vision of the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13794303", "title": "Karnataka State Road Transport Corporation reduces trips by 50%", "text": "Intra-state commuters paid a heavy price for KSRTC's move to rent out is buses for the Guruvandana programme . With nearly 4,000 of its buses ferrying crowds to the Bangalore event, the public transport utility halved its schedules, leaving passengers in the lurch at several places across the state.\"We reduced the number of our trips by 50% in places where we operate multiple schedules. For example, there are 70 schedules operating between Bangalore and Shimoga , which were reduced to 35 on Sunday. Each schedule comprises four trips,\" an official said. The BMTC, too, rented out 216 buses from its 6,200-strong fleet. However, not much of its schedules was affected as it was a Sunday. BMTC buses rented out were mostly from Kengeri, Devanahalli, Doddaballapur , Peenya and Hoskote depots.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "13791198", "title": "Trinamool Congress applauds Gauhati High Court decision on Gadam Ete", "text": "ITANAGAR: The Arunachal Pradesh unit of the Trinamool Congress (TMC) on Sunday welcomed the Gauhati High Court's decision quashing the election of Gadam Ete. Describing it as a land mark judgment by the court, the rank and file of the party also termed it as 'victory of the democracy'.The Gauhati High Court, in a judgment on Friday, set aside the election of Ete in the 2009 assembly election and declared his nearest rival Duter Padu of the Trinamool Congress elected with immediate effect. Ete is presently holding the post of parliamentary secretary (home) in the Nabam Tuki government.Padu, who was defeated in the 2009 election by a margin of 30 votes, challenged the result in the court accusing the winner of resorting to unfair means by influencing the election officials and manipulating the counting of votes. Padu will be the first woman MLA from the Galo community, one of the largest tribe of Arunachal Pradesh. tnnPadu, who had contested 2009 assembly election on ticket of Trinamool Congress party from Aalo West constituency of Arunachal Pradesh, had accused that 65 postal ballot papers mysteriously disappeared from the Aalo post office, which resurfaced at the time of counting of votes.Earlier, the Supreme Court had also dismissed two appeals made by Ete pleading the apex court to dismiss two election petitions filed by Duter Padu challenging his election as MLA.With the election of Padu, the strength of Trinamool Congress swell up to six, while the ruling Congress has 45 after four People's Party of Arunachal (PPA) joined the party fold last year, NCP (5), BJP (3) and a lone Independent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13788966", "title": "Doctor, banker, teacher among J S Financials' victims", "text": "NAGPUR: The J S Financials allegedly bogus investment plans' victims who gathered at Shankarnagar garden on Sunday evening were a most unlikely lot to have burnt their fingers in an apparent ponzy scheme. The company run by the Jhambre couple promised a return of 5% a month, as it collected money from investors claiming it was parked in stock market from which fabulous profits were generated. Initially 18% monthly returns were offered, said the victims.The husband Jayant is now absconding and his wife Varsha is under police custody. The company was started in 2009 and by September last year defaults had begun. What is interesting is victims include a doctors, an insurance agent, a teacher, contractors, businessmen- all expected to know better. When asked how they could be lured by such an incredulous investment plan, they preferred to avoid a reply. \"It was greed, nothing else,\" a woman victim later admitted. Many of them had put in over Rs 10 lakh individually. The total amount lost is pegged at Rs 25 crore at least.\"I recently shifted to Nagpur from Wardha and was about to set up my practice. Meanwhile, someone introduced me to Jayant Jhambre and I invested around Rs 25 lakh in his scheme. Now all is lost,\" said Dr Virendra Durge, a general physician. Another woman, a teacher, said she lost Rs 17 lakh which were her lifetime savings. A retired person who requested anonymity said he had invested Rs 3 lakh, the money he had saved for his son's education. Shekhar Kalbandhe, a banker, sold commercial space he owned at Besa and had parked Rs 8 lakh.There were a couple of them who had put in Rs 40 lakh. Jhambre had also joined the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena leading many to think he was an influential person, said one of the victims. For some, Jhambre was a childhood friend and they had no reason not to trust him. Those who knew him closely say that in the late 1990s, Jhambre was a small time stock broker. Later, he shifted to Bhusawal and started a similar stock market based scheme and a cooperative credit society. When both went bust, he returned to Nagpur. In Bhusawal, he was close to a local politician. After lying low for some years, he formed J S Financials. \"Initially, he gathered funds from close friends and also used their goodwill to get more investments,\" said a victim.Another victim Shripad Borikar said there could be many more victims though around 50 had gathered at the park. He said there was a likelihood of Jhambre being aided by some influential persons and police must ensure he was arrested. The investors are planning to file a case under Small Investors' Protection Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13791860", "title": "Mysore Mango Mela leaves an everlasting taste", "text": "MYSORE: Some relished, some purchased bagfuls of them, while some others returned home disappointed. These were some of the scenes at Curzon Park, where the three-day Mango Mela ended on Sunday. Nevertheless, the first-ever organic Mango Mela, the initiative of horticulture department, was a hit with 150 tonne of mangoes being sold with a turnover of Rs 40-45 lakh. Thirteen varieties of mangoes that are organically grown in Mysore district were on sale. H M Nagaraj, deputy director of horticulture department, said: \"We are happy because the Mela saw a good patronage, and sad because many had to return empty-handed.\" He added that they are planning a similar Mela in the coming year too.\"The department will train mango growers in cultivating good varieties from the flowering season itself to repeat success in the subsequent melas,\" the officer said. Nagaraj G, a mango grower from Belekere in Hunsur taluk, is happy that his produce -- Badami and Varija varieties weighing 1.3 tonne -- was sold in just two days. \"I have made a good profit by keeping a margin of Rs 7-8 per kg. I would have ended up with less profit had I relied on middlemen,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13790972", "title": "Students in a fix over Secondary Education, Assam result delay", "text": "GUWAHATI: With Board of Secondary Education, Assam (Seba) delaying declaration of matric results to June 15, the future of hundreds of students considering to switch to CBSE for Plus 2 hangs in balance as most of CBSE-affiliated schools would have completed their admission procedure before June 15.In most CBSE-affiliated schools, the admission process started just after CBSE class X results were declared on May 24. Even the classes for the fresh term are scheduled to start by the end of this month. However, students who wish to continue with the state board for the Plus 2 course have a fair chance as the admission dates in the state board affiliated colleges have been tentatively fixed to June 23, 24 and 25.SEBA chairman Shantikam Hazarika said: \"We cannot undo what has already happened, but now we are concerned about the results the dates have been given and I am sure there would be a lot of CBSE schools which would accommodate Seba students too. Besides, we are not here to see which student is opting for CBSE as we are not CBSE agents. Yes, there have been mistakes and we will try to rectify it.\" tnnDolly Das, principal of Kendriya Vidyalaya, Khanapara, said: \"The form distribution started on June 2 and the last date for form submission is June 11. But as far is Seba is concerned, the results would be declared on June 15 which I think would be too late as the whole procedure of admission would get over by then.\" Other schools like Don Bosco, the filing of forms is already over and the first list of selected candidates is also out.Pranab Deka, an HLSC candidate said \"This time a lot of anomalies have taken place in the exam and now the results would also be declared late. So, students like us who are opting for CBSE seem to be at a loss as the admission would be over by then. I think it is very unfair on the part of SEBA to be so irresponsible and jeopardize our career.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13788661", "title": "Naxal bandh call creates confusion", "text": "NAGPUR: Two conflicting schedules of agitations released through press communications by various units of Naxals in Dandakaranya region has left the security agencies baffled.While Naxal's south regional committee of Dandakaranya has appealed for observation of 'Jan fituri saptah' between June 5 and 12 with the last day of the week to be observed as bandh, the other one - Dandakaranya special zonal committee - has called for supporting their weeklong 'Virodh saptah' between June 1 and 7 with the last day to be observed as a strike.Though announced in different periods, the different Naxal units of Dandakaranya, spread across the forested regions of Maharashtra, Chhattisgarh and parts of Andhra-Odisha border in Central India, have appealed to masses to support them in their protest activities directed towards the deployment of the Indian Army in the hinterlands and conducting operations against the tribal.Superintendent of police (Gadchiroli) S Vireesh Prabhu described the situation as an attempt to confuse security forces. \"We are already in the operation mode and the entire period would see us in an alert state,\" he said.Meanwhile, Naxals too have stepped up their violence in the southern part of the district. Despite police patrolling and a security post in the vicinity, Naxals barged into the residence of the president of the tanta-mukti samiti for Jarawandi village in Etapalli Gajanan Madavi before gunning him down last week.In another incident, the rebels stormed the residence of a bootlegger at Perimilli in Aheri taluka. As he was not at home, the Naxals damaged his vehicle. A source also claimed that rebels also fired on the police post but the security agencies have denied the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "kakinada", "code": "13789174", "title": "Jagan tarnished his father's reputation, says Daggubati Purandeswari", "text": "KAKINADA: Visakhapatnam MP Daggubati Purandeswari said nobody would be blamed for the imprisonment of Jagan as he himself is responsible for his present condition. \"Because of him, the late chief minister's family is forced to come out of the house and campaign. YSR's reputation has been tarnished by his son,\" she said.On her way to Ramachandrapuram for conducting campaign on Sunday, the MP told newspersons here that she understands the plight of Vijayamma who lost her husband and now her son. She said people should question his party as to why Jagan was sent to the prison if he had not committed any wrong.She demanded the Anna Hazare camp to clarify its stand on Jagan. She said one of the members of the group, Arvind Kejriwal , had said the CBI was acting at the behest of the Centre and hatched a plan to arrest Jagan though he was innocent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13809969", "title": "Balakrishna\u2019s \"Srimannarayana\" goes to Malaysia", "text": "The shooting of 'Natasimha' Nandamuri Balakrishna's upcoming film \"Srimannarayana\" is currently progressing briskly in Malaysia . Director Ravi Chavali is filming a song on Balayya and Isha Chawla in the exotic and beautiful beaches of Malaysia. The unit is also expected to film a few talkie part scenes on Balayya and other cast in this schedule before leaving to Europe to shoot another duet song. \"Srimannarayana\" is billed to be a powerful action entertainer in which Balakrishna plays a rebellious journalist.Parvati Melton and Isha Chawla are the female leads in this film, which is directed by Ravi Chavali and produced by Ramesh Puppala on Yellow Flowers banner. T.Surender Reddy cranks the camera, dialogues are penned by Ghatikachalam and music is composed by Chakri . \"Srimannarayana\" is slated for Dussera release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13804178", "title": "Power Cut is a satire on Punjab Electricity Board", "text": "Power Cut is an upcoming Punjabi movie written and directed by Jaspal Bhatti. Full of romantic comedy, Power Cut is also a satire on electricity board in Punjab. This is the third movie by Jaspal Bhatti after his earlier super hits Mahaul Theek Hai and Jija Ji.The star cast of the movie includes 'Jaspal Bhatti', 'Jaswinder Bhalla', 'Prem Chopra', 'BN Sharma', 'Gurchet Chitrakar', 'Savita Bhatti', 'Rajesh Puri', 'Chandan Prabhakar', 'Zafar Khan', 'Surilie Gautam' and 'Jasraj Singh Bhatti'.The film will be produced by P&R; Films in association with Mad Arts. Power Cut is supposed to be released in the month of July, when the power cuts are at a high.Source: Rane, punjabiportal.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "guwahati/karimganj", "code": "13793035", "title": "Assam MLA\u2019s 2nd marriage sparks row", "text": "GUWAHATI/KARIMGANJ: In an episode similar to the Chand-Fiza love saga, a Congress MLA Rumi Nath has sparked controversy by entering into a second marriage after coverting to Islam without divorcing her first husband.Dr Rumi Nath, 33, surfaced in the state capital on Saturday after a month's absence and admitted that she had married the second time without divorcing her husband and has now changed her name to Rabia Sultana.An umbrella body of advocates in Assam's Barak Valley has denounced her marriage terming it as \"illegal\" and demanded her expulsion from the assembly. The MLA defended her action by telling a Guwahati-based TV channel, \"I am not committing any crime. I have no fear and am ready to face every situation.\"The MLA was first elected to the Assembly in 2006 on a BJP ticket from Borkhola constituency of Barak Valley and later defected to the Congress.In 2009, then Haryana Deputy CM Chander Mohan created a sensation when he disappeared and later announced that he had changed his name to Chand Mohammed and married Anuradha Bali alias Fiza, former Haryana assistant advocate, after adopting Islam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad/new delhi", "code": "13790420", "title": "Courts get GNLU boost to clear backlog", "text": "AHMEDABAD/NEW DELHI: For a few days every year, these law students fan out in the interiors of Gujarat to immerse themselves in the functioning of district courts and help clear the backlog of cases in their own small yet meaningful way. In a unique experiment, the Gujarat National Law University (GNLU), as part of an understanding with the state's lower judiciary, is partnering with district courts that are reeling under a shortage of law officers. The idea is to enable students to provide constructive help.GNLU vice-chancellor Bimal N Patel says the experiment was a result of a 2009 survey conducted by the university on backlog of cases in the lower judiciary, and how small initiatives like clubbing of similar cases together and preparing chronological statements on cases can help save valuable time.\"Some 120 of our students went about the state conducting the study in all districts of Gujarat,\" Patel said. \"They met judges and found out why the courts were tied down.\" The volume of cases in courts is huge, and the shortage of people is also an issue, he said. \"So, we identified non-sensitive areas where our students can be involved in a constructive way,\" he said. ptiThe law department then zeroed in on areas like classification of cases, clubbing of similar cases together, post-case disposal activities, including implementation of judgments.The students - 620 of them each year - are given a work plan whereby they are sent to all districts of the state to spend at least 10 days with eight hours every day in the district courts.\"In this way, our students contribute at least 48,000 hours every year to assist the lower courts,\" Patel said. \"This is a small contribution but a significant one and can be a starting point for greater partnerships.\"While law students are often required to do internships in courts and under lawyers in every law school, this is perhaps a rare initiative where an institutional plan is drawn and made compulsory for students.A great majority of law students dream of taking up well-earning jobs in law firms, but Patel says they should always start from the grassroots and should be able to pay back a little to the country.The students engage in preparatory tasks for cases like classifying cases pending in a particular district court, and clubbing the similar ones together so that the court does not waste time in hearing them separately.Besides, they also help keep tabs on post-disposal action and indexing whether the judgments have been logically implemented, and other such tasks that may help in, no matter how small a away, clearing some of the backlog.\"These 10 days of service are a compulsory part of our course as we want our students to be abreast with the problems of the country's judiciary,\" Patel said. \"Our students also offer services to PSUs and other government departments where there is serious lack of law officers.\"Patel, who has worked abroad with international organizations, believes India suffers from a serious dearth of law infrastructure and needs law institutions rooted in national requirements to help create a generation of law experts who will contribute in policy making.\"We are therefore pursuing a proactive participation model,\" he sais. \"The university has set up a 24/7 legal aid helpline through which students provide services and logistic help on legal procedures to people on a commercial basis,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13788630", "title": "Seeing wife with lover, man hangs self", "text": "NAGPUR: A man committed suicide after he allegedly saw his wife in a compromising position with another man. However, the wife claimed that she was misunderstood. She told the police that the man named Shiv was molesting her. On Saturday evening, 22-year-old Puran Sahoo hanged himself in the servant's quarters of a bungalow in Shivaji Nagar.Sahoo and his wife Manju were working as servants in the bungalow owned by Manohar family. The couple hailed from Chhattisgarh. The police said the couple had come to city in search of work just two weeks ago. On Thursday, they were employed for household works by Manohars and were also given room to stay. Police said Shiv was already working as a servant at the bungalow and had known the couple for the last ten days.Sahoo had married Manju in 2010. Three months ago, Manju had suffered a miscarriage after five months of pregnancy. Police said around 9 pm, Sahoo suddenly entered the quarters and found Manju and Shiv in a compromising position in the bathroom. An enraged Sahoo slapped his wife twice while Shiv ran away. Sahoo then locked himself inside the kitchen. Manju told the police that she repeatedly knocked on the door but Sahoo didn't respond. By the time she called her employer and broke open the kitchen door, Sahoo had hanged himself from the ceiling hook.She said Shiv had gagged her and taken her into the bathroom forcibly. She claimed Shiv was molesting her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13796523", "title": "'Interning in India changed my life'", "text": "Michael Farthing, vice chancellor, University of Sussex, UK, shares his views on the importance of internships with Diptiman DewanI wanted to see what was happening in the medical field in the rest of the world and decided to visit a small town in the Cuddapah district in Andhra Pradesh. It was July 20, 1969, and I was sitting on the roof of a house with an Indian doctor, looking at the moon while listening to the Americans landing on the moon on Voice of America ,\" recollects Michael Farthing, vice chancellor, University of Sussex, and a gastroenterologist by qualification , on his first visit to India while still a student of medicine.During the visit, Farthing was awed and inspired seeing skilled doctors dealing with enormous challenges while equipped with limited resources. He realised that it is important \"to be able to use one's brain, hands and other senses to make a diagnosis besides just prescribing tests.\" While there, he performed surgeries , conducted village clinics and saw people living in the most difficult of circumstances. He also witnessed first hand, how sensible and well planned healthcare interventions can change people's lives. \"That single experience , I believe, helped change my life in a number of ways. It gave me a broader perspective of the world; it also influenced what I did in the years to come, in terms of research and my work in general,\" says Farthing.His second visit to India in the 1970s was with a British film company as its doctor. In the following year, he came to CMC Vellore where he worked with the gastroenterology team and conducted research. Farthing kept returning to India in the years to come staying for a few months on each visit to conduct research, institutional collaborations , etc.Farthing says that internships are important and helped him in a number of ways. For one, they help in making lasting professional and personal relationships. \"I made friends in my visits who later also became research collaborators . Never underestimate the value of a visit, no matter how short or long, in creating those personal relationships,\" he adds.Internships also allow forging institutional links, which helps the profession as well as crosscountry collaborations. \"My internships in India gave me a huge opportunity for research and a chance to work with Indian collaborators. It helped me get answers to questions I was intrigued about as a researcher but would have never been able to get answers to, in the UK alone as the scope and complexity of disease and diagnosis in India is vast,\" he explains.Finally, internships enable personal development and allow one to become a global citizen. \"My experiences of working in India, parts of Africa and Central America have given me an insight that has proved beneficial in understanding cross-cultural complexities and gaining a global perspective .\"Over the decades, Farthing, who has seen the improvement in medical infrastructure and facilities , feels that India has come a long way. But while the country today has one of the best facilities for treatment in the world, there are disparities between urban and rural areas and there are pockets around the country, which are more equipped than others. Even developed countries have this disparity, he says, but for a growing economy like India, it may prove to be a hindrance for growth. With investments being made by both the private sector and the government, India will make significant progress, but the pace, Farthing feels, has to be faster, and efforts more focused .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13792418", "title": "I'll fight to protect Lokayukta: Ashwin Mahesh", "text": "BANGALORE: Civic expert Ashwin Mahesh who is contesting the legislative council elections from the graduates' constituency, has promised voters that he will strive to make Karnataka corruption free and get the Lokayukta back on track.Launching a door-to-door campaign from HSR Layout on Sunday, he met residents and explained to them the need for participatory governance to ensure people's voices are heard in politics.\"I will introduce anti-corruption legislation to protect the Lokayukta from political interference. My second aim is to facilitate people's participation in governance,\" he said.Mahesh also stressed on the need for municipal ward budgets where works will be decided in consultation with residents.\"I have been tracking Mahesh for two years and am impressed by his efforts to change the present systems in governance and administration. He is a promising option as an MLC,\" said Satyajit Rout of ND Sepal Apartments, HSR Layout.Mahesh was joined by educationist TV Mohandas Pai and a team of Loksatta activists. \"There is no other candidate who can even come close to his level of achievements,\" Pai told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "new delhi/bangalore", "code": "13789492", "title": "No show Mumbai too, but Bangalore backs Lokpal demand", "text": "NEW DELHI/BANGALORE: Baba Ramdev invited everyone to be a part of the candlelight march that was never meant to take place. He invited people present at the fast site at Jantar Mantar to join him and other members in a silent protest march starting from Jantar Mantar and concluding at India Gate.Late in the evening, organisers confirmed that the march will not be taking place in the capital city, though all along they kept informing the mediapersons and the crowd that the march will start right after the protests end at Jantar Mantar.\"We had applied for permission for the march from Delhi police but they refused,\" said Rajinder, a Baba Ramdev supporter.Quite the opposite happened in Bangalore where there was a prompt response to the nation-wide fast launched on Sunday to demand a strong Jan Lokpal Bill. Hundreds of citizens turned up at Freedom Park in Bangalore to extend their solidarity.The Bangalore leg of the fast was initiated by the Bharat Swabhimaan Trust expressing their support to Baba Ramdev and Anna Hazare who are spearheading the protest in the national capital.People started pouring into Freedom Park since the morning and the Park was almost packed when the fast began at 10am. The participants ended their fast by 6pm. While most chose to stay throughout the day, a few others, including former Lokayukta Santosh N Hegde, joined in for a brief while.Talking on the deadlock over Lokpal Bill, Justice Hegde said the government should bring in a strong bill. \"But I don't think any government will want to have a strong Lokpal bill. The government does not have the intent,\" he told reporters on the sidelines of the event.Justice Hegde later left for New Delhi to join Anna Hazare's protest in the national capital. Activists of the Karnataka Chapter of India Against Corruption also extended their solidarity to the fast. Bharat Swabhimaan representatives said more groups are likely to join in and come together for the cause from Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13795502", "title": "Allahabad high court orders probe into lapses in Ayodhya case judges security", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow bench of the Allahabad high court has ordered an inquiry into lapses in the security of three judges who delivered the verdict in the Ram Janmabhoomi-Babri Masjid title suit case on September 30 2010. The court has also directed the Centre and governments of Uttar Pradesh and Uttarakhand to take immediate steps to provide adequate security to the judges. The next date of hearing in this case is July 18.The court issued order after UP's anti-terror squad (ATS) informed court that activists associated with the Student Islamic Movement of India (SIMI) may attack the three Judges. In the statement submitted before the court by Rajiv Sabbarwal, deputy inspector general (DIG), ATS, submitted that during the course of investigation, even in the months of March and April, 2012, it was found that the judges who decided Ram Janamabhoomi case are still under continuous threat and the SIMI activists are in process to constitute a fresh module to assault the judges. The statement given by Sabarwal also revealed that there was an imminent threat to the life of the judges.The ATS submitted the statement in response to the previous order of a division bench of the High Court comprising Justice Devi Prasad Singh and Justice Devendra Kumar Upadhyaya. The bench had issued order on a petition filed by advocate Ranjana Agnihotri in connection with the threat preception to the judges and advocates associated with the case. The three judges who delivered the Ayodhya verdict are Justice Sudhir Agarwal, Justice SU Khan and Justice DV Sharma.Justice Agarwal, in fact, was stopped by anti-social elements in Ghaziabad in July 2011. The judge, who was in his car, escaped a possible assault and had revealed that he had no police escort with him during the incident. The judge informed in writing to the authorities concerned about the incident.Justice Sharma, who is now in Uttarakhand for an assignment, had also made a written complaint to the UP high court registrar that he was not being provided adequate security by the Uttarakhand government . Justice Khan, however, has refused any security cover.It was also revealed during the hearing that for the past one year, the Registrar General of the High Court has been continuously informing state government officials about the developments.However, on behalf of the state government, HP Srivastava, additional chief standing counsel, informed the court that the letter of Justice Sudhir Agarwal was received by the state government on May 23, 2012 along with the letter dated May 19, 2012 sent by the Registrar General.On the other hand, Balwant Rai, additional superintendent of police, security, has informed the court that after filing of the present writ petition and keeping in view the threat precept, the state government had decided to provide Z-category security to all the three judges, provided them with two gunners along with an escort round the clock.After hearing the statements, the high court directed UP government to hold an inquiry keeping in view the contents of the letter on security lapse of Justice Agarwal and submit a report to this court. Further, the court directed that the DIG, ATS, UP and the UP home secretary would review the security requirement of the judges in view of an enhanced threat perception. Also, the court said that keeping in view the incident happened with Justice Agarwal and after discussing the matter DIG, ATS, UP, and other officers present, it would be appropriate to provide two escorts to the judges concerned.The court also directed that though Justice Khan had declined to accept any security, the additional director general of police, security, UP, should meet the judge personally and apprise him about the threat perception to take future course of action. The bench directed the state of Uttarakhand to provide Z category security to Justice Sharma immediately.The government of India was also directed by the court to issue appropriate order or circular to all the states in the country to provide Z category security to the three judges during their movement outside UP. The security provided to the three Judges would not be withdrawn except with prior permission of chief justice of Allahabad high court.The officials have also been asked by the court to personally meet the three judges and find out whereabouts of their residences and that of their family members for security arrangements. Officials have also been directed to hold a meeting to find out if more security, other then what was discussed in the court, was required in view of threat precept.The court also directed the registrar general to consult chief justice/senior judge and strengthen the security arrangement on court campus and implead government of Uttarakhand through its home secretary and government of Madhya Pradesh through secretary, home, and inspector general of police, ATS, as respondents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13794829", "title": "Blood diamonds funded several conflicts in Africa", "text": "What are blood diamonds?Blood diamonds or 'conflict diamonds' are rough diamonds illegally mined in conflict zones. The primary objective of the mining is to fund armed conflicts - typically between rebel outfits and the government. In the post-Cold War era, these precious stones are believed to have been instrumental in funding several conflicts in Africa . Instead of adding to the welfare of the people, the abundance of natural resources in African countries has resulted in corruption, instability of governments and civil wars. Global Witness , an NGO working on conflict minerals since 1993, alleges many of these diamonds are also used in money laundering. During the height of the mining, from the 90s to the late 2000s, blood diamonds resulted in many deaths and displaced millions.Why did governments fail to control production?First, nearly all of these diamonds were alluvial - collected over extended areas along river beds. It's very difficult to fence these sites. The diamonds were extracted by small scale poverty driven mining in remote areas. In addition, all the countries which had blood diamonds were poor with dysfunctional governments. The production was controlled by warlords fighting the government. The 'legitimate' governments of these countries thus hardly had control over them.Which countries were the main producers?The countries which were the primary producers and hence also the worst affected by the blood diamond trade were Liberia, Sierra Leone, Angola, Democratic Republic of Congo and Ivory Coast. Although it was in the 1990s that major campaigns started against the diamonds, it is believed they have existed since the 80s.Aren't the diggers rich?There are different stages which diamonds have to pass before reaching the final consumer. In the first stage they are sold at 'mine gates'. Then they are sent for polishing etc, doubling its price. The polished diamonds are sold to jewellers who add gold, platinum and so on to the stone. The largest margin of profit goes to the marketing company. The mine gate price is typically about 10% of the final price and the real miner gets even less.According to a World Bank study, at its height artisan mining of precious minerals employed about 13 million people with nearly 80 to 100 million dependents. These diggers work in extremely poor condition.Is the trade clean now?Many critics of Kimberley Process point that there is no way one can fingerprint diamonds, scientifically identifying its origin, and hence the scheme primarily works on verifying the footprints of the gem. In simple terms, the scheme tracks its place of origin. It works on mutual trust as it is not an international agreement from a legal perspective. The implementation is done by the local laws of its participants and hence many experts doubt its credibility. Also the process works on self-verification lacking any independent monitoring that can assess the performance of the participant countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13795505", "title": "Red hot ticketing", "text": "He calls himself an 'incidental entrepreneur.' Phanindra Sama, CEO and co-founder, redBus.in, shares his inspiring journey of co-creating India's largest online bus ticketing agency with Renuka RaneWhat prompted you to start redBus?In October 2005, when I was working with Texas Instruments in Bangalore, I wanted to go home for Diwali. I failed to get a single bus ticket from the travel agents. Nevertheless , there were bound to be a few empty seats in the numerous buses that ply the Bangalore-Hyderabad route I wanted to take. The lack of this real-time data with travel agents, who depended entirely on tele-calling bus operators to determine availability, set me discovering their modus operandi. Back then, online bus ticketing was practically unheard of. An online repository of bus ticket inventory was essential, where information was seamlessly available.What was the major hurdle you faced?Initially, bus operators were resistant to online ticketing and believed it is only for flight tickets. At the same time, for redBus.in to function, knowing the bus operators' inventory was a pre-requisite . Since buses tend to have 20-odd per cent vacant seats anyway, we convinced the operators to allow us to display 20% of those seats on redBus. If these tickets were bought, it would only be a bonus for the operator . What happened is, when users logged in and saw the availability listed as 20%, the tickets were immediately bought. This convinced operators that online bus ticketing can indeed work.You set up operations in August 2006. When did you break even?In December 2006 we managed to break even, given that it was the holiday season. This gave us further momentum. The tickets started selling swiftly online. Once people started using the site and liked the interface , we got more bookings. On an annual basis, we broke even last year. As of now, redBus services 8,000 routes across India. In 2011, five million travellers used redBus to book tickets online.RedBus is a joint effort by you and your BITS Pilani peers, how trying was the teamwork?My classmates from BITS Pilani, Sudhakar Pasupanuri and Charan Padmaraju, were my flatmates too. It is believed that when a group is working on a start-up , their skills have to be complementary. We quit our jobs to start redBus, and faced some ups and downs. We were 'incidental entrepreneurs .' To code the software for redBus.in, BOSS (bus operators software system), and SeatSeller (for travel agents) needed programming knowledge, whereas we three have studied electronics. Although many advised us to outsource coding, we bought programming books, learned from them and started writing the code. Sudhakar handles operations and finance, while Charan handles the tech aspect.Who were your mentors?We presented our business plan to TiE Bangalore Chapter. It was selected and TiE appointed three mentors for our project. Their advice on feasibility helped us greatly.Did redBus depend heavily on VC funding?There is a saying that 'a lot of start-ups die of indigestion rather than starvation.' The external money invested in redBus in the last five years is around 13 crore, which translated to a 300-crore worth business, with 450 employees and 23 branches across India to date. I still maintain that one does not need a lot of capital to start a successful enterprise.Your advice to budding entrepreneurs...Mark Zuckerberg has studied computer science and psychology. This background in multiple faculties is what probably reflects in Facebook-popular for its emotional connect with users. I feel on-the-job work experience is crucial. It was while working that I learnt managerial techniques , employee retention, training procedures , and so on. These skills are needed in order to empathise with people when you are on the other side of the table. That coupled with a passion for problem-solving can go a long way.For more stories, log on to www.myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13790476", "title": "Power demand at its peak, cuts may get longer", "text": "JAIPUR: Surpassing all past records for June, the first day of the month witnessed the highest consumption of electricity. With rising temperature, the officials of Discom forecast that the demand will shoot up in coming days and may force them to increase the duration of scheduled power cuts.On June 1, the demand stood at 1,551 lakh units in the state against the availability of 1,305 lakh units. Last year, the maximum demand recorded for June was 1,450 lakh units. The next day saw a marginal dip but figures for first three days of the month hovered around 1,500 lakhs units per day.\"With temperature crossing 45 degrees, it was expected that the demand will increase. But on the very first day it had broken all past records for the month of June. If this kind of climatic conditions prevail, it is likely that even this figure will be crossed,\" said C S Chandaliya, chief engineer (power trading).With the unrelenting heat, the officials of the Discoms are facing a tough time in managing the power situation. The four units of the Kota Thermal Power Station (KTPS) stopped working on Friday. A 250 megawatt (MW) plant at Chapra was shut down after technical glitches occurred. One of the stations has been shut for 50 days for maintenance.But Disocms have got small relief as the wind power is providing more units of power than estimated. \"On Friday when the demand was at its peak, we unexpectedly received 246 lakh units from wind against our estimation of average 145 lakh units. This helped a lot in easing the situation,\" said Chandaliya. The installation capacity of wind-based plants is 2,000 MW. But on an average only 400 MW are coming from these plants.The Met department predicts that in the coming days, the temperature is expected to cross the 45-degrees mark again. The state government has already asked the engineers to make the closed power stations functional at the earliest. The Discom officials have not ruled out the option of increasing the timing for power cuts.\"On an average, we are receiving around 1,300 lakh units from all sources. But the demand is constantly increasing and for past one week it is touching 1,500 lakh units mark. If the gap widens we will be left with no option but to go for load shedding,\" said the senior official of energy department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13790914", "title": "Congress Working Committee meet today amid crises", "text": "NEW DELHI: Last June, when the Congress Working Committee met amid Anna Hazare-led protests, it stared back at the anti-graft camp with the confidence that coming elections on favourable turfs would beef up its political muscle and reduce the rivals to irrelevance.The Congress apex body will again meet on Monday with Hazare challenging the establishment, but the resolve to rebuff the rivals appears markedly weakened by defeats in UP and Punjab assemblies, Mumbai and Delhi local bodies, and above all, the economic downturn.The tale of two CWCs, separated by a year, sums up the grim mood in the ruling camp reeling under the crises of politics and governance. The period of negative sentiment is critical as UPA-2's entry into its fourth year marks a virtual countdown to LS polls.Congress chief Sonia Gandhi and PM Manmohan Singh will oversee the CWC deliberations on the economy, the dominant theme which has put negativity firmly in the headlines with fuel price hike and slipping growth rate shattering popular confidence. Finance minister Pranab Mukherjee is expected to sketch in detail the present and future economic situation.While partymen are worried that the fuel price hike has weakened their position, especially with protesting allies washing their hands of the decision, apprehension is that revision of diesel prices could make them further unpopular as a political choice. There have been statements to this effect from insiders like petroleum minister Jaipal Reddy and rural development minister Jairam Ramesh.The Saturday rollback of Rs 2 is seen as an attempt to soften the anger in the CWC. Sources said the magnitude of the challenge was evident from the party calling an \"extended CWC\" which would involve CMs, CLP leaders and PCC chiefs. It is aimed at urgent explanation of remedial measures to be handed out by the leadership. Worried about the electoral prospects, Congressmen feel unpopular decisions are not meant for the prevailing tough times. The corruption bugbear is back in currency with Hazare again raising the rhetoric.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "13806080", "title": "23 killed in bus accident in Pakistan", "text": "ISLAMABAD: At least 23 people, including women and children, were killed and dozens more injured when a crowded bus fell into a ravine near the Pakistani garrison city of Rawalpindi today, police said.The bus, which was on its way to Chakwal, was carrying more than 100 people returning from a wedding.It fell into a ravine about 25 km from Kahuta town in Rawalpindi district.Rescue teams and local residents rushed to the spot and took the injured to nearby hospitals.People had to cut through the mangled metal of the bus to remove bodies and the injured.Rawalpindi police chief Azhar Hameed said an investigation was being conducted to determine the cause of the accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13812437", "title": "New secretariat-cum-assembly complex row takes new turn", "text": "CHENNAI: The controversy over the DMK government's multi-crore pet project, the new assembly-cum-secretariat scheme, took a new twist on Monday, when the Tamil Nadu government informed the Madras high court that the mandatory environment clearance from the State Environment Assessment Authority.After the AIADMK government returned to power, it announced that the new complex would be converted into a multi superspecialty hospital and medical college. Several public interest writ petitions were filed slamming the decision and pointing out that a project conceived and built out of public money for a particular purpose could not be abdandoned in favour of a totally different scheme such as an hospital and college.The latest development concerning state environment clearance was necessitated after the petitioners pointed out that in the absence of necessary environmental clearance, the state government cannot alter the building and put it to some other use. The court, consequently, has restrained the government from doing any structural alteration to the existing building.On Monday, advocate-general A Navaneethakrishnan told the court that since the environmental assessment authority has issued clearance now, the interim injunction should be vacated.P Wilson, senior counsel for the petitioners, however, objected to the plea stating that the PIL had raised several other issues besides the environmental clearance issue. Concurring with his submissions, the division bench comprising Justice D Murugesan and Justice K K Sasidharan has posted the matter to June 20 for final hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13791564", "title": "Three killed in accident near Otur", "text": "PUNE: Three of a family, including a one-and-half-year-old boy, died on the spot after the car in which they were travelling was knocked down by a speeding state transport bus at Madh village near Otur around 70 kms from Pune, on the Pune-Nashik highway on Sunday afternoon.Three others in the car sustained severe injuries in the accident. A total of 13 passengers travelling in the bus also suffered minor injuries. They were discharged after preliminary treatment.The Otur police have identified the deceased as Dilip Arjun Tamboli (50), Sadashiv Arjun Tamboli (58) and Suresh Swapnil Tamboli (1 1/2 years), all from Vadgaon Sahani village in Junnar Taluka. Suresh's parents Swapnil Sadashiv Tamboli (30) and Rupali (24) and grandmother Nanda (52) sustained severe injuries.The Otur police said that the incident took place around 12 pm at Madh. The car in which the Tamboli family was travelling was heading towards Kalyan.The ST bus which was coming towards Junnar crashed into the car and then knocked down a pick-up van. \"The impact was such that Dilip Tamboli, who was driving the car, his brother Sadashiv and Sadashiv's grandson Suresh died on the spot,\" police said.The police have arrested the bus driver Devidas Ghuge (31) of Buldhana for negligent driving.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13808092", "title": "Divyendu Sharma's on a roll", "text": "It was five years back Divyendu Sharma stepped into tinsel-town to try his luck in the acting world. He says, \"I was doing lot of theatre back in Delhi since my college days. That's when I decided to make it my career.\"And Divyendu had his agenda clearly set as he says, \"I never thought of taking up modeling or walking the ramp. When it came to ads, I only chose to do TV commercials and nothing else. That apart for four years, I earned by taking up projects like corporate films and plays.\" Divyendu Sharma gained much popularity with his debut film Pyaar Ka Punchnama . This simple-looking guy is much in demand post the film and is on a roll with loads of movies. He shares, \"I'm already working on a remake of Chashme Baddoor with David Dhawan and that apart, the upcoming film for me is titled Rave - which is being shot in Mumbai.\" That apart, what is keeping this petite guy busy is, \"shifting home. I shifted to a bigger apartment in suburbs of Mumbai. A change is needed. But, house-shifting is such a time-consuming chore. But, every new thing has pros and cons to it - am enjoying my stay at the new place.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13807404", "title": "Anna Hazare hopes Sachin will back the Lokpal issue in Parliament", "text": "NOIDA: Anna Hazare on Monday expressed the hope that Sachin Tendulkar, who entered Parliament as a Rajya Sabha member, will raise his voice on the Lokpal issue and against corruption.Congratulating the master blaster, Hazare said he expects Tendulkar to raise voice against corruption inside Parliament like the way Team Anna did outside it.\"We welcome and congratulate him. Sachin should raise his voice against corruption and also in favour of the Lokpal issue. We will keep supporting him from outside,\" he said.Team Anna member Santosh Hegde, however, said that he did not think that the group was expecting anything from the 39-year-old cricketer.\"I, as a member of Team Anna, wish him all the best,\" he said.Arvind Kejriwal said the group would request Tendulkar to make efforts to bring a strong law against corruption in the Rajya Sabha.Tendulkar, who was nominated to the Rajya Sabha by the government on April 26, took oath as a member on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13790528", "title": "Man kills mother, commits suicide", "text": "KOCHI: A mentally-ill person allegedly murdered his mother before committing suicide at Avoli near Muvattupuzha on Sunday.Muvattupuzha DySP M N Ramesh said that the incident occurred when the person, identified as Vincent (42), hacked his mother to death and jumped into a well situated on the premises of his house. The mother was identified as Marykutty (76).The woman was staying along with her son and daughter at the house for the last 30 years. On Saturday, the daughter went to the tailor shop where she was working. When she returned in the evening, the body of Marykutty was found lying in a pool of blood in the kitchen. Though she searched for her brother she could not find him. His slippers were found lying near the body.On Sunday morning, the body of Vincent was found in the well. Police said that Vincent was under treatment for mental illness for the last 20 years and he used to turn violent at times. According to the police, Vincent picked up a fight with his mother and allegedly hacked her to death. Later he committed suicide by jumping into the well. The two bodies were sent for post-mortem.One held for murder: The crime branch on Sunday arrested one person on charges of killing a security officer at Kannadikkadu in November 2011. The accused was identified as Sarath Das (20) of Kannadikkad in Kochi.Crime branch officials said Das was arrested for murdering Sathyan (40) from Nilanthar in Kannur. Das murdered Sathyan as the latter used to tease him regularly. Das was suffering from mental illness for the last several years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13789489", "title": "Adulteration of edible oil hits unpalatable heights", "text": "HYDERABAD: With oil prices galloping in the last few months, large-scale adulteration of edible oil has become rampant in the city apart from hoarding of huge stocks. Several merchants are reportedly stocking edible oil above the permitted level, especially groundnut oil, and resorting to adulteration by selling loose oil to consumers.Prices of edible oils have been on the rise for the past one year due to huge demand and low production. The price of groundnut oil has gone up from Rs 70 per a litre packet last year to Rs 120 in the retail market.The vigilance and enforcement (V&E;) department recently conducted raids on several oil mills and merchants in the city and not only found huge stocks but also instances of refilling groundnut oil packets with suspected cotton seed oil. For instance, the V&E; officials from Hyderabad raided Agro Tech Pvt Ltd in Azamabad industrial area recently and found 155 MTs of oil stocks worth Rs 94 lakh.However, official sources said that the company was not manufacturing the oil in the unit but only refilling the packets brought from Kakinada with suspected adulterated oil. Bharani oil depot at Bakaram, Musheerabad, was also raided and 157.63 MTs of edible oil worth Rs 12.10 lakh was seized. Satyanarayana Swamy oil mill at Golnaka was inspected by the vigilance wing along with food inspectors of Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporationwho picked up samples of oil suspecting adulteration. Officials said there are about 50 oil mills in and around Hyderabad.\"As per the AP Scheduled Commodity Dealer (Licensing, Storages and Regulation) Order 2008 and Edible Oil Packaging (Regulation Order) 1998, wholesale merchants cannot stock more than 900 quintals and retailers not more than 100 litres. They should also give the stocks and sale details to the civil supplies department every month,\" a senior official of the V&E; department told TOI.Under packaging rules, merchants are not supposed to sell or supply loose edible oil to customers. But, many merchants supply adulterated oil to tiffin centres and snack points across the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13789027", "title": "DTC bus rams another in depot, 1 dead", "text": "NEW DELHI: One person was killed and two injured after a DTC bus rammed into another at Millennium Bus Depot in the Sarai Kale Khan area of southeast Delhi. The victims were working at the depot as cleaners, police said. They have arrested the driver of the bus.The deceased was identified as Ravi, a resident of Khichdipur, while Satveer and Suraj were undergoing treatment, police said.The incident took place on Sunday around 1am when the victims were cleaning the bus at the depot. An eyewitness told police that a low-floor bus at top speed hit another near the front door. The impact was such that the bus toppled over and fell on another DTC bus next to it.The two cleaners got trapped between the two vehicles; one of them later succumbed to his injuries. One of the cleaners was hit by the front tires of the bus and sustained injuries. Following the incident people assembled at the spot and helped the injured wriggle out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13789672", "title": "Robbers kill woman, flee with Rs 2 Lakh worth gold jewellery", "text": "HYDERABAD: Robbers allegedly murdered a 55-year-old housewife and escaped with Rs two lakh worth gold jewellery in Langar Houz on Sunday morning.The victim was identified as C Rajakumari of Padmanabha Nagar Colony. Her husband C Nageswar Rao, a retired assistant accounts officer of AG office in Lakdi-ka-pul, practices homeopathy from their house.On Sunday, at around 10.30 am, Rao left his house for some personal work and returned at 12.15 pm. \"He found the side door of the house open. On entering the bedroom, he found Rajakumari lying dead on the mattress,\" Langar Houz inspector N B Ratnam said.In his complaint, Rao stated that a gold black-beaded necklace, four bangles and two ear studs, which his wife was wearing, were stolen by the assailants.Police said there were no indications of struggle in the house and Rajakumari's body did not have any severe external injuries. \"There was only a mark on the victim's neck which we suspect was a result of the assailants forcibly pulling off her necklace. Also, a little blood oozed out of her nose. The exact cause of death will be known only after the post-mortem report,\" the inspector said.Police said neighbours did not see anybody moving into the house when Rao was not there. Based on his complaint, cases were booked under sections 392 (Robbery) and 302 (Murder) of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13790355", "title": "3 killed in accident near Dhandhuka", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Three youths including a girl died after a car rammed their bike from behind on Fedra-Dhandhuka highway on Sunday.According to Dhandhuka police officials, Chandni Patel, 21, Akram Pathan, 25 and Haresh Bharwad, 25, were on their way to Ahmedabad from their hometown Shihor in Bhavnagar district.\"The trio was rushed to a nearby hospital but they succumbed due to excessive bleeding. They had sustained head and body injuries,\" said a Dhandhuka police official.The car driver fled from the spot after the accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13792624", "title": "India makes dubious claims before UN on human rights", "text": "NEW DELHI: It was due to a civil society struggle that the government only last year removed the bar on outsiders from participating in the social audit of projects executed under its showcase legislation of MGNREGA. Barring Andhra Pradesh, no state has so far implemented this reform. Yet, in its report for the ongoing universal periodic review (UPR) before the UN Human Rights Council, India cited the social audit clause in MGNREGA as an example of its policy of involving civil society in governance.\"States have reported that social audit has been conducted in 91% of the Gram Panchayats. 2,44,000 reports on social audit have been uploaded on the MGNREGA website,\" the government said, although the social audit in most of those cases had been conducted without the involvement of a civil society group or independent agency.This is only one of the dubious claims made by India in a bid to downplay its failure to meet a lot of the commitments it had made at the end of the earlier UPR four years ago in Geneva. The council adopted a draft report on India's second UPR on May 30, comprising 169 recommendations on a range of human rights issues raised by 80 countries.The issue that drew the greatest attention was India's failure to keep the promise of ratifying the UN convention against torture (CAT). This predicament was caused by India's attempt to get away with the enactment of a weak law, as a prelude to its ratification of CAT.After Lok Sabha passed the Prevention of Torture Bill in 2010, Rajya Sabha, yielding to demands from civil society, referred it to a select committee. Though the committee's report suggesting improvements came in December 2010, the government's justification for the continuing stalemate on the Torture Bill was that the proposed amendments \"are currently being examined\".India betrayed even greater disregard for its promise to ratify the UN \"convention for the protection of all persons from enforced disappearances\". With this, unlike in the case of CAT, the government has so far come up with neither a legislative measure nor any other step towards ratification. Though the Indian legal system is notoriously prone to illegal detentions, the government just said that it was still \"studying the extent of changes in the domestic laws\" it would need to make to comply with this international obligation.Another controversial claim made by the government was on the first UPR's recommendation to maintain \"disaggregated data on caste and related discrimination\". While claiming that extensive data was available on dalits and tribals, the government skirted its failure to keep track of the atrocities committed against them across the country. This is in fact a statutory lapse because, under the Prevention of Atrocities Act, the government is required to table a report every year in Parliament. The last annual report tabled by the government on caste atrocities was of 2008, the year in which the recommendation for maintaining disaggregated data had been made by the earlier UPR.The recently enforced right to free and compulsory education up to the age of 14 has proved embarrassing because of its anachronistic labour law allowing child labour from the same age. The government, however, said given the socio-economic conditions in the country, the time was not ripe for banning child labour or ratifying the ILO conventions under which the minimum age for employment was 18.Other human rights issues on which India has been on the defensive included its failure to break the deadlock on enacting a law against communal and targeted violence, to strengthen legal mechanisms related to sexual violence and human trafficking, to impart human rights training to the police, to establish a moratorium on death penalty and to address iniquities based on the rural-urban divide.Times ViewThe government's failure to enact a law against torture even four years after it made an international commitment that it would do so, its complete lack of movement on a law to deal with illegal detentions and its dubious response to other issues pertaining to human rights all paint a grim picture. It is difficult to escape the conclusion that we are a country that has to be dragged kicking and screaming into safeguarding basic human rights.Nothing could be more unfortunate for a society that sees itself as a modern, liberal democracy. Indeed these are safeguards that should have been put in place without any external pressure at all. At least now, the government should show some urgency in moving forward on these.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "tokyo", "code": "13790819", "title": "Japan clears world\u2019s first healthy cola", "text": "TOKYO: It's being called the world's first \" healthy cola\". Japan, that boasts of the world's most stringent food regulatory laws, has approved the world's first cola for being \"beneficial to health\".The country's food regulatory authority has cleared 'Kirin Mets Cola' for the most sought after Foods for Specified Health Users (FOSHU) label. Japan's Health and Nutrition Food Association (JHNFA) says getting a highly sought after FOSHU certification - that can sometimes take over six months and cost as much as a million yen -- greatly boosts the credibility of approved products. Colas aren't really known for their health benefits. They are usually packed with sugar and have been fuelling the global epidemic of childhood obesity. However, according to JHNFA, this FOSHU labelled cola has zero amount of sugar and contains an indigestible form of Dextrin - a compound used as a fibre supplement, which restricts the body's ability to absorb fat while eating.\"When consumed with a high fat diet like a hamburger, the drink slows down the body's ability to absorb fat thereby saving you from putting on weight. It also helps in digesting the food easily,\" Akira Yabuki, general manager, department of FOSHU at JHFNA, told TOI.Yabuki added, \"We are very strict with who is given the FOSHU label. However, this was the first time that a cola was given such a FOSHU tag. It did satisfy requirements to be healthy. The drink doesn't contain sweeteners at all and tests have shown that the drink keeps levels of neutral fats low after eating.\"Experts say the cola's target demographic is youngsters who love cola but are worried about their weight, as well as those who have stopped buying soft drinks for health reasons.It was in 1987 that Japan's ministry of health and family welfare introduced functional foods. The FOSHU system was introduced in 1991 and the first FOSHU approval was given in 1993. It is an individually evaluated approval system that takes into account scientific evidence on effectiveness, safety and quality.As of December 19, 2011, 983 products have been certified as FOSHU. Of these, 24% are soft drinks like tea-based beverages, mineral water, jelly or fruit beverages and powdered soft drink, 55% are dairy products like lactic acid bacteria beverages and cultured milk, 12% are processed foods like processed meat and fish, cooking oil, vinegar and sweeteners and 9% are sweets like candies, cookies, chewing gum and dehydrated soups.\"Data from clinical trials on 10 to 100 subjects have to clearly indicate the health benefit of the product. If it contains a new ingredient, testing and approving it for FOSHU can take 2-3 years time.Some of the nutrient function claims that have cleared the FOSHU test includes Vitamin A which helps maintain good vision at night, iron which is necessary for red blood cell formation, calcium which is necessary for bone and teeth, folic acid which contributes to a normal development of a fetus and Vitamin E which helps protect fat in the body from being oxidized and helps maintain healthy cells,\" Yabuki said.A recent study said aerated drinks increases the chances of heart disease by 20% among those sipping them daily. Also, people who drink diet sodas every day have a 61% higher risk of bursting a blood vessel. Even children, who consume 40-70 ml of soft drinks a day, may put on 3-5 kilos every year as one cola is equivalent to having seven to eight spoons of sugar at a time.The Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) along with nine institutes have been conducting a study that covers 10,000 households and involves interviews of nearly 70,000 people of all ages and social status to gauge how much aerated drinks Indians consume daily, monthly and annually, and what is the country's annual production of such drinks.Several studies conducted by some of the world's top scientists have said colas are bad for health.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13806438", "title": "Ferrari Ki Sawari was a fulfilling experience: Sharman Joshi", "text": "He is one actor who chooses his roles with precise caution. It might get him only few movies in a year, or even a movie in few years, but he remains unfazed by the numbers. We are talking about Sharman Joshi, who was last seen in Allah Ke Banday and since then he has been missing from the buzz.But he is back with his upcoming film Ferrari Ki Sawari and he seems quite excited about it. Talk to him about how the experience has been working with the makers of 3 Idiots, which remains his biggest hit of the career, and he says, \"It's like a love affair. This is one of those movies that I will be proud of forever. One of those select few that I would like to watch even afters years.\"This 'love affair' as Sharman says started while 3 Idiots was being made and Sharman agreed for the film right away. He says,\"The first that attracted me to the project was the title itself. It was catchy and something different. But we have put a lot of hard work and it has been a fulfilling journey for everyone involved with the film.\"Sharman, who is playing a father in the film says, \"It was a challenge for me to play a father. I have never done such an intense role before and so I had to do my homework and find inspiration from real life. Being a father myself helped, but I didn't take inspiration from my personal life. It should rather come from the script itself, which is where the actor succeeds.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13797702", "title": "Roads turn playgrounds in urban jungle", "text": "The city's lack of playgrounds means that many children have no option but to play on the roads, especially on holidays. This is even true of areas like Ward A (Colaba), which has few encroached open spaces.Nayana Kathpalia, convenor of Citispace, says children often use the roads - like Pherozeshah Mehta Road - to play on Sundays and holidays. She adds that children travel from as far away as Bhendi Bazaar to get a ground like Oval Maidan for recreation. In the eastern suburbs, Subramaniam Hariharan, a resident of Kanjurmarg, says there are no significant grounds along the Eastern Express Highway between Bhandup and Kanjurmarg. \"There is an open space opposite Milan College that is used as a playground but not maintained as one. Then there is a well-done nana-nani park near my place, but there is no place where one can relax and spend time with friends and family,\" he says.In the western suburbs, Reshma Murkar, who lives near the Gorai bus depot, says she has a 27-month-old baby, but to take her to a garden would mean travelling almost 2 km. \"The building compound space has been taken over by vehicles. The Pepsi ground nearby is dedicated entirely to cricket and the Mhada ground has been taken over by anti-social elements,\" says Murarkar.P K Das, civic activist and architect, says the city has grown in such a manner that a vast majority of children, including from well-to-do families, have no option but to play on roads.The BMC states that there are 2,398 reserved open spaces in the city, but the civic body has so far acquired only around 1,200 of these plots. Data compiled by Open Mumbai, an exhibition on at the Nehru Centre, shows that 5.3 sq km of reserved open spaces are encroached in Mumbai. The caretaker policy, which allows private parties to maintain open spaces if they are allowed to commercially exploit a portion of the plot, further reduces public space.\"The BMC and the state must ensure that no policy impinges on public open space. This means that the caretaker policy must be done away with. Recreation grounds, playgrounds, gardens and parks are non-buildable and that's how they should be. This would augment the city's open space,\" says Kathpalia. Another way of augmenting open spaces is to ensure that plots marked for the public in redevelopment projects are acquired.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13788769", "title": "Tigers' presence may hit Forest Development Corporation of Maharashtra's coupe working", "text": "NAGPUR: When there is movement of tigers in Chorbahuli range of the Mansinghdeo Wildlife Sanctuary, should Forest Development Corporation of Maharashtra (FDCM) be allowed to extract teak and bamboo in the adjoining compartments? conservationists have asked.On May 31, a four-month-old tiger cub was found in a semi-conscious state by the FDCM staff in compartment No. 270 of the territorial department. This compartment is contiguous with FDCM's 412, 413 and 411 compartments.The three FDCM compartments are spread in over 830 hectares where FDCM carries out coupe working to extract teak wood and bamboo. All these compartments are on the right side of the road while travelling from Nagpur to Seoni.Although there is tiger movement on the left side of the NH7 i.e Chorbahuli range of Mansinghdeo - spotting of the cub near FDCM compartment 412 indicates tigers cross the highway to move into the adjoining FDCM area too.However, when the cub was found on a private land near compartment No. 270, the FDCM officials had denied presence of tigers in their area and had claimed no signs of big carnivores.Conservationists allege this is ostensibly being said so that coupe working is not banned. But, according to the high court directions, bamboo working is not allowed in forest areas within 10km of a protected area (PA). Removal of trees is also restricted to dead and wind fallen trees only.Besides, the court order states removal of dead and wind fallen trees should not be allowed in areas within 10km of PAs which are eco-sensitive in the opinion of the chief wildlife warden to meet the requirements of biodiversity conservation.Mahip Gupta, general manager of FDCM's Nagpur region, said, \"We didn't get permission from the central government to fell trees in the buffer of Pench last year where these compartments are located.\"However, all the three compartments in the Paoni range have become sensitive and are within 10km of the Mansinghdeo, part of buffer and also fall in eco-sensitive zone.SWH Naqvi, principal chief conservator of forests (PCCF) for wildlife, Maharashtra, said, \"It's very hypothetical. Although there is no ban on felling in buffer per se, a decision will be taken after looking into all the scientific aspects of tiger presence.\"Naqvi added that opinion of wildlife officials will be taken. \"As of now no proposal from the FDCM for felling in the said compartments has been received.\"Male tiger caught in camera trapNAGPUR: Even as the eluding tigress has not been caught on camera or physically seen, pugmarks of the tigress and the cub were found on the second day on Sunday in the adjoining compartment where presence of two tiger cubs was recorded on April 30.\"The pugmarks indicate the animals are moving the area. A male tiger has also been caught on camera on Saturday night. This tiger was recorded earlier too,\" said MS Reddy, conservator of forests holding additional charge of Pench Tiger Reserve.The presence of tigers in Mansinghdeo calls for better wildlife management in the sanctuary. The sanctuary was notified after 18 months ago, but the wildlife management is zero. There are no protection huts, gates, roads nor new water holes. This is despite the fact that staff has already been posted in all the three ranges - Saleghat, Chorbahuli and Deolapar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13791385", "title": "Ranvir Sena chief\u2019s murder: Violence on", "text": "PATNA: The Patna Police have initiated steps to identify the supporters of slain Ranvir Sena founder Brahmeshwar Singh alias Mukhiyaji, who held the city hostage for nearly three hours, attacked policemen and set ablaze police and other vehicles on Saturday when Singh's body was brought to Patna for cremation.Senior SP (SSP), Patna, Amrit Raj on Sunday said that four separate FIRs had been lodged against 400 named and unidentified people who created trouble. One FIR had been lodged with the Sahpur police station, two FIRs with Sachivalaya police station and one with Kotwali police station. The complaints relate to violence in the city, preventing government employees from performing their duties and damaging public property and arson.The SSP said the police would also watch the video footage of the rampaging mob to identify those involved in creating trouble in the state capital. The police have the numbers of some vehicles and efforts were on to locate their owners to arrest them. Investigation in all the four FIRs had begun, he added.Meanwhile, Akhil Bharatiya Rashtriyawadi Kisan Sangathan (ABRKS), the organization formed recently by slain Brahmeshwar Singh, has described Saturday's violence in the state capital as a political conspiracy. The ABRKS release, issued jointly by Nawal Kishore Sharma (Mahatmaji), Ranjit Kumar alias Thakur and Sonu Kumar Sharma, said it was an attempt to malign the supporters of Singh. They said till the funeral procession reached Saguna Mor at Danapur from Ara, it was peaceful. It turned violent at Saguna Mor. They said this was done to defame the organization.The ABRKS apologized for misbehaviour with police and mediapersons and the anarchy created by the mischief makers.It may be mentioned here that Singh's supporters went berserk after they reached Danapur on the outskirts of Patna on Saturday with Mukhiyaji's body and pelted policemen with stones, damaged a police Gypsy near Shivala Mor and chased away cops at Tarari Gumti and Saguna Mor. Singh's supporters went berserk again and started pelting a group of policemen deployed at IT roundabout with stones. The mob chased away the cops and set ablaze a jeep, damaged a mini bus and set ablaze a Bihar State Road Transport Corporation (BSRTC) bus. A bike was also set afire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13792863", "title": "More than 96% aspirants appear in pre-medical test", "text": "ALLAHABAD: More than 96% candidates appeared in the Combined Pre-Medical Test in the city on Sunday. One girl was caught solving paper with the help of mobile phone and earphone. This year's CPMT has been conducted by Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj Medical University, LucknowThe nodal centre for the examination here was Uttar Pradesh Rajarshi Tandon Open University (UPRTOU). UPRYOU vice-chancellor Prof AK Bakshi inspected the examination centres.Nodal officer AK Singh said a girl candidate was caught with mobile and earphone at KP Inter College.The centre superindent and principal of the college informed the nodal centre and CSMMU. An FIR was lodged against the girl and she was handed over to the police. The exam was organised at 18 centres from 9am to 12pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13792441", "title": "Mangalore City Corporation officials raid illegal abattoirs", "text": "MANGALORE: The Mangalore City Corporation (MCC) officials led by joint commissioner Srikanth Rao on Sunday raided illegal abattoirs in the city following complaints. MCC had earlier conducted several raids on such outlets. However, those raids went futile because slaughtersphouses got prior information about the raid. on Sunday, MCC officials maintained secrecy and not reveal the raid location even to Mangalore city police. They raided suspected illegal slaughterhouses located close to MCC's official slaughterhouse in Kudroli. The MCC team during the raid found skins and live animals within the illegally operating premises. The slaughtering room was freshly washed and blood stains and meat was found at some spots. When MCC officials inspected the premises' drainage outlet pipe entering the nearby storm water drain, evidence of animal dung and blood was noticed. Within a few minutes of MCC officials going into the campus, locals assembled there in large numbers and were shortly joined by Noor Mohammed, the owner of the slaughterhouses. Mohammed argued that no slaughtering activities were carried out in the premises and it was used only for storage of animal skins and to stock sheep and goats. When asked to produce trade licence, he failed to produce any. Mohammed said that he had been doing the business for the past 40 years without any license and why one should obtain licence for stocking skins and animal herd on his premises. MCC also conducted raids on meat shops in Central Market to checked MCC seals on the meat. No fraudulent practice was reported, Srikanth Rao said. Despite several warnings, stray instances of encroachment of space by footpath vendors and shop owners were found in Central Market, he added. Spotting the approaching MCC vehicles, the vendors voluntarily rolled back their items and cleared the illegal encroachment of space.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13806277", "title": "Karthi and Venkat Prabhu to cook 'Dum Biryani'", "text": "It looks like Venkat Prabhu has been smug - bitten by Thala's Biryani treat during the shoot of Mankatha. Ah! The first thing to strike our minds when Venkat Prabhu unraveled the film's title during the audio launch of Saguni was precisely the same.Here's the official news from the horse's mouth - Venkat Prabhu.The director was supposed to direct Suriya for K.E. Gnanavel Raja's Studio Green Films, but it is a surprisal now for everyone. The director will be wielding megaphone for Karthi's film after All in All Azhagu Raja that is titled as Dum Biryani .Source: starview.in", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "13792557", "title": "Mom immolates self along with 2 children", "text": "HAZARIBAG: A 30-year-old woman immolated herself along with her two children at Pasai village of Katkumdag block on Sunday, \"disturbed\" by the allegation of having an affair with a driver.Officer in charge of Pelawal police station Rama Kant Tiwari said the husband of the deceased, Asha Devi, was employed outside the state and the woman was living in her in-laws' house at Pasai, around 10 km from here, with her two children Anita Kumari (4) and Amrit Kumar (2).\"Of late she was disturbed because of activities of Arun Oraon, the driver of a private bus operating between Hazaribag to Daltonganj, who used to call her regularly. She recently met panchayat members and complained about him. The panchayat members discussed the issue and decided to give a thrashing to the driver. They stopped the bus on Saturday and handed him over to Pelawal police after beating him up. After detaining the driver for some time, we allowed the driver to go as he promised that he would not repeat the mistake,\" said the police officer.However, on the other hand, villagers started taunting Asha alleging that she had an illicit relation with the driver. \"The allegation hurt the woman so much that she immolated herself with the kids,\" Tiwari added.Police said the woman along with her two children sprinkled kerosene oil and set her ablaze in a closed room. On seeing the smoke coming out of the room, the villagers rushed there to rescue them. \"The two children died in the hospital and the woman has been referred to the Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences, Ranchi where she is fighting with 90% burn injuries,\" said the police officer.However, police have not arrested anyone in the case. \"We are investigating the case,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13792967", "title": "Turn to Facebook for some laughs", "text": "CHANDIGARH: City youngsters are hooked on to Facebook pages with wacky titles, which seem to come in handy to lighten spirits after a break-up or to give vent to pent-up feelings after a nasty day. The pages created by city residents thrive on catchy one-lines, couplets, jokes and funny pictures and get hundreds of comments and 'likes' daily.\"It's real fun to visit these pages. The most popular page among my college circle is \"Yaar aap shakal se hi BlackBerry user lagte ho,\" says Aman Sood of SD College, Sector 32. Pages like \"Waah yaar aap toh Rajnikaant se bhi tez ho,\" have some ribtickling stuff and are liked by students and an older lot alike. \"We love all jokes on Tollywood superstar Rajnikanth,\" gushes Masoom Juneja, a student of DAV college, Sector 10. \"Itne kam marks... arre mummy topper ke bhi kam marks aaye hain,\" is also a popular page among city students. It has over 50,000 'likes' and around 500 people are talking about it. A girl posted on this particular page's wall, \"I love this page because every year I give the same excuse to my mother as well :p.\"People tag random witty pages on their friends' walls either for fun or as a suggestion to join it. \"Yaar tum paidaishi aise ho ya koi special course kia hua hai,\" is one page which I often tag on to my friends' walls just to tease them,\" smiles Preeti Desai, a school student.\"Yaar aap toh chamak challo ho,\" \"Yaar aap toh muni se bhi zyada badnam ho,\" \"Yaar aap toh sheila se bhi zyada jawaan ho,\" and \"I didnt do it- it must be Rajuuuuuuuuu\", are some of the pages influenced by songs and scenes from movies.\"I love this page -- \"Yaar aap toh chamak challo ho\" -- because i love this song,\" says Avantika Negi, another student. \"Jahapana tusi great ho tohfuu kabul karo,\" is one such page I put to use whenever any of my friends try to be too philosophical,\" says Aneesh Kukreja, a student of St. Peters, Sector 38.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13791392", "title": "Stormwater drains still inadequate", "text": "PUNE: The city is in dire need of sufficient stormwater drains to tackle heavy downpours, but the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) has been unable to do much by way of extending the existing network.Also, with the monsoon around the corner, the cleaning of the stormwater drains is barely half way done.The existing network of stormwater drains has a capacity to handle only 56 mm of rainfall. The lack of sufficient stormwater drains has led to many waterlogging incidents over the last few years and the PMC needs Rs 2,000 crore to redo the network to tackle heavy showers.The city has a road network of over six lakh running meters, while the stormwater drain network is about 2.98 lakh running meters, said PMC's executive engineer N D Gambhire. \"Till date, we have cleaned a length of 1.32 lakh meter of drains and the work is still on. The PMC is also continuing to lay new stormwater drains using funds under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission.\"During the monsoon in 2010, when Pune had received 91 mm rains within three hours, the then municipal commissioner Mahesh Zagade had said that the city was not prepared to tackle heavy downpours and needed to renovate the network of stormwater drains. He had said that the PMC would draft a plan to tackle this problem.However, two years after his announcement, civic officials pass the buck when asked about extending of the stormwater drains. Additional city engineer (roads) Vivek Kharwadkar told TOI, \"I don't know what is happening in this regard. It is Pramod Nirbhavane who handles this issue.\" When contacted, Pramod Nirbhavane, superintendent engineer (water supply and drainage), said, \"I handle drainage and nullah channelisation. It is Kharwadkar who sees the stormwater drain network.\"The civic administration has also completely ignored the City Improvement Committee's (CIC) orders to develop a stormwater drain network connected to natural water streams and nullahs across the city. Former CIC chairman Arun Dhimdhime said, \"It is a fact that the city has an insufficient stormwater drain network. Last year, we had ordered that the existing network be connected to nullahs to enhance the carrying capacity. But nothing has been done.\"Civic officials said that in the city's peth areas, a majority of the roads do not even have stormwater drains. and footpaths are also missing. All this is because the city planners earlier neglected the basic infrastructure and lacked vision. The width of about 75 roads passing through the city is less then 24 metres. Central parts of Pune have roads with an average width of eight to 12 meters. Majority of these roads are encroached upon and only six to 10 meters of the road is available for traffic.Last year, members of the Architecture Engineering Division of the Institute of Engineers had pointed out that cement and asphalt roads leave no scope for the water to permeate, resulting in water getting clogged at certain spots. They had observed that most of the city roads do not have proper slopes and drains. Even the existing stormwater drainage facility is ineffective during heavy rains because of the narrow width. The division had noted that cement dividers keep the water from flowing out, which leads to water collecting between dividers and footpaths. Separating stormwater and sewage drains remains on paperAfter widespread waterlogging following heavy rains in 2010, the then PMC chief Mahesh Zagade had ordered zonal commissioners to identify locations where sewage lines meet stormwater drains, resulting in overflowing. However, his order remains on paper. The PMC has repeatedly admitted that at many places, sewage lines are linked to stormwater drains, leading to overflowing of drains during heavy downpour. This not only results in waterlogging but also poses a health risk. Zonal commissioners were supposed to identify locations where this occurred and submit reports.What is stormwater drainage?Stormwater drainage helps drain out excess water from streets, sidewalks, roofs, buildings and other areas. Storm drains often function separately from sewer systems created for sanitation purposes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13792049", "title": "Cops probe a new angle in suicide of lady cop Sujatha", "text": "MYSORE: The suicide of Sujatha, a constable working with City Special Branch (CSB) last week, has taken a curious turn with police suspecting an inspector working at a Bangalore station of abetting her suicide. It is alleged that the inspector befriended Sujatha, when the former worked in a city police station. It is alleged their friendship continued even after his transfer to Bangalore.According to police, though city police have booked a UDR (unnatural death) case, their investigations have revealed that Sujatha, who had strained relations with her husband Lingadevaru, was living with her parents. Police source said the call details of her cellphone revealed that the inspector had sent an SMS. In the message, he had accused Sujatha of avoiding him after his transfer. He had also threatened to commit suicide.After returning home, Sujatha had a lengthy conversation with the inspector, and hanged herself. \"Sujatha talked to the inspector till midnight,\" a police source said.When contacted, city police commissioner K L Sudheer said: \"We have registered a UDR case under Section 174 of CrPC. Only after a thorough investigation can we tell whether anybody abetted her suicide. It also depends on the statements of Sujatha's parents and relatives. \"At present, I cannot tell whether the inspector has any role in her death,\" he added.Sujatha allegedly committed suicide on Thursday night at her house after returning from office. Only her father was at home when she took the extreme step.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13790698", "title": "LK Advani for collegium to appoint CEC, CAG", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP veteran LK Advani sparked off another row on Sunday after he wrote to PM Manmohan Singh seeking electoral reforms, including selection of election commissioners through a broad-based collegium, and also suggesting that the current system was vulnerable to manipulation and partisanship. This prompted a quick reaction from Congress which said Advani was only trying to divert attention from BJP's internal squabbles and from his own controversial blog in which he criticized his party chief Nitin Gadkari.Advani recommended the same selection process for CAG too. He said he was writing in the context of the upcoming vacancy in Election Commission with chief election commissioner SY Quraishi retiring later this month.Advani said the collegium should comprise the PM, Chief Justice of India, minister of law and justice and leader of opposition of both Houses. \"The present system whereby members to the Election Commission are appointed by the president, solely on the advice of the prime minister, does not evoke confidence among the people,'' he said in the letter dated June 2.\"Keeping these important decisions as the exclusive preserve of the ruling party renders the selection process vulnerable to manipulation and partisanship. Indeed, the credibility of this system was severely dented when a dubious appointment to the crucial office of CEC was made a few years ago,\" he added, referring to Navin Chawla's appointment as CEC.Advani said that in respect of the CVC and the CIC, the change had come about because of the intervention of the Supreme Court. \"Let the wholesome change come this time as a result of an initiative taken by the executive,'' he added.Next year, a vacancy will arise in the CAG. \"I would like to suggest in advance that, in this case too, a broad-based collegium should be empowered to select the best possible candidate,\" he said. He also mentioned that even the Second Administrative Reforms Commission (ARC), which had been appointed by the UPA government, had recommended in its report in 2009 that the CEC and other members of the Election Commission be appointed by a collegium.Congress, however, reacted swiftly saying Advani was trying to shift attention from the rift within his party. \"He wants to divert attention from his recent blog posting. The party is going through some internal turmoil, and Advani has come up with a new issue. He knows very well that the selection committee constituted for the selection of election commissioner is working very well,\" minister of state Harish Rawat said.\"Our Election Commission has been praised in the entire world. The way the Election Commission has successfully conducted all the elections, I think we need to salute that process,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13790521", "title": "Jeje's fitness a big concern: U-22 coach", "text": "NEW DELHI: As the Indian under-22 football team gears up for the qualifiers for the first Asian Cup at this level, coach Arthur Papas is trying to use the platform to build a stronger future for the senior national team.\"It has been about a lot of learning for the players with the new system. We don't have a lot of time. And the results don't come in 10-15 days,\" said Papas on the second day of the camp on Sunday.\"It's good that Asian Football Confederation is having a U-22 tournament. It's a chance for Indian football to nurture better players for the senior team. It's more important to have success at the senior level,\" Papas said.His team will be pitted against host Oman, Lebanon, Iraq, UAE and Turkmenistan .He also made it clear that he won't push star striker Jeje Lalpekhlua, who is recovering from a knee injury.\"For me, Jeje's fitness is the biggest concern. I would rather save him for the senior national team. In fact, I won't push any player who is a prospect for the senior team,\" remarked the coach.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13789917", "title": "Extortion call: Cops conduct raids to trace aides of accused", "text": "GURGAON: On Sunday, the Sushant Lok police conducted raids to trace the aides of a property dealer, who was arrested for making an extortion call to his brother-in-law, also a property dealer, demanding Rs 4 crore.The accused, Gaurav Sehgal, took the help of one of his friends in Dubai to make these calls. Police had produced him in a city court on Saturday and he was sent to four-day police remand.On Sunday, police conducted raids at several places in Gurgaon and Delhi to track other suspects in the case. \"Our team conducted raids at several places in the search of other accused who are suspected to be involved in the case,\" said a senior police officer.On Thursday, Ashish Thapar, a businessman lodged a complaint with the police by sending an email. Thapar had said that he had received an extortion call and the caller had threatened him of dire consequences if he failed to pay Rs 4 crore.Police investigation revealed that his own brother-in-law, Gaurav Sehgal, was involved in the case. The latter was arrested on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13790713", "title": "Fear of sea erosion grips coastal areas of Kozhikode district", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Overcast skies have brought with it the fear of sea fury and soil erosion in the coastal areas.The residents in the region are irked by the delays of irrigation department to complete the construction of sea wall before the onset of monsoon.The department has just started calling tenders for the building sea wall in the coastal areas.Residents of Koyilandy, Kollam, Kappad, Chorod, Vadakara and other coastal regions in the district have now demanded the authorities to speed up the sea wall construction to prevent loss to their life and property.They said that the government officials are reluctant to act quickly even after repeated requests by the locals.People's representatives including C K Nanu, MLA, have also come out in support of the locals in the coastal villages in their demand. \"The work should be completed before the monsoon gathers strength,\" Nanu said.The local leaders also raised the demand before the revenue officials during the taluk development committee meeting held at Vadakara on Saturday. At the meeting MLAs and members of taluk development committee said that sea erosion has been causing huge loss to families residing in coastal villages for years.Meanwhile, officials of irrigation department claimed that they are speeding up the construction of sea walls. The work at Poozhithala and Payeri Valappil are nearing completion.Officials said they have completed the tender work for the co nstruction of sea walls in Vadakara municipality and Chorode panchayat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "boston", "code": "13807020", "title": "NBA: Celtics edge Heat in OT to level series", "text": "BOSTON: Rajon Rondo sparked Boston after top scorer Paul Pierce had fouled out in over-time as the Celtics beat Miami 93-91 on Sunday to level their NBA playoff series.Pierce scored 23 points while Rondo added 15 points and 15 assists as the Celtics evened the best-of-seven Eastern Conference final at 2-2 with game five on Tuesday at Miami and game six back in Boston on Thursday.Either the Heat or the Celtics will face the Western Conference champions, the San Antonio Spurs or Oklahoma City Thunder , in the NBA Finals starting on June 12.After regulation time ended deadlocked at 89-89, stars became spectators as Pierce fouled out, collecting his sixth violation 38 seconds into over-time to foul out for the third time in five playoff games.\"When your leading scorer goes out, you have got to step up and make plays,\" Rondo said. \"That's what we did.\"Miami's LeBron James , who scored a game-high 29 points, fouled out with 1:51 remaining, the first time he had fouled out since leaving the Cleveland Cavaliers and joining the Heat two years ago.\"It was like chess. They took our queen and we took their queen,\" Celtics guard Ray Allen said. \"All that has to happen is the game has to be won. It doesn't matter what it looks like.\"Kevin Garnett added 17 points and 14 rebounds for the Celtics while Allen contributed 16 points. Dwyane Wade scored 20 points for Miami while Udonis Haslem had 12 points and 17 rebounds for the Heat.Haslem's slam dunk gave Miami a 91-89 lead early into over-time.But Boston's Marquis Daniels hit 1-of-2 free throws and Rondo sank a jumper to put the Celtics on top 92-91.Rondo also made 1-of-2 from the free throw line with 21.4 seconds to play to give Boston a 93-91 edge with Miami taking the ball.Wade elected to try a 3-point shot for the victory and evaded Daniels to create an open opportunity beyond the arc.\"I thought it was going in when it left his hand,\" Celtics coach Doc Rivers said.But Wade's shot clanked off the rim and the final buzzer sounded.\"We knew they were going to Wade,\" Rondo said. \"We played good defence on him and got the stop. We executed offensively, came up with some lucky plays and got some stops at the end.\"James, the NBA Most Valuable Player still searching for his first NBA title, was fuming in the locker room about the foul calls that forced him to the bench with the outcome still undecided.\"I don't foul out,\" James said. \"That sixth foul, I wish I had earned it. It would have been a foul (by) me. I know how to play basketball. I don't need the advantage of pushing somebody down or holding somebody, but whatever.\"We have to build off our mistakes, off good and bad things from the last two games. We've just got to come out with a sense of urgency. The last two games they have hit us hard. The post-season is all about adversity.\"The Celtics led by as many as 18 points in the first half and 16 in the third quarter.\"They hit a lot of shots in the first half,\" the Heat's Mario Chalmers said. \"Our defence wasn't as crisp as it normally is. In the second half we turned it up. We just kept trying to push the ball, get back into our game.\"The Heat took a 76-74 lead early in the fourth quarter with a 15-1 run that was capped by a layup from rookie Norris Cole.\"We came out in the second half and tried to throw knockout punches,\" Rivers said. \"Our execution in the first half was flawless, as well as we've ever had. In the second half, we got away from that and Miami took us out of our air space.\"Garnett sank an inside shot for an 89-86 Boston lead but James answered with a 3-pointer 15 seconds later to pull Miami level again. The Heat had the final shot of regulation time but Haslem missed a jump shot at the buzzer.\"No one said this was going to be easy,\" Heat coach Erik Spoelstra said. \"In the second half we got into the grind and into the fight,\" he added.\"It was a heck of a half but it wasn't a heck of a game.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13792802", "title": "Health department to monitor water tankers", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The government has decided to put a check on the practice of supply of polluted drinking water through tanker lorries with a view to prevent an epidemic outbreak during monsoon. Earlier the government had entrusted the health secretary to strictly monitor the distribution of drinking water after several cases of lorries supplying polluted water were reported in Kochi.\"The issue was worse during the summer season. With strict monitoring we have been able to curb the practice in many areas. With the onset of monsoon, there is possibility of an epidemic outbreak and water distribution has to be done in the most hygienic manner,\" said George Chackacherry, director, Shuchitwa Mission.Although health department will be primarily responsible for ensuring the distribution of clean water, it can also seek the assistance of police to enforce the government directive. \"Though water scarcity may not be as worse in monsoon as it was in summer, there are certain areas in the state which suffer from drinking water shortage. Proper steps will be taken to make sure that the residents get clean drinking water,\" another official said.All the local self government institutions have been asked to give registration to tanker lorries for ensuring compliance with various guidelines. An LSG official said that the colour of the lorries would also be monitored. \"It has been made mandatory that the colour of tanker lorry intended for supply of drinking water should be blue and it should also have a proper name board. Lorry meant for conveyance of septage should be painted in yellow colour and it should not be used for carrying drinking water,\" he said.The quality of water will be ensured by providing sufficient water treatment system comprising minimum of pressure sand filter, chlorination and pressure carbon filter.Although health department will be primarily responsible for ensuring the distribution of clean water, it can also seek the assistance of police to enforce the government directive", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13794935", "title": "Mere interaction with men makes a woman glow: Study", "text": "LONDON: A mere social interaction with a man can bring a glow to a woman's face, a new study has found that may lead to the development of new thermal imaging technology to monitor levels of stress and emotions. Researchers at the University of St Andrews found that even non-sexual contact with men caused a noticeable rise in the temperature of a woman's face.The team, which used thermal imaging to detect changes in heterosexual women during their meetings with other people, found that even without noticing, a woman's face would heat up in the company of the opposite sex.The findings, published in Biology Letters, could be used in the development of thermal imaging to monitor levels of stress and emotion in future. Amanda Hahn, who led the study, said researchers measured skin temperature on a woman's hand, arm, face and chest when they interacted with men. They found the most dramatic increase occurred in a woman's face,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13791164", "title": "Public Accounts Committee attack murder of democracy: BJP", "text": "GUWAHATI: A day after the opposition All India United Democratic Front (AIUDF) criticized the state government for not arresting those accused of 'mandhandling' of a member of the Public Accounts Committee (PAC) in Nagaon last week, BJP on Sunday said that the attack was tantamount to \"murdering democracy\".BJP on Saturday wrote to President Pratibha Patil demanding a CBI inquiry into the attack on PAC member and BJP legislator Prashanta Phukan on May 29 at Nagaon circuit house. Both BJP and AIUDF have alleged that Nagaon zilla parishad vice-president and Congress member Nurul Huda was involved in the attack.\"The PAC is a dignified body and the attack on one of its members is an clear-cut attempt to murder democracy in the state. If the accused are not meted out exemplary punishment, it will send a very send a wrong signal to the people. Future investigation of any anomalies can hampered by this kind of attack,\" BJP legislator Ranjit Das told a press conference here on Sunday.Das alleged zilla parishads across the state have become \"hubs of corruption\". He added that the scale of corruption in Nagaon and Dhubri zilla parishads was significantly high. \"The PAC team visited Nagaon to investigate anomalies of funds in the zilla parishad. That is why, the team came under attack from members of the ruling Congress party. The attackers thought that they would be able to cover up the corruption with the attack,\" Das said.He termed the role of the Nagaon police and administration as \"unfortunate\", saying that even though an FIR has been filed, the accused have not been arrested yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "vapi", "code": "13791904", "title": "Land grabbers in Valsad to face action soon", "text": "VAPI: A special investigation team headed by Valsad district magistrate has ordered police to immediately file complaints against all those allegedly involved in illegal transfer and sale of government and tribal lands in the region.The district-level SIT was formed by the state revenue department after receiving nearly 30 complaints of illegal land transfer and possession issues that cropped up in a short period.SIT has asked police to file complaints in three cases of illegal land transactions at Salvav village in Pardi taluka.\"I was shocked when the complainant brought to my notice that the issues were pending since long and there are serious allegations of records of government-owned land records being tampered. SIT investigations also revealed that all those involved got away easily,\" said L Patel, Valsad collector.Patel said that the accused tried to hide or remove tribal caste and its related reserved tenure mentioned in the old revenue records to avoid levy of huge premium amount to state governments.Patel has also ordered to mamlatdar of Pardi to file complaints against the main accused along with signed witnesses who had confirmed the transaction documents along with caste and ownership identity mentioned in document draft.The complainant, Naresh Patel, an advocate, said this is a serious offence pertaining to original tribal land owners and its related transfer rights to heirs. The tampering of goverment and tribal old land records has caused a heavy loss to the state exchequer.LS Chaudhary, mamlatdar of Pardi confirmed that he has received an order from SIT and said that complaints will be filed against all the accused, directly or indirectly involved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13807905", "title": "Dhanush's next titled 'Sotta Vazhakutty'", "text": "Director Sarkunam is all set to join hands with Dhanush. As per the latest reports, Danush and Sarkunam will work together for an upcoming Tamil film, 'Sotta Vazhakutty'.Speaking to a leading daily, Sarkunam has confirmed the news and claimed that Dhanush has given his nod for Sotta Vazhakutty . The producer and other lead cast and crew for this film are not yet finalised. The film is set at a rural backdrop. This will be a romantic comedy film.Meanwhile director is in hunt for the cast and crew of the film. On the other hand Dhanush is busy in wrapping up his Bollywood debut film Raanjhnaa .Source: currentweek.net", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13803113", "title": "Akshay Kumar chooses Asin over Nargis Fakhri", "text": "Speculations over Akshay Kumar's leading lady in his upcoming co-production Khiladi 786 can now be put to rest. While Nargis Fakhri and Diana Penty were being considered for the role, we have learnt that Asin has been finalised as the spunky younger sister of Mithun Chakraborty's character in the film.A source told us, \"Though Nargis Fakhri was being considered for it, the makers felt that she wouldn't suit the role of Mithunda's younger sister. Akshay and Himesh Reshammiya, were keen on having Asin on board. She has been a part of various blockbusters, including Ghajini, Ready and Housefull 2 . All these films have earned over Rs 100 crore.\"Interestingly, Asin signed the project last Friday, a day before the film went on floors. However, the actress will join the shoot only next week.Apart from Akshay and Asin in the lead roles, the film will also see Mithun Chakraborty essaying the role of a don Tatya Tukaram Tendulkar. Paresh Rawal as Champaklal and Himesh as Mansukh play matchmakers. While Raj Babbar will essay the role of Akki's father Sattar Singh.The film is directed by Rohit Shetty's associate Ashish R Mohan and will hit the theatres on December 7.Despite repeated attempts, Himesh and Akshay remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "kochi/pune", "code": "13792328", "title": "Coast is clear: Monsoon to hit Kerala in 48 hrs", "text": "KOCHI/PUNE: After keeping the country and the powers-that-be on tenterhooks, the skies have thrown up a positive sign: the south-west monsoon which should have hit Kerala five days ago will arrive in the next 48 hours, with June 6 being the farther limit.On Sunday, the Indian Meteorological Department in Pune forecast favourable conditions for the monsoon in the next 24 hours, after a week's hiatus over the Arabian Sea. \"Monsoon is likely to set in over southern parts of Kerala in the next 48 hours,\" said IMD director Sunitha Devi.Asked whether the delay would impact its progress across India, Devi said, \"The delay can barely be seen as a drastic deviation. We have had instances when monsoon has hit Kerala as late as June 18,\" she said. \"The current delay need not necessarily lead to a progressive delay in movement across the country.\"The meteorological office also had something for north India, reeling under blistering heat. Temperatures are likely to fall in the next 24 hours, with \"isolated dust storm and thundershowers over parts of northwest India\", Devi said.\"A western disturbance has moved away from Jammu and Kashmir while another is approaching from northeast Afghanistan and Pakistan. This will trigger isolated dust storm and thundershowers in the north,\" she said.Pre-monsoon showers to reach Maharashtra by June 6The southwest monsoon has been swirling in the Arabian Sea for over a week now, but conditions are favourable now, the meteorological office has signalled.This year, monsoon arrived in the Andaman Sea on May 23, three days behind schedule. It moved northwards on May 25, to cover south and central Bay of Bengal. But there was no movement for a week due to unfavourable weather conditions in the Arabian Sea. IMD says this will change in the next 24 hours.Conditions are good for monsoon to advance over parts of southeast Arabian Sea, Maldives and Comorin (the area between south of Tamil Nadu, Kerala and west of Sri Lanka), said Sunitha Devi, director of the Indian Meteorological Department. Ahead of the onset of monsoon, rain may occur at many places in Lakshadweep, Kerala, coastal Karnataka, Andaman and Nicobar Islands, Andhra and Tamil Nadu in the next 24 hours. Central India, including Vidarbha, where mercury has soared over 45 degrees, is likely to receive pre-monsoon showers around June 6. This will bring down temperatures, the meteorological office said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13788946", "title": "Big B road safety plan slammed", "text": "MUMBAI: Minister of state for home Satej Patil's plan to rope in Amitabh Bachchan as the brand ambassador to create awareness on road safety may hit a roadblock. Charan Singh Sapra of the Congress has raised an objection saying the actor is already Gujarat's a brand ambassador.\"Bachchan is the brand ambassador of the BJP-led state. The actor is also known for his proximity to the Samajwadi Party ,'' he said.\"How can the Congress associate itself with a personality who does not gel with the party ideology?\" Sapra said. \"I am writing to the CM asking him to intervene and direct the minister (Patil) not to proceed with the plan,\" Sapra added. \"I will ask Patil to think of other celebrities.\"Last week, Patil had written to Bachchan, requesting him to join hands with the state government in creating awareness on traffic safety.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13791025", "title": "Unique identification numbers for 3.6mn people in Tamil Nadu delayed", "text": "CHENNAI: The state government's ambitious plan to introduce biometrics-based ration cards may not take off soon due to differences between the census directorate under the Union Home Ministry and the Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) over allotment of unique identification numbers to Tamil Nadu citizens. Some 3.6 million-odd people, whose biometric parameters have been captured in the state since May last year by the census wing, have still not been given resident identity cards affixed with a UID number.In Tamil Nadu, the collection of biometric parameters for granting a UID (Aadhaar) number is presently being handled by the census department alone as part of an exercise under the National Population Register (NPR) unlike some other states like Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka, where the UIDAI is also involved in biometric data collection through agencies such as nationalized banks, insurance companies and post offices, alongside NPR operations.The directorate of census operations has taken up the exhaustive task of capturing fingerprints, iris data and photographs in nine districts: Trichy, Cuddalore, Pudukkottai, Ariyalur, Perambalur, Tiruvannamalai, Erode, Karur and Madurai. Cuddalore tops the list with 8.6 lakh people, closely followed by Pudukkottai 6.4 lakh. Trichy and Ariyar come third and fourth with 5.7 lakh and 5.06 lakh respectively. On any given day, biometric parameters of 25,000 people are captured in these nine districts through operators authorised by UIDAI after a testing process.However, the issuing of resident identity cards affixed with Aadhar numbers is getting delayed due to the UIDAI's insistence on public display of enumerated names for scrutiny. \"When the entire exercise was done under the supervision of local revenue officials like village administrative officers authorized for enumeration, what is the need for scrutiny now,\" said a senior government official.Interestingly, sources claimed that the UIDAI did not insist on this provision even when its own registrars - nationalized banks, insurance agencies and post offices --- took up the data collection exercise in the state till February 2012. About 27 lakh persons in the state were issued cards by UIDAI between May 2011 and February 2012 based on supporting documents for identity/address and based on references from an introducer, without publishing names in public for scrutiny.It was only after February 2012 that the UIDAI took a decision to bring the entire job in Tamil Nadu and a few other states under the NPR programme. \"When the issue of duplication in work cropped up between NPR and UID, the Union Cabinet took a decision to allow the UIDAI to enroll 60 crore people in 16 states and the Union Territories, where it has made extensive progress and leave the rest to NPR. Tamil Nadu is not part of the UIDAI-covered states,\" a senior official pointed out. However, none of the 3.6 million people whose data was collected under the NPR exercise since May 2011 have received their resident identity cards.Now the state hopes to resolve the issue soon following an exchange of letters seeking a speedy resolution. UIDAI Bangalore regional officials told TOI that the display of names and data in public places was necessary for issuing unique identity numbers, as per norms recommended by a demographic data standards and verification procedure committee led by former chief vigilance commissioner N Vittal. \"The panel had recommended in its report in 2009 public scrutiny, among other things. Unless there is a policy decision at the centre, public scrutiny will continue to remain for authentication of identity of persons (for NPR),\" said a senior UIDAI official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13788321", "title": "Tiff with mother led to suicide?", "text": "KOLKATA: Subhro Sarkar, a 21-year-old engineering student, who was found dead under mysterious circumstances at his Sodepur flat on Saturday had sent the last SMS to one of his friends. Police have started a probe of unnatural death and the body has been sent for post mortem.Police said that Subhro was a second-year computer engineering student of a private college at Salt Lake's Sector V. His father Debdulal Sarkar, also an engineer, works in a Bangalore-based private company. The deceased was staying alone at his flat for the last two days, as his mother Kaveri Sarkar had gone to her daughter's house in Jamshedpur.Police said Subhro had sent a message from his mobile on Saturday to one of his close friends, who lives in Nadia, saying that he was having some problem with his mother and she was suffering a lot for him. According to the cops, the last SMS sent by Subhro read 'Ami Choley Jabo' ( I will go away). \"The SMS was sent at 8pm and the friend called him immediately, but Subhro did not pick up the call,\" said police.Sensing something amiss, the friend left for Subhro's house at night and reached his flat at Sodepur's Nilgange Road at around 9:30pm. \"Subhro used to live on the third floor of the apartment. As the main gate downstairs was locked, the friend tried Subhro's cell number. The phone kept ringing and his friend could even hear that from outside,\" said police sources.The youth then alerted the neighbours and others in the apartment. Eventually, the door of Subhro's flat had to be broken. After entering they found Subhro sitting still on a chair in front of a computer, which was on. A doctor was called immediately and Subhro was declared dead. Officers from Sodepur police station reached the spot after being informed by the locals.The cops found that the ACs in two rooms were on. \"Subhro was not electrocuted as his body was touched by the doctor. There were no external injuries on his body,\" said police sources. Though, the cops have not yet found any evidence of foul play, they noticed that the fingers on one of his hands had become bluish. Police suspect the deceased might had consumed some drug or poison. Additional DC, Barrackpore Police, Biswajit Ghosh, said: \"We are talking to the family members and relatives of the deceased.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13790141", "title": "Islampur threatens to bring Gurgaon to halt over encroachment drive", "text": "GURGAON: Residents of Islampur village who had blocked Subhash Chowk on the Gurgaon-Sohna road on May 10, protesting against the demolition order by HUDA administrator Praveen Kumar, threatened that if the authorities take any action, then the panchayats of 360 villages will bring the whole of Gurgaon to a halt.HUDA officials had come to the village after Kumar ordered demolition of all the shops and houses, claiming that they all were HUDA's property. The villagers lodged a complaint with the deputy commissioner who assured them that appropriate action would be taken after a proper investigation. However, no action has been taken yet. \"We have been living here for years. HUDA is claiming our land. It is not only unfair but also a breach of the villagers' trust. We will bring the entire city to a halt if it takes any inappropriate action,\" said Bhim Singh Thakran, councillor of Ward 27.The councillor said the HUDA officials had come to the village on May 8 without notice and at a time when all the courts had closed for the day. The officials had come with bulldozers and other machines to demolish shops and houses. To protest the authority's move, the panchayats of 25 villages blocked the Gurgaon-Sohna road, disrupting the traffic during the peak hour.An FIR was lodged against the entire village at the Sadar police station. The villagers along with their councillors also registered a complaint with the deputy commissioner.\"Our lands are 200 years old and have been passed on to us by our ancestors. Our village does not have green belts but this can't be the reason for anyone to take away our source of livelihood. Our sons and grandsons are dependent on these lands,\" said Hari Singh, a farmer from Islampur.Accusing HUDA of favouring the private sector, Thakran said: \"Everyone should ask the administrator what he has done for the residents of the village and to solve their problems\". \"Where were they when we constructed these shops and houses,\" said Sube Singh, another villager.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13806082", "title": "Bharathiraja's son is villain", "text": "Veteran director Bharathiraja introduced his son in lead role through the movie Taj Mahal. The film boasted of a stupendous music by A.R. Rahman , but failed to make an impression in box office. Following this film, the actor wasn't able to deliver any big hits.Off the late, he decided to wear director's hat and joined as assistant head for Shankar's Endhiran . Now the actor will appear in big screen once again, but in a negative shade.According to the sources, the actor will be playing negative role in his father Bharathiraja's upcoming film ' Annakodiyum Kodiveeranum '.Source: starview.in", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13791536", "title": "Man arrested for duping 17 people", "text": "PUNE: A man was arrested by the Pune rural police on Sunday for allegedly duping around 17 people on the pretext of giving their cars out on rent and promising them handsome monthly incomes in return.The local crime branch of the Pune rural police have recovered 12 cars from the suspect identified as Santosh Dagadu Ovhal of Yashwantnagar, Talegaon Dabhade. Ovhal was arrested from Nalasopara in Mumbai. Laxman Devtarase of Dehu road has lodged a complaint in this regard.Police inspector of the local crime branch Nitinkumar Gokave said that in his complaint, Devtarase said he got to know the suspect in January.\"Ovhal had introduced himself as a transporter and said that he had good contacts in various companies in Talegaon Dabhade MIDC. He convinced Devtarase to give his cars on rent to these companies through him. Ovhal promised that he would pay Rs 17,000 to Rs 18,000 per month per car. He also said that he would take care of the maintenance of the car and the driver's salary.\"Gokave said that Devtarase gave two cars and his friends six cars to Ovhal, who gave them fake contracts for each vehicle.However, Devtarase did not get the rent for his vehicles from January to May. He could not even contact Ovhal since he had changed his phone number. Devtarase then approached the police and lodged a complaint against Ovhal.Assistant police inspector Satish Hodgar and his team tracked down Ovhal to Nalasopara in Mumbai.During interrogation, Ovhal admitted he had duped 17 people. \"Ovhal had given the cars to some people in Thane and Lonavla and had taken money from them as rent,\" Hodgar said. \"However, he did not go back to them to collect rent for the subsequent months,\" he said.Investigations have revealed that Ovhal had frittered away all the money. \"We have recovered 13 cars worth Rs 41 lakh from him and will soon recover the remaining cars,\" Hodgar said.Inspector Gokave said Ovhal is employed with the railways . \"He used to tell people that he was a ticket checker, but was actually working in some other department. He had remained absent from work for the last one year,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13808808", "title": "New syllabus for commerce students in DU this year", "text": "Class XII Board results are out and students are preparing to apply to their choice of colleges and courses in the new academic session. A large number of students, every year, apply to the commerce stream. In a new trend, in the last few years, the cut-offs for commerce have been increasing, even going up to a 100% for BCom (Honours) at Shri Ram College of Commerce (SRCC) in 2011.However, students opting for commerce courses at the undergraduate level in DU this year will have a range of mandatory and optional papers to study. The course curriculum under the commerce stream has undergone a major restructuring during the shift from annual to semester mode last year.According to Amit Sachdeva, head, department of commerce, SRCC, changes introduced in the syllabus in the semester mode will be applicable from the academic year 2012-13. A number of subjects, which were optional till last year, have been made mandatory and a range of optional papers have been introduced.\"The changes have been made keeping in mind the demands of the contemporary world. Human resource management, principals of marketing, international business and financial management, which were optional papers, have been made mandatory subjects from the upcoming session. This is to give students a wider knowledge-base, which will help them in higher studies as well as in the industry.\"Adds Sachdeva, \"In order to offer more options of subjects and topics in commerce, which are not covered in the main papers, about 10-15 new optional papers have been introduced. Some of these include financial markets and institutions, entrepreneurship, compensation managements, corporate taxes, advertising as well as personal selling.\"According to him, in a new trend, there is a gradual shift from doing a CA, as opposed to earlier, when there was a major inflow of commerce graduates. These days, more students want to opt for an MBA in finance, marketing, human resources, etc, or open their own start-ups after a few years of work experience.However, this is different for students who go abroad for an MBA. Foreign universities offering MBA allow students to take admission only if they have a work experience of about two or three years. In this case, students, after graduating in commerce take up a job for a few years and later enrol for an MBA outside. This makes students more equipped for the course and allows them to appreciate the programme better.A plethora of contemporary career options are open to BCom (Honours) students, adds Sachdeva. These include business administration, CA, CFA ( Chartered Financial Analyst), investment management, auditing, tax planning, corporate banking, global banking, corporate governance, etc.Also, few of the new optional papers introduced to the curriculum deal with studying business related to information technology, which opens up more avenues apart from the regular ones for students of commerce.\"A number of concurrent papers have been introduced to the commerce syllabus at the undergraduate level. Some of these like e-commerce, fundamentals of computers and business data processing take care of the IT component, which is relevant to the field of commerce in the present day scenario. Sectors like software development, enterprise resource planning (ERP), etc, look for people with a strong background in business studies along with good IT skills,\" says Arvind Kumar, senior faculty, department of commerce, Lady Shri Ram (LSR) College.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "13791112", "title": "Drunken driving kills two in Shillong", "text": "SHILLONG: Two of a family died in an accident and another seriously injured when their bike collided head on with a truck at Shillong's infamous Barik Point on Saturday evening. Govind Chetri (30) and his two-year-old daughter Mahek were killed on the spot, while his wife Pushpa, who has been admitted in the Shillong Civil Hospital, is in a critical condition. Police said the driver of the truck, who has been identified as Phidalis Rymbai was drunk when he hit the motorbike at around 9.30 pm.\"Barik Point is one of the most chaotic intersections in the city and the police department should focus more on this juncture because it is on the national highway,\" the former police officer said. \"The highway is a one-way route till 8 in the evening and once the no-entry restrictions are removed after 8, trucks speed through the city. But, traffic police are nowhere to be seen,\" said Michael Warjri, a resident of Shillong.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13791057", "title": "Vegetable prices to go up once schools reopen", "text": "CHENNAI: You will have to pay more for vegetables once schools and colleges in the city reopen. Traders say there is likely to be a rise in demand as parents tend to buy vegetables daily once schools opens to ensure that their children have a healthy diet.The spurt in demand is expected increase vegetable prices by an average of 30% at Koyambedu Wholesale Market in the coming week. With the hostels at colleges and residential schools also reopening, the demand for vegetables will increase further and drive up prices too. Retail prices of all vegetables are at least Rs 8 to Rs 10 per kg higher than at the Koyambedu market. Department stores like Spencer's and Reliance Fresh sell all vegetables at prices between Rs 12 and Rs 15 higher than at the wholesale market. At Koyembedu, the price of beans is now Rs 40 a kg and carrot is Rs 30 a kg.\"We are trying to keep the prices of vegetables stable despite a widening gap between demand and supply,\" said R Soundararajan, a wholesale dealer and former member of Koyembedu Market Management Committee.People in the city are struggling to budget for their needs, \"Chennai is becoming a very costly city,\" said S Krishnan, a resident of Nanganallur.Though the demand is set to rise, supply has not increased. Lack of summer showers in Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh, the major vegetable suppliers to the city, has hit the supply. Karnataka contributes around 70% of all vegetables, including carrot, beans and ginger, supplied to the city. With limited stocks, most vegetable suppliers in Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh prefer to sell the vegetables to Kerala for higher prices even though Chennai is a closer destination.Tamil Nadu only produces adequate tomatoes to meet the city's needs. Onions are brought to Chennai from Maharashtra and potatoes from Uttar Pradesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "jehanabad/arwal", "code": "13791682", "title": "Jehanabad, Arwal bandh against Brahmeshwar killing", "text": "JEHANABAD/ARWAL: Normal life was paralysed in the twin districts of Jehanabad and Arwal on Sunday following a dawn-to-dusk bandh called by Akhil Bharatiya Rashtrawadi Kisan Sangathan (ABRKS) to protest against the killing of Ranvir Sena founder, Brahmeshwar Singh alias Mukhiyaji, on Friday.The bandh was total in both the districts as all the business establishments, shops, drug stores, medical clinics and petrol pumps were closed and vehicles remained off the roads.In Jehanabad, demonstrations and 'rasta roko' marked the district-wide protests which remained by and large peaceful barring stray incidents of vandalism and minor skirmishes. Vehicular traffic was disrupted on NH-83 near Arwal Mor in Jehanabad following road blockade and burning of tyres by ABRKS activists. Train services were also disrupted following squatting on railway tracks at Jehanabad railway station of the East Central Railway (ECR) for a couple of hours by the activists. The window panes of several buses and trucks were smashed by the hoodlums.According to Jehanabad SP Harpreet Kaur, five activists trying to indulge in violence were arrested while five others were taken under custody for enforcing bandh in the city. More arrests may be made after scanning the video footage, she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13790884", "title": "Team Anna partial to BJP, says Congress", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress on Sunday hinted at saffron support to Baba Ramdev and Team Anna, asking the anti-corruption crusaders why they had not named any BJP leader accused of corruption. The party rubbished allegations leveled by them against PM Manmohan Singh of wrongdoing in the allocation of coal blocks in 2006-09, saying the charges were baseless.AICC spokesman Rashid Alvi launched a direct attack on yoga guru Ramdev and Team Anna, accusing them of being biased towards the BJP. \"They did not take the name of any BJP leader. Some (BJP leaders) stayed in jail. Their names were also not taken,\" he said.The party questioned why the civil society activists were unable to look at people with glaring corruption charges like former Karnataka chief minister BS Yeddyurappa, former BJP president Bangaru Laxman or the Reddy brothers of Bellary. \"It shows their mindset,\" Alvi said, adding that leaders of several political parties were named in the context of corruption but none was from the BJP.Congress also targeted Ramdev for criticizing the PM, saying the nation would not accept the defaming of established institutions. \"Annaji and Ramdevji should understand that in the name of fighting corruption, if they want to destroy the established institutions or defame them, then the country will not accept it,\" MoS for parliamentaryaffairs Harish Rawat said.To a question on FDI also being termed as black money by the yoga guru, the minister said, \"Then wherever foreign investment is being done, or any country which welcomes foreign investment means that the economy of those countries are running on black money, whether it is China or any other country.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13787969", "title": "Soon, licence system for wine makers", "text": "NASHIK: The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) is planning to introduce a licensing system for wine manufacturers and retailers. The FDA has contacted the excise department about the issue and accordingly a letter has been sent by the Nashik FDA officials to the local excise department, asking it to submit a list of wineries and wine shops in the Nashik division.\"As per the new Food Safety Standards Act, wine comes under the food category. As there are concerns over quality, we are planning to make licenses mandatory for wineries and wine retailers (shops),\" an FDA department official said.The official continued, \"Wine manufacturing is the concern of the excise department, but it comes under the FDA as far as quality is concerned. Our duty is to check whether the colour is proper and it is not injurious to health, whether quality is being maintained or not and whether the proportion of alcohol in the wine is as per norms. Obtaining licences will be mandatory for wine shops and manufacturers. Wineries processing less than two metric tonne of grapes per day will have to obtain a licence,\" he said, pointing out that wineries processing more than two tonne grapes a day come under the jurisdiction of the Centre.However, the FDA's move has not gone down well with wine makers, who are planning to meet state FDA commissioner Mahesh Zagade to discuss the issue.Jagdish Holkar, president, All India Wine Producers' Association, and chairman of the Indian Grape Processing Board (IGPB), said, \"All alcoholic beverages come under the excise department and we have still not understood what FDA actually expects. We are planning to talk to Zagade in this connection.\"\"The Confederation of Indian Alcoholic Beverages Companies have also moved court in this connection. It is not good to deal with two government departments at a time. We have already drawn up rules and regulations for wine under our regulatory board and so there is no need for a third window like the FDA. We also have obligations to maintain quality norms of the International Organisation of Vine and Wine (OIV). Hence, food safety norms should not be applied to wineries,\" Holkar added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "theni", "code": "13793942", "title": "Man in Naxal hotbed held for making rifle", "text": "THENI: A 57-year-old man was arrested in Theni for attempting to make a country rifle on Saturday evening.Police raided a coconut grove in Varushanadu, once a hideout of naxals and found that the man was in possession of a country rifle. Police also found wooden pieces and a wood driller used for making rifles. Police said that the man, a farmer, had bought the rifle from a group of nomadic tribes six years back but did not possess a license to own one. \"He was attempting to make a rifle of his own now. But we seized the components and arrested him,\" a police officer said.The arrested man was identified as S Pandi of Mannuthu village near Varashanadu. Police received a tip off that rifles were being made in a coconut grove on the Kumananthozhu - Mannuthu road. Immediately, a team led by inspector Immanuel Rajkumar raided the grove. As soon as the police team landed in the grove, Pandi attempted to hide a rifle in a haystack. However, police spotted him in the act and seized the rifle. The police then searched the grove and found wooden pieces - one of the pieces carved to make the butt of a rifle - carpentry tools, a wood driller and chemicals there. Pandi was immediately arrested.Suspecting that Pandi might have been making rifles and selling it to anti-social elements, police interrogated him. \"But inquiries revealed that he has not sold any rifles. He owns a two-acre cashew grove in the foothills. Wild boars and other animals used to stray into his grove and damage the crops. Since they also posed a threat to him, Pandi had bought the rifle from Paliyar tribesmen six years back. However, he had not obtained license to possess a rifle. Recently the rifle went faulty. So he decided to make one of his own,\" said Andipatti DSP Vijayabaskaran.The police are inquiring how Pandi learnt to make a rifle and from where he sources some of the chemicals used to stuff inside a bullet.Varashanadu hills were the hotbed of naxals in Tamil Nadu and police have seized weapons several times in the past from the region. In a major haul in 2008, seven country-made guns, five revolvers and five bullets were seized from them during raids in Cumbum, Bodi, Thevaram and Goodalur areas abutting Varashanadu hills while eight suspected Maoists were arrested then.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13813848", "title": "Did wannabe model find Poonam Pandey's lost iPhone?", "text": "A couple of weeks ago, actor Poonam Pandey lost her iPhone at mega mall in Mumbai. The phone contained several pictures of the actors, movie scripts, and her PR planner too. While the dusky actor thought that the phone may have got lost, certain peculiar circumstances off late have pointed towards a sinister possibility.The leggy lass assumed that some diehard fan may have found her IPhone and decided to keep it as his prized possession.However, in the last couple of weeks, certain traits and articles that have been published in the media have brought about a sense of Deja Vu.A small time model has been going to town claiming that she would strip for an IPL team post the finals at Chennai. She has also been circulating her pictures that are an exact copy of the same poses and pics that were published of actor Poonam last year.The conspiracy theory just deepens as one after another copycat quotes, pictures and even tweets are emerging from the wannabe model.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "kochi/pune", "code": "13790479", "title": "Monsoon to reach Kerala in next 48 hours", "text": "KOCHI/PUNE: The south-west monsoon, which should have hit Kerala on June 1, will arrive in the next 48 hours, with June 6 being the farther limit, according to the Indian Meteorological Department in Pune on Sunday.Delayed by full five days, IMD officials forecast favorable conditions for monsoon in the next 24 hours after a week's hiatus over the Arabian Sea. \"Monsoon is likely to set in over southern parts of Kerala in the next 48 hours,\" said IMD director Sunitha Devi.Asked whether the delay would impact its progress across India, Devi said, \"The delay can barely be seen as a drastic deviation. We've had instances when monsoon has hit Kerala as late as June 18,\" she said. \"The current delay need not necessarily lead to a progressive delay in movement across the country,\" the IMD director said.There appeared something for North India, reeling under blistering heat, to cheer about as well: temperatures are likely to fall in the next 24 hours.\"We expect isolated dust storm and thundershowers over parts of northwest India,\" Devi said.\"A western disturbance has moved away from Jammu &amp; Kashmir while another is approaching from northeast Afghanistan and Pakistan . This will trigger isolated dust storm and thundershowers in the north,\" she said.Pilot rains may occur at many places over Lakshadweep , Kerala, coastal Karnataka, Andaman &amp; Nicobar Islands, Andhra and Tamil Nadu in the next 24 hours. \"Fishermen have been warned against venturing deep as strong onshore winds are likely to prevail off the coasts,\" said Santhosh Kumar, director, IMD Thiruvananthapuram.This year, the monsoon arrived over the Andaman Sea on May 23, three days later than its May 20 date. It moved northwards on May 25, to cover south and central Bay of Bengal. However, there was no movement for a week due to unfavorable weather conditions in the Arabian Sea. Strong anti-cyclonic winds had impacted flow of the south-westerly winds that bring monsoon to India. IMD says this will change in the next 24 hours.Conditions are good for monsoon to advance over parts of southeast Arabian Sea, Maldives and Comorin - the area between south of Tamil Nadu, Kerala and west of Sri Lanka and southwest Bay of Bengal.Heat in eastern India is likely for some more days owing to dry and cloud-free conditions over Bay of Bengal. \"The afternoon sea breeze may reduce temperatures in coastal areas, but it will remain hot in the interiors,\" Devi said.Central India, including Vidarbha, where mercury has soared to over 45 degrees, is likely to receive pre-monsoon showers around June 6 and 7 owing to rising moisture. This will bring down temperatures, the IMD director said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13790578", "title": "Metro work to begin as Ved Vatika house owners agree to Jaipur Metro Rail Corporation proposal", "text": "JAIPUR: As the affected house owners of the Ved Vatika colony has shown consent to take land in Swej Farm near Jyoti Rao Phoole College, Metro officials now have ray of hope to start construction work between Shyam Nagar and Ram Nagar stations soon. Parts of Ved Vatika colony has been acquired for the Jaipur Metro rail project and the affected house owners have been refusing to take lands far away from their colony and have also been demanding proper compensation.\"The affected house owners have agreed to take land near Swej Farm. Rehabilitation process will be completed soon,\" Shuchi Sharma, additional commissioner of Jaipur Development Authority (JDA).The Jaipur Metro Rail Corporation (JMRC) has allotted approximately 1,100 meters of land to the owners whose land has been acquired for the Jaipur metro project.Though, the house owners have shown consent as they were \"forced\" and had no other option, many of them are disappointed by the map of the colony. \"The shape of the plots is not appropriate. Also, road in the colony is very narrow unlike JDA approved colony,\" said Yuvraj Singh , an affected house owner.Other affected house owners also claimed that the JMRC is paying compensation according to the Public Works Department (PWD) BSR rates of 2006. They claimed that as PWD BSR rates are very less and they will not be able to construct their houses again with the compensation provided.As delay in possession of land continues at two points on the Jaipur Metro's 9.8 km route (Mansarovar to Chandpole), the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) had also written a letter to the state government to not hold it responsible for the delay in the project.\"In our correspondence with the state government, we have mentioned that the dateline to complete the civil work at the points where the land is not transferred till date will only be decided after the DMRC took possession of land,\" a highly placed source at the DMRC said.Also, in the letter, it was mentioned that the DMRC should not be held responsible for the delay in project, if there is further delay in land transfer. \"The land was expected to be transferred in December. The work, including piling, peering, and laying of bed for tracks, requires around 12 to 13 months' time,\" the source added.So far, the work between Shyam Nagar and Ram Nagar stations has not started. Similarly, possession of land of Saini House situated between Jaipur railway station and Sindhi Camp has also not been taken by the JMRC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13791845", "title": "Ramdev-Kejriwal spat clouds anti-graft show", "text": "NEW DELHI: Anna Hazare and Baba Ramdev came together on Sunday for an intensified campaign against corruption and black money but the effort to stage a united front was marred by bickering over whether Prime Minister Manmohan Singh should be attacked directly.While Ramdev began the day with a rousing speech in which he called the PM \"an honest man who must now set his cabinet right\", Arvind Kejriwal of Team Anna went directly after the PM on the coal blocks auction issue. In a first for the anti-graft campaign, Kejriwal virtually questioned the PM's integrity by citing various irregularities when he was also in charge of the coal ministry.This did not go down well with Ramdev. The yoga guru said he did not agree with personal attacks since the movement was about larger issues, not individuals. Immediately afterwards, Kejriwal left the venue leading to speculation about his unhappiness over the public snub. However, he later claimed that he had to leave because of ill health. He agreed that there were differences but said he would bring the Baba around.Ramdev, too, tried to play down the divergence, holding that there may be \"differences of work culture\" but the goals were the same. \"I too take names sometimes. It happens sometimes in the flow,\" he said.Differences apart, the coming together of the two factions of civil society is significant. The two groups didn't see eye to eye on several issues and many in Team Anna appeared to have reservations about the Hindutva leanings of the yoga guru as well as his controversial views on issues like homosexuality.'PM must make cabinet graft-free'The bases of the two factions are different with the yoga guru deriving his support from small towns and villages as distinct from Team Anna's appeal in the cities. The fusion can be effective especially now that Team Anna has decided to renew its campaign which has bruised the government and sapped its goodwill. The fresh phase with the PM in its sights comes at a time when the government is in disarray and Coalgate has been taken up as a weapon by the opposition also.The Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) has estimated that allocations of coal blocks without auction brought private companies Rs 1.8 lakh crore in \"undue gains\". The CAG report was not tabled in the budget session but there will be pressure to bring it to Parliament in the monsoon session.Ramdev's restraint stood out because it is the yoga guru who has taken an aggressive tack in the past and has been seething since the midnight police action on his supporters at Ramlila Maidan last year.Importantly, his sparing the PM did not buffer him from a furious response from the Congress, which hinted at saffron support to the agitation and questioned why the anti-graft campaigners were not taking the names of those from the BJP who were facing graft charges.\"They did not take the name of any BJP leader. Some (BJP leaders) stayed in jail. Their names were also not taken,\" AICC spokesperson Rashid Alvi said. The party questioned why the civil society activists were unable to look at people with glaring corruption charges like former Karnataka chief minister B S Yeddyurappa, former BJP president Bangaru Laxman or the Reddy brothers of Bellary.Beginning the day-long fast at Jantar Mantar with Hazare, Ramdev said, \"We all know that Manmohan Singh is an honest person and we all respect him. But people expect him to make his cabinet corruption free. Please fulfill your democratic duties.\"But by afternoon, Kejriwal was trying to tear the PM to shreds. Criticizing the government for not bringing a strong Lokpal bill, he said, \"In our country we have 34 ministers, 15 of whom have serious charges of corruption against them. If a strong Lokpal comes, 12-13 of them will go to jail. The PM is the leader of these ministers.\"On the coal blocks issue, he was even more scathing. \"Between 2006-09, the PM was in charge of the coal ministry. Before 2006, in close to a decade, only 34 coal blocks had been given to private companies. But during his tenure, 155 coal blocks went to private companies without any auction or tendering. After his tenure ended, only one coal block went to a private company. The PM repeatedly ignored the coal secretary's suggestions that coal blocks must be auctioned. The PM says it was not necessary, but it has led to a loss of Rs 2 lakh crore,\" Kejriwal said.He further attacked the PM for allotting these blocks to \"non-descript underwear and gutka companies'' instead of the usual energy sector companies. \"People say the PM is honest. We believe he is. But where has the money gone then? In the party fund,\" he asked.Promptly after this, Ramdev wielded the mike to say, \"Taking names of individuals is not in the protocol of this agitation. But Arvind Kejriwal has done that. This fight is not against any individual. Such statements create unnecessary controversy, which takes the focus away from the main issue.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13796339", "title": "Queen Elizabeth\u2019s 1000-ship flotilla lights up the Thames", "text": "LONDON: In the most public celebration of the four-day commemoration of the diamond jubilee of her reign, Britain's Queen Elizabeth II , as part of a flotilla of 1,000 ships, sailed on a red and gold royal barge down the Thames watched by a million people who lined the banks or occupied more luxurious vantage positions. Elizabeth's barge is a special vessel used for ceremonies. Members of the royal family and a select few that included her confidante at the Commonwealth secretariat, Kamlesh Sharma, were her guests.A white boat with five sailors carrying the Indian tricolour fluttered in the stiff English breeze. India is one of 54 Commonwealth nations joining the celebration. Around 500 British MPs gathered on balconies of the parliament at Westminster to the accompaniment of a jazz band.British PM David Cameron and his spouse Samantha were at a viewing point on a naval craft, HMS President, anchored near their home. There was buzz that Hollywood stars Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie were lapping up the waters at a street party in Richmond. Actor Michael Caine and his wife Shakira organized a get-together at their flat in Chelsea.Elizabeth ascended the British throne and became head of Commonwealth after her father, George VI's death in 1952. Lord Louis Mountbatten , the last viceroy of India, had tried in vain to convince India's first PM Nehru about independent India retaining his cousin, George, as head of state. Nehru produced the formula of the Indian Republic being a member state of the Commonwealth, with the British monarch as the latter's head, as a compromise.Elizabeth inherited the Commonwealth and has visited 116 countries. India has received her thrice: in 1961, 1983 and 1997, with the one in 1983 being to inaugurate that year's Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting.Elizabeth was younger than Indira, Nehru's daughter , as well as the children of then president Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan. But behind the public glare, their interactions were informal.In 1963, following a state visit to the UK, Radhakrishnan was invited to extend his stay for a private retreat at Windsor Castle, one of Elizabeth's official residences.Before Elizabeth's 1983 visit to India, Indira Gandhi , the then PM, made an unscheduled stop in London on her way back to India from a conference at Cancun. As part of a tradition, Elizabeth was scheduled to dine with then Indian high commissioner to the UK, Dr Seyid Muhammad.Gandhi rushed to Muhammad's mansion at Kensington Palace Gardens to rearrange the interior of this property to ensure everything went off smoothly. Last year, Sonia Gandhi had tea with Elizabeth at Buckingham Palace; a fact that reflects continuing closeness between the two families.In two opinion polls by British dailies, Elizabeth was voted as more in touch with her subjects than British politicians and the UK's best monarch ever. Cameron said there would have been \"less stability\" in his country without monarchy. \"She has never put a foot wrong,\" he said about Elizabeth and forecast she would never retire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "johannesburg", "code": "13803477", "title": "Cronje remembered and forgiven decade after his death", "text": "JOHANNESBURG: Deceased South African cricket captain Hansie Cronje, who fell from grace by admitting to match-fixing in 2000, was remembered by his family, former teammates and fans on his 10th death anniversary.Cronje was the central figure in the biggest crisis in international cricket in 2000 when he admitted to match-fixing during a game in India.In his subsequent testimony at the Commission of Inquiry set up by the South African government, Cronje tearfully admitted that \"the devil made me do it.\" He was banned for life from the sport after that.The Commission ended inconclusively and Cronje was killed when a goods plane in which he hitched a ride crashed close to his home in 2002.The investigation into that crash also ended inconclusively, with speculation still rife that Cronje's death may have been arranged by bookmakers who believed that he knew too much.Ewie Cronje, Hansie's father, said he still could not believe that his son was gone.\"It feels as though he will appear at any moment,\" Cronje told the Afrikaans daily 'Beeld'.Facebook fans declared Cronje the best captain the Proteas had ever had while former teammates said they had forgiven him.Pat Symcox said the Cronje saga had divided South Africa and but was in the past and people should now move on.Former pacer Fanie de Villiers believed that Cronje had done 90 per cent good and 10 per cent bad: \"Anyone who influenced the scales like that, will be forgiven.\"I celebrate and embrace today only the good memories (of Cronje),\" another retired fast bowler, Makhaya Ntini , told the daily.A special service was held at Cronje's former school Grey's College in Bloemfontein, where a wall of remembrance was erected in his memory.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "13790636", "title": "Kottayam set to launch plastic-free initiative", "text": "KOTTAYAM: With home minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan set to declare Kottayam a plastic-free town on Tuesday, the coming days will determine how responsible the public are in ensuring the initiative a reality. Waste management and disposal of used plastic has been one of the main issues faced by the town.Despite several steps taken by the municipal authorities regarding the ban of plastic materials, the desired result has not so far been achieved. An extensive awareness programme is being planned after the declaration. Tonnes of non-segregated waste piled up at the Vadavathoor dumping yard have forced the municipal authorities to take such a decision.The non-availability of a suitable replacement for plastic has so far been considered the main reason for the failure of the plastic ban. To counter this, the district administration along, with the municipality, will organize an exhibition-cum-sale of alternatives for plastic bags made out of materials like paper and jute.A meet of those who manufacture such products will also be held as part of the exhibition to be held from 9.30am at the Mammen Mappilai Hall on Tuesday. A discussion involving the business community of the town and the manufacturers will also be held on the occasion.The exhibition will be organized jointly by the Suchitwa Mission, district administration and municipality. The fair also aims at spreading awareness among the business community about the need to shift to such alternatives to plastic. The quality of these products will also be evaluated. Kottayam being the first city in the country to achieve 100% literacy, the municipality feels the people here will respond positively to the initiative.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "13792436", "title": "Dubious elements fuelled riots in Sadhli", "text": "VADODARA: The recent communal riots in Sadhli village of Shinor taluka left the police officials surprised.The cops couldn't believe that mere rumours regarding relationship between boy and girl belonging to different communities could lead to such rioting and arson. The rural police has now zeroed in on some suspect elements, who had fuelled the riots by instigating people.Over 25 shops were ransacked and burnt and 10 people were injured in the rioting on May 31 night. Police had arrested 42 persons from both communities. \"Our investigations have shown that some people had dubious role in the riots. We have kept constant surveillance on such suspicious people who are instigating people by spreading rumours. They will be kept under surveillance in coming days too,\" said a police official.According to locals, the village has residents from both majority and minority community and it hadn't witnessed such communal disturbances until two or three years ago. The police is now questioning the people who have been arrested for rioting. \"We are yet to make any further arrests. We will now question the villagers who were arrested,\" said district superintendent of police (DSP), Sandip Singh.According to the police, the trouble had begun when Rafiq Sheikh, a resident of Sadhli village had offered lift to his female friend, who is a minor, to Karyavarohan. However, mid-way she got a call from her family asking her to come back. When Rafiq went to drop her back at her residence in Sadhli, a group assaulted him and accused him of trying to influence the girl.Rafiq then approached the cops to register complaint. Some people from the girl's side approached Rafiq to pacify him but it led to clash between the two groups. It soon spread to the streets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13792525", "title": "New dress for college high on priority list", "text": "RANCHI: After the results of Class XII, students of the capital are now preparing to take admission in colleges. Finding a good college tops their priority but finding the best wardrobe to enter the top colleges is also nowhere behind on the list.\"College would be really exciting. Finally I will be able to wear something other than school uniform while attending classes,\" said Monica, who cleared her Plus II examination this year.Stepping on to the college premises is like stepping into a new life, and in new life everything should be new, especially the wardrobe, says Chitra who is busy filling admission forms for undergraduate course but still manages to take out time to buy new clothes and shoes. \"I will make new friends and good looks always add to the personality and attracts more people towards you,\" she said.The shopping fest has already started for the girls two months ahead of the start of the new session and their favourite destination is not the branded showrooms, but the street vendors and small shops offering local brands. Shanaya, a student, said, \"It is not always possible to buy branded things for college girls as we have limited budget so we try to get the most out of the least. For us, quantity matters more than quality as we need a new dress and matching shoes, bags and accessories with them.\"The favourite stop for clothes among girls is Shastri Market as it stocks the latest fashion clothes and a good bargain can give a really good deal. \"I usually buy my clothes from here as it gives me 15 clothes for Rs 5,000 whereas if I go to a branded showroom, I will be able to buy only three to four pairs of clothes for the same money,\" said Nandini, a shopper at Shastri Market.The road to Shastri Market has numerous street vendors selling variety of bags, small and big ranging from Rs 200 to Rs 800 depending on the bargaining capacity of buyers. The same street also accommodates many shoe vendors that offer shoes and flip flops at affordable price.Rashmi, who will be joining college this year, said, \"I have already started shopping for college and Shastri Market and the street in front of it is my one stop shop destination.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "13792129", "title": "State govts not serious about RTE Act: Experts", "text": "GAYA: Experts participating at the two-day national seminar on 'Right to Education', felt that the state governments across the country are not very serious in implementation of the provisions of the 'Right To Education Act', guaranteeing education to all children in the age group of 6-14.Sponsored by the National university of Educational Planning and administration (NUEPA) and organized by the Bihar Educational Development Society (BEDS), the seminar concluded on Saturday.There was near unanimity among the participants that the states cannot afford to shirk their responsibility on the alibi of resource crunch, as the Act was based on the Directive Principles of State Policy, enshrined in the Indian Constitution.The participants included Janak Pandey, vice chancellor of the Central University of Bihar (CUB), social development activist Amod Kanth and eminent scholar Lalit Surjan.BEDS chairman Jai Kumar Palit said experts have made certain recommendations for the fruitful implementation of the RTE Act and the recommendations include maintenance of 1:30 teacher-taught ratio in the primary schools, recruitment of quality teachers, improvement in the functioning of government schools and a non-confrontationist approach vis-a-vis private and government schools, as 90% of the primary schools in the country were government funded and fault finding with the private school system may prove to be counter productive in the long run.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13790165", "title": "\u2018CBI man\u2019 who duped jewellers faces more cases", "text": "MUMBAI: A 47-year-old man who allegedly posed as a CBI officer and was recently arrested by the Kandivli police has also been arrested by the Borivli and Ghatkopar police for similar crimes.The accused, Prashant Manjire, has allegedly duped several jewellers in Borivli, Ghatkopar, Dombivli, Navi Mumbai and Thane. Manjire is a science graduate and resides in Ghatkopar. He has reportedly told the police that he took to crime to pay his children's school fees after he lost his job as a marketing manager in a firm.\"Manjire would conduct a recce of jewellery shops in an area before zeroing in on a store. Once he chose a shop, he would start frequenting it to buy ornaments,\" said Ghatkopar inspector Rajkumar Kothmire. \"He would introduce himself as a CBI officer and make a cash payment for his initial purchase. Having gained the shopkeeper's trust, he would purchase gold ornaments and issue cheques. The unsuspecting jeweller would accept the cheque, only to realize later that he had been conned when it was dishonoured.\"On May 4, Manjire duped Ghatkopar-based Solanki Jewellers of ornaments worth Rs. 1.5 lakh using this modus operandi. \"He issued a cheque to the shopkeeper and told him to encash later, saying he didn't have sufficient funds in his account. The jeweller fell for his trick as Manjire had already established himself as a reliable customer through his earlier purchases. Later, he learnt about the fraud when the cheque was dishonoured,\" said a police officer.Manjire struck again in the second week of May, this time in Borivli. \"The jeweller did not accept Manjire's cheque and asked his employee to accompany him to collect cash. When the two reached the railway station, Manjire jumped into a local train and fled. He was caught by the Borivli police on May 21. We got his custody as the CCTV in the Ghatkopar shop had captured Manjire handing out the cheque,\" said Kothmire. He has been booked for cheating and impersonation. He is in police custody till June 5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13790337", "title": "Orphanage case: Cook sent to judicial custody", "text": "GURGAON: The Gurgaon police on Sunday produced the arrested cook of the infamous NGO, Suparaana Ka Aangan, in a city court which sent him to 14 days' judicial custody. The police were on the lookout of the missing cook, Santosh Shrivastava, after a differently-abled minor girl at the shelter home had accused him of raping and molesting her.The NGO in Wazirabad village was recently in news after five minor girls had revealed to their school teacher that the caretaker of the child home, 20-year-old Rachit alias Raju, used to sexually abuse them. The caretaker and the NGO's president were later arrested.Police were also looking for Santosh ever since the girl had complained against him.Santosh was recently arrested in Sonbhadra district of Uttar Pradesh and brought to Gurgaon on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13792335", "title": "Investors to get GOs within 24 hours: CM", "text": "MANGALORE: Karnataka's tryst with high speed train linking Mysore-Bangalore-Chennai will fructify at the Global Investors Meet 2012 that starts in Bangalore on June 7. This is among the major project for which an MoU will be signed with Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA). A 30-kilometre long tunnel through Shiradi Ghat to facilitate four-laning of Bangalore-Mangalore NH 75 with assistance from JICA is the other major project. Having prepared for the event for the last eight months through road shows and other promos, the state government under the stewardship of CM DV Sadananda Gowda is pulling out all stops to make this event bigger and better than the earlier editions. Setbacks in previous GIM have been studied and official systems have been put in place well in advance to ensure that MoUs signed at this GIM are made operational with minimal problems, CM said. In a chat with TOI here on Saturday, the CM said 16 major industrialists from across India, trade delegations from Japan, Taiwan, Singapore and Germany are set to make GIM 2012 bigger and better than ever before. \"At GIM 2010, we had constraints with regard putting MoUs with iron and steel industry, who were the major players, on track. With SC classifying mining areas, we are now in a position to give mining blocks,\" CM said. Dismissing media reports about low percentage of implementation of MoUs signed in GIM 2010, CM said out of 392 MoUs signed, 34 have already been implemented and 140 are in the pipeline. The rest are pending due to constraints faced by government, he said, adding GIM 2012 will see every potential investor get a report card on previous GIM. A high powered committee chaired by the CM and set up to oversee implementation of GIM 2010 MoUs is issuing government orders to investors in 24 hours. \"I chair the meeting of the committee at 10am, proceedings are drawn at 2pm and the investor walks out with a GO by 6pm or latest within 24 hours,\" the CM said, adding he has letters of appreciation from investors who have acclaimed that this speed (of functioning) is a wonder in the world. Thrust of GIM 2012 would be chiefly on IT/BT and automobile sector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13790778", "title": "Daring Doves emerge champions", "text": "PUNE: Eshan Naqvi and Jishnu Sanyal had together guided Thane district to many triumphs in the state championships during the last decade. However, on Sunday evening at the jam-packed Modern PDMBA Sports Complex, they were not part of same team, rather the duo was facing each other in the first singles of the Maharashtra Badminton League (MBL) final.Jishnu had an edge over his junior rival as he had never lost to Eshan in his career. Eagles, on the other hand, were pinning their hopes on their main star to maintain his unbeaten streak against Doves' Eshan.However, Eshan dealt a severe blow to the chances of Eagles by upsetting Jishnu in straight games to provide Doves a flying start. The match witnessed high quality badminton with both the players trying hard for each point.Eshan raised his level of play on big points to come up winners with a score of 21-19, 21-19. The current state champion, who is battling back injury, displayed his trademark jump smashes on numerous times to good effect. Even though Jishnu tried his best to stage a comeback in both the games after trailing initially, Eshan just did not allow his Thane teammate to dictate terms.Thanks to early momentum, Doves went on to record a fluent 3-1 victory to clinch the title of the second edition of MBL. The win also helped Doves to avenge their 2-3 defeat against Eagles during the league stage on Friday.\"It was my first victory over Jishnu. In the Thane district championships he had beaten me 4-5 times and that too quite easily. So I was under lot of pressure.\"My win was necessary for us to win the title. I am glad I could deliver the goods for my owners,\" Eshan told TOI after his 45-minute victory. Eshan's win set the tempo for Doves as Sanyogita Ghorpade too scored a sensational win over Mudra Dahinje in the women's singles.Results (Final):Daring Doves bt Inspiring Eagles 3-1 (Eshan Naqvi bt Jishnu Sanyal 21-19, 21-19; Sanyogita Ghorpade bt Mudra Dahinje 21-13, 19-21, 21-14; Jayendra Dhole-Prashant Bahatre lost to Abhishek Kulkarni-Aditya Pandya 18-21, 21-18, 18-21; Shubhankar Dey bt Siddharth Thakur 21-10, 21-8).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13795018", "title": "Teenager commits suicide", "text": "INDORE: An 18-year-old teenager reportedly committed suicide by consuming poisonous substance at Nanda Nagar area in the city on Sunday.The deceased, identified as Shubham Diwedi, son of Raj Narain Diwedi, was a resident of Raipur.Investigating officer K K Tiwari said Shubham, a Class XII student, came to Indore to study and lived with his cousins. He was staying with his friends for the past few days to prepare for exam. Shubham along with his friends had also gone to Ujjains stay.On Sunday, Shubham returned home at around 10.30 am and fell unconscious. His cousins rushed him to Bhandari Hospital where he was declared brought dead.The police have sent the body to MY Hospital for the post-mortem. They did not recover any suicide note from his possession. The reason behind the extreme step is still unclear. The police are investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13789867", "title": "To bring transparency, registered societies to soon have unique codes", "text": "GURGAON: All registered societies in Gurgaon will soon get unique codes. The Haryana government has taken the decision to help avoid duplicity in the names and registration numbers across the state. The government has also announced the norms to avoid the entry of non-genuine persons as members in any society.A government spokesperson said that the move aims to put the societies in e-governance mode, modernizing their functioning. The unique number system will also be applicable to the existing societies. Soon, the government will issue a public notice asking the societies to submit their old registration number and get the new code.The changes have been introduced in the Haryana Registration &amp; Regulation of Societies Rules, 2012, which has been approved by the council of ministers.The amendments are in three parts. The changes have huge significance as these will have an impact on the functioning of scores of registered societies.The rules delineate the process for amalgamation and division of societies. The qualifications, remuneration of the administrator, returning officer and the observer have been spelt out clearly. Besides laying down the method and procedure for creation of an electoral college, the rules define constitution of a collegium of societies.Under the rules, membership fee shall be paid by the applicant from his bank account through a demand draft/ pay order/ cheque only to mitigate the entry of non-genuine persons as members.The provision regarding shifting of the registered office from one district to another has been made foolproof by incorporating a system which coordinates actions at the level of the transferor and transferee district.\"Internal fights and allegations against each other have been common in almost every such society. The plan is to end all ambiguity and make rules simple so that there is no scope for anyone tweaking the norms. We will publicize it so that people have access to the changed norms,\" said a government spokesperson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13790905", "title": "Man killed as sunshade slab falls on him", "text": "CHENNAI: A 26-year-old engineer employed in an automobile manufacturing company died after a sunshade slab of a building under construction fell on him at Peerkankaranai on Saturday. Police have arrested four persons, including the supervisor of the construction company.Police said A Venkat Raghavan, a native of Vellore, was staying with his younger brother Arun Raghavan and three of his friends in a rented apartment at Gundumedu in Perungalathur. The brothers were engineers in the same company. On Saturday, after having lunch, Venkat came to pick the clothes left out to dry when a block of sunshade from an adjacent building under construction fell on him.Police said the workers had removed beam that supported the slab, leading to the collapse.The engineer, who sustained serious head injuries, died on Saturday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13792680", "title": "Monsoon currents yet to enter country", "text": "KANPUR: The scattered rains on Saturday evening gave no respite to the people from the sultry heat on Sunday. The clouds played hide and seek with the blazing sun. The people preferred to stay indoors till six in the evening.The maximum temperature on Sunday was 44.4 degrees Celsius. It was .6 degrees less than that of the previous day. The minimum temperature stood at 24.7 degrees, nearly 1.3 degrees less than the previous day. The isolated rains failed to increase the humidity in the atmosphere which remained 44% in the morning and reduced to 23% in the afternoon.According to the weather scientists of Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology, some parts of UP may witness duststorms. The monsoon currents, which were moving rapidly, are now stable since the past few days due to change in wind directions. This had increased the possibilities of delay in monsoon in the country. It had occurred due to weakening of western disturbances which move from north-western parts of the country and bring rains. These western disturbances bring moisture-laden air.A lot now depends on moisture-laden air from Bay of Bengal to raise chances of pre-monsoon showers.Last year, the city witnessed scattered showers on June 3, which occurred frequently till June 20, after the arrival of monsoons. But according to weather experts, no chances of even scattered rains are there even in the next week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "joint commissioner of the fda, nashik division, shashikant kekare spoke to toi about the activities of the department in the city and what it is doing to ensure food safety in the whole division, which includes five districts", "code": "13788067", "title": "\u2018FDA reacts immediately to complaints\u2019", "text": "Joint commissioner of the FDA, Nashik division, Shashikant Kekare spoke to TOI about the activities of the department in the city and what it is doing to ensure food safety in the whole division, which includes five districts: Nashik, Ahmednagar, Dhule, Nandurbar and Jalgaon:How busy is the FDA?We have our divisional office in Nashik, which covers five districts: Nashik, Ahmednagar, Dhule, Jalgaon and Nandurbar. We have 11 food safety officers in Nashik and different assignments have been given to them. Each officer has been given the target of collecting five samples and conducting 10 inspections every month. This is our regular activity. Moreover, we take immediate action when we receive complaints.You had recently conducted a registration drive of businesses in the Nashik division as per the new Food and Safety Act? What is its status?As per the new Food and Safety Act, we had undertaken a registration drive for all eateries, hotels and food-related businesses, including roadside vendors. Accordingly, around 11,610 businesses were registered in the Nashik division, fetching us revenue close to Rs 4.93 crore. Of 11,610 registrations, around 4,265 occupations were registered from Nashik district, 4,057 from Jalgaon, 1,920 from Ahmednagar and 1,090 from Dhule district. We are planning to cover the remaining areas now. Accordingly, we are planning to register all vegetable vendors, fruit sellers, pan stall owners, panipuri-bhelpuri vendors and other roadside vendors by August 4 and a drive is to be launched soon. Getting registered is compulsory for all food-related businesses, including vegetable vendors, fruit sellers and pan stall owners, as per the Food and Safety Act. We will take legal action against businesses found unregistered after August 4. There is a provision of 6 months' jail sentence or a fine of Rs 5 lakh for those who do not obey the law.What is the criterion for registration and licences?As per the Food and Safety Act, licences are compulsory for businesses with a turnover more than Rs 12 lakh, while business having turnover less than Rs 12 lakh don't require licences but only need to get registered. A fee of Rs 100 per year is charged for registration, while licence fee is Rs 2,000 per year.Have you conducted any surveys regarding the use of artificial colouring in food? Have you conducted any inspections?Artificial colours are allowed in sweets, but not in farsan. We consume sweets occasionally and normally no one eats more than 50-100g of it. On the contrary, we eat close to 500-750g of farsan. There is a difference between prices of farsan and sweets, and hence we eat farsan very often, but not sweets. A quantum of colour has been fixed for sweets, and violation of this limit is an offence. In Nashik division, around 35 cases regarding violation of artificial colour norms are pending with the court.Fruits are injected with chemicals for artificial ripening? Have you conducted any inspections in this regard?Earlier, watermelons used to be injected with colour to get red colour and expedite ripening. But this pattern of injecting chemicals into fruits for ripening has stopped now. Today, mangoes and other fruits are ripened artificially with the use of carbide powder. We conducted four raids last month and seized and destroyed total 4,500kg mangoes that were being ripened artificially with the use of carbide powder in Nashik city. We have sent the samples to the laboratory in Pune and are waiting for the report.Generally, roadside foods stalls or vendors lack quality control. What is the FDA doing in this regard?We inspected 90 roadside food stall owners and vendors in Nashik in the past four months in this connection. We conducted a special workshop for them in order to make them aware of sanitation issues. We also inspected panipuri vendors and checked the water they were using.What about ice factories in Nashik? Do you have any complaints against them?There are six ice-making units under the jurisdiction of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC). During an inspection, we had instructed them to use only drinking water to make ice. These units have also obtained licences.Have you received any complaints regarding packaged food by national or multi-national companies?Generally, in case of packaged food, we receive complaints pertaining to label, batch number and lot number. During an inspection, we found that the proportion of caffeine was more than the standard in the energy drink Red Bull. We have filed four cases in court in this connection in the last four months. The cases are pending with the court.Water is often mixed in milk bags. Have you conducted any inspections in this connection?Milk adulteration through injections is not done in Nashik, but it is done in places like Mumbai. There is no chance for such things in Nashik city as branded dairies have their own distributors and deliver milk bags directly to retailers.Adulteration of milk is a non-bailable offence. How many cases have you registered in this connection?There are very few dairies in Nashik district, but a lot in Ahemednagar district. We had also caught those involved in the making of artificial milk in Ahmednagar district and there are around 150 cases regarding milk adulteration pending with the court. But things are different in Nashik as people buy milk directly from cowsheds. Moreover, we regularly conduct milk inspections and collect samples.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13788281", "title": "100% unlikely, but Delhi University first cutoffs to stay high", "text": "NEW DELHI: The inflation in cutoffs last year had left many gasping. Shri Ram College of Commerce posted 100% as the cutoff for BCom (honours) for non-commerce students. It was long anticipated. But many jaws dropped when it finally happened. Some eyebrows were raised too and the college has assured this year that it will keep the cutoffs below the saturation point. However, that doesn't really mean other colleges will budge too.Delhi University's first cutoff list of 2011 saw unprecedented hike not only in commerce but science courses too. College officials say aspirants this year should not expect much change from last year's first cutoffs though they were inflated.With a good show of students in the CBSE Class XII exam and the colleges being extra careful about not admitting more than the available seats, it's unlikely that there will be a correction in the cutoffs this year. For instance, Kirori Mal College had announced a cutoff of 97% for BCom (honours), which was more than the 96% cutoff announced by SRCC for commerce students.No wonder, the admission room for BCom (honours) lay deserted at KMC on the first day of admissions. There was not a single admission over the next two days either. However, that doesn't mean the college is on a mood to relent this time.\"The first list will remain much like last year. We have to be careful so as not to over-admit. There may be a slight hike or a dip in the first cutoff but take the last year's list as a good indicator of where you stand this time,\" said Bhim Sen Singh, principal, Kirori Mal College.Since there were no application forms last year, colleges were groping in the dark with no clue about the number of candidates likely to walk in. So the college treaded cautiously and brought down the cutoff to 95.5% in the second list and 95.25% in the third before finally closing admissions. SRCC, on the other hand, was left with only 25 seats on the first day of admission. There was no second list in the course.The more accessible science courses too went out of reach at least on the campus. \"I think the science cutoffs may see a slight increase since students have really performed well in subjects like physics this year,\" said Jaswinder Singh, principal, SGTB Khalsa College.The first cutoff for BSc (honours) physics at Hans Raj College was 96% last year. A year before that, it was only 91%. Even Hindu College announced a cutoff as high as 96.66% for BSc (honours) physics. Admissions closed at 94% at Hans Raj and 95.33% at Hindu.\"Our physics cutoff was high last year but it was a precaution we had to take. We had to admit 150 students for 62 seats a year before that when we had 93%-94% as the cutoff. The response of aspirants for science courses has gone up over the last few years,\" said Pradyumn Kumar, principal, Hindu College.He added, \"Earlier 50% students used to drop out after admission to join an engineering college. But we have seen that the number of withdrawals has also decreased now. That's probably because of better career options for science students now. So the crux is that we do not want to over-admit students by keeping a low cutoff.\"Kumar said the science cutoffs may go up or down by not more than 1% from last year. \"Not much is going to change this year,\" he said. \"The students who have scored around 93%-94% should get a seat on the campus,\" he said.However, there is much scope if aspirants look beyond the campus. DU officials suggest that going for the course is more important even if it is not in the college of your preference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13790105", "title": "Y S Rajasekhara Reddy chopper crash a hot poll issue now", "text": "HYDERABAD: The emotive issues of Jagan's arrest and witch-hunt against his family have taken a backseat and the death of Y S Rajasekhara Reddy in a helicopter crash three years ago has suddenly become a hot election topic with the byelections to 18 assembly seats and the Nellore Lok Sabha hardly nine days away.The issue has turned into a high-voltage sparring game among key political players as soon as Vijayamma started raking up the sabotage theory behind her husband's death in her election speeches. While the YSR Congress is tactfully raising the pitch on YSR's death to generate sympathy and eventually translate it into votes in the June 12 bypolls, both the Congress and TDP are wasting no time in targeting Vijayamma for raking up the issue three years later.\"With the electioneering in a crucial phase, Vijayamma will go all-out to cash in on the YSR death issue to cushion the sympathy factor of her son's arrest by the CBI in the disproportionate assets case,\" senior analyst Telkapalli Ravi said. In fact, the ongoing slugfest between the Congress and the YSR Congress turned bitter with PCC chief Botsa Satyanarayana pointing a finger at YSR's family members in the crash that took place on September 2, 2009.Vijayamma opened a can of worms on the very first day of her campaign in Narsannapet and Payakaraopet constituencies by articulating the conspiracy theory. \"I have serious doubts on the death of my husband in the chopper crash. A chopper that was not in operation for 3-4 months was used on that fateful day. Will the truth ever come out,\" the YSR Congress founder president asks people during her road shows. Incidentally, Jagan's media group came out with several stories on the sabotage angle, accusing the CBI of burying the probe. Curiously, Jagan shares the same Chanchalguda jail with IRAS officer K V Brahmananda Reddy, who was then MD of AP Aviation Corporation that arranged the ill-fated Bell-430 helicopter for YSR's tour to Chittoor. The officer was sent to jail in connection with the Jagan assets case.Though on the defensive, the Congress started hitting back. Taking umbrage at Vijayamma's campaign, chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy says his government is ready to order a fresh probe into the incident. He alleges that YSR's widow was politicizing a tragic event with an eye on the bypolls. \"It is immoral and unethical on the part of Vijayamma to create a new bogey. She kept quiet all these days and even blamed bad weather for the crash,\" rebuts Botsa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13812390", "title": "Chennai prepares for Bangalore Open Air!", "text": "It's the metal event of the year! After months of deliberations and a truckload of anticipation by metal fans all over the country, it's finally happening! The Bangalore Open Air, an offshoot of the annual Wacken Open Air, and India's biggest metal festival ever will hit the floors this June.While metal icons Kreator and Iced Earth were touted to play as headliners, Iced Earth has been dropped from the festival line-up after the Indian authorities refused the band an entry visa to the country. Now, instead, on the line-up will be Suidakra who had their last stint playing in Vellore about 2 months ago.\"I can't wait to be in Bangalore on June 16,\" says Avinash Govind, a photographer and hardcore metal fan. \"And as part of welcoming the Bangalore Open Air festival, there will be a pre-party in Chennai featuring the indigenous metal bands,\" he adds.As a precursor to this mega metal meltdown, Chennai's underground is set to raise those beer mugs and headbang to this killer lineup! The local line up will also feature Bevar Sea, one of the very few Indian bands playing stoner rock/doom in the country - featuring Ganesh Krishnaswamy, Srikanth Panaman, Rahul Chacko, Avinash Menon and Deepak Raghu. Others in the line up include Crypted from Chennai as well as Kryptos, the old school metal band from Bangalore. Says the organizers of the pre-party, \"Things get a little more aggressive and technical with Chennai's Crypted taking stage. Siva Sbk, Vishnu, Adarsh and V.G.Pranav have been soaring since their recent IIT Saarang victory; their Nile opening slot being one of the latest high's. Unfortunately, the concert got canned but Crypted is still live &amp; destroying!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13790525", "title": "Three cops bashed up in Limdi", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Three police officials posted in the vigilance squad of the director general of police, Gujarat , were beaten up by owners of a gambling den in Limdi. The cops had to be rescued by the Surendranagar police.The incident took place on Friday when the trio went to a gambling den in Limdi. There is an ambiguity about the reason behind the visit since the three were in plain clothes and using a private vehicle. They also had not intimated their superior officers about this trip.When the officials reached the gambling den, they introduced themselves as policemen. However, the owners of the den got suspicious since the cops were not in uniform and neither were they accompanied by an armed guard, as is usually the case in any raid or official inquiry. To make matters worse, the cops fought with the gamblers. This brought the matters to a pass and the gambling den owners along with their henchmen started beating up the cops. Some others also damaged the car that the cops were using.The trio then made frantic calls to other members of the vigilance squad. Though the squad has no less than 22 personnel, no one responded to the calls since the trio had not made any official intimation about their visit. One of the three constables who were surrounded by gambling den owners and supporters had a personal revolver from which he fired five rounds to keep the mob at bay.Then the hapless cops called up the DGP for help. Based on orders issued by the DGP a team of Surendranagar police rushed to the spot and rescued the three cops. A complaint of rioting was later registered at Limdi police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13792517", "title": "Madigas demand reservation", "text": "HUBLI: Madiga Dandora Madiga Meesalati Horata Samiti on Sunday urged the government to provide reservation based on sub-caste for the development of Madigas and other socially backward communities. Samiti state president Pavagad Sriram told the media that the Samiti had submitted a memorandum to Congress leader Rahul Gandhi on June 2 requesting to raise the issue in Parliament. The state government is least bothered about the welfare of the socially backward communities.Sriram said a south India level Madiga convention will be held in Hyderabad on July 14. A nationwide protest demanding reservation based on sub-caste will be organized, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13794715", "title": "Vokkaliga meet jams up key roads", "text": "BANGALORE: In a Sunday shocker, all roads led to the Palace Grounds - the venue of a Vokkaliga meeting that saw the who's who of the community streaming in - triggering a massive gridlock that started around 9am and went on till evening. The pileup and its ripple effect on Bangalore's major thoroughfares affected thousands of motorists for over nine hours and threw their holiday plans off kilter.Some 2.5 lakh people turned up for the Guruvandana programme, organized by the Vokkaligara Sangha, to felicitate the Adichunchanagri Mutt pontiff, Balagangadharanatha Swami. And they came in vehicles of all sizes and hues - 4,000 KSRTC buses, 216 BMTC buses , hundreds of private buses , vans, cars and two-wheelers . The crowds had been ferried from the south-interior districts of Karnataka.The 11am function started after noon. But jampacked buses kept entering the city till late afternoon, resulting in chaos on Bellary Road, Tumkur Road, Old Madras Road, Magadi Road, Mysore Road and Kanakapura Road linking the city to the Vokkaliga heartland.Traffic chaos got worse after 4pm, brought B'lore to its kneesThe Guruvandana programme became a cause of major traffic chaos. Police had restricted entry to the venue from Bellary Road side, while vehicles had to exit only from Jayamahal Road side. Incoming vehicles had been diverted to Outer Ring Road from where they had to enter Bellary Road to reach the venue, Palace Grounds.The event ended around 4pm, unleashing a flood of vehicles onto all exit routes from the city. But all arrangements collapsed as police were taken unawares by the sea of crowd that kept pouring in through the day. With only 423 traffic police personnel on duty, the city helplessly watched as chaos ruled the streets.Airport-bound travellers spent tense moments in the traffic that sputtered between jams, while scores of ambulances had a harrowing time with their siren being reduced to a cry in the wilderness.Bengaluru International Airport sources said there were no instances of passengers missing flights or operations being delayed to accommodate late travellers.The chaos stumped revelers. \"After a long time, I had thought of having lunch with friends in MG Road. But we were shocked by what we saw. There was unending queue of buses that snaked in both directions. Cops looked helpless and diverted bikers, cars and autos into streets leading towards RT Nagar. While coming back from MG Road, there was not much traffic, but people walking all over the place made riding cumbersome ,\" said Nilotpal Samanta, a resident of Lottegollahalli.Kshitija J, a Mount Carmel College student, said: \"I had to take a train for a holiday in Dandeli. But it took me one hour to move between SRS Circle-Gorguntepalya junction in the afternoon.''Yogesh Singh, who was taking his nieces and nephews to Mantri Mall, said: \"I don't know what is happening and why this population explosion?\" Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "kottarakkara", "code": "13793052", "title": "Krishnakumar back to school from today", "text": "KOTTARAKKARA: When the new academic year dawns on Monday, R Krishnakumar, the social science teacher at the Ramavilasom Higher Secondary School, Valakom, will be back in the class room. The only prayer he has about the new academic year is that it should be a peaceful one.Krishnakumar, who had hit the headlines for several weeks since that fateful night of September 27 last year, when he was found lying in a pool of blood on roadside with severe injuries, has almost recovered from the trauma. Though physical difficulties caused by the attackers still trouble him, Krishnakumar looks more confident and determined.He had reported on duty on March 1, as there was no leave left for him. But, Monday will be the first day for him in class after the attack. A week ago, he heard the CBI has taken up the investigation of the Valakom attack case. Though he welcomed the CBI inquiry, he is skeptical on the outcome. \"The chances of influencing officers are very high as the opposite side is much stronger and wields all its power to influence the inquiry,\" said Krishnakumar.Following the brutal attack, the family of Krishnakumar had alleged that Kerala Congress (B) leader R Balakrishna Pillai, who also owns the school in which he and his wife Geetha are working, was behind the attack. According to Krishnakumar, the state police who probed the case initially had manipulated some vital information to mislead the inquiry. \"There is no peace for us since that day. We often get threatening calls asking us to withdraw cases. But, I am sure, the truth will be revealed one day,\" he said.Tears rolled out from his eyes, when he remembered the help and support given by leader of opposition V S Achuthanathan. \"I can't explain my gratitude towards VS. He did all he could to help me to recuperate from the tragedy. . Last month also he made a call to know about my health,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13791007", "title": "Day 7: Nurses continue stir for better pay in 3 hospitals", "text": "CHENNAI: Nurses of the Vijaya Group of Hospitals continued their strike for the seventh day demanding a better salary. The nurses have also demanded a written agreement from the hospital management promising them a hike.About 400 nurses from Vijaya Hospital, Vijaya Health Center and Vijaya Heart Foundation went on strike last Monday after the management ignored their strike notice and demands for a better salary.\"We have decided to continue the strike until the management takes a favorable decision. We are hopeful that the management will agree to a salary hike,\" said a nurse working with the hospital.Praveen Kumar, leader of nurses union at Vijaya Group of hospitals, a registered trade union of the nurses, said they get a pittance from the hospital management. \"At present, we are paid 8,500. We demand a minimum salary of 15,000. We appealed for a better deal almost two months back. Despite being accredited by National Accreditation Board for Hospitals (NABH) that suggests a salary package of Rs 15,000, the hospital management has continued to ignore our requests,\" he said. Also, the NABH suggests six hours of duty for nurses, but Vijaya hospital nurses said they are forced to work up to 12 hours.Sources said the management will meet the striking nurses and the labour commissioner on Monday to settle the issues. \"There was a delay in taking decisions as senior board members of the hospital were out of station,\" said the source.On Saturday, the hospital management had requested the nurses to withdraw their strike. The management had also asked nurses who were on strike to vacate hostel accommodation.On Friday, the Communist Party of India ( CPI) declared their support to the nurses and demanded the state government to intervene in the issue. On Sunday, nurses organised a protest rally at Egmore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13809120", "title": "Three Keralites killed, one serious as car rams into tipper", "text": "MANGALORE: Three persons from Kerala were killed on the spot and another injured seriously when the car in which they were traveling in rammed into a tipper at Karnadu Bypass under Mulky police station limits, early on Monday morning.The deceased have been identified as Ahamed, Yusuf and Ayesha, all from Trissur in Kerala. Another occupant of the car, Ahmed, is said to be in a serious condition and has been admitted in a hospital near Mukka.Mulky police said rash and negligent driving by the car driver caused the accident. There was a diversion to be taken on that stretch due to some maintenance work on the NH. The driver miscalculated the speed while taking the turn and rammed into the tipper. Not helping matters was the torrential down pour,'' police said. The occupants of the car were on their way to Manipal hospital, according to the survivor.The front portion of the Swift DZire car was almost under the tipper and the front row passengers, died on the spot due to the impact. The woman, police said, was thrown out of the car and died on impact with the ground.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13806121", "title": "\u201cTuneega Tuneega\u201d Audio on June 10", "text": "The audio release of MS Raju's directorial debut \"Tuneega Tuneega\" is scheduled on June 10. The film stars Sumanth Ashwin (MS Raju's son) in the lead role while Riya is paired up with this hero. \"Tuneega Tuneega\" is a romantic entertainer showcasing love in a new angle. Director MS Raju says that the movie proceeds like a distinctive entertainer, which is high on both entertainment and emotional quotient. He further adds that the script is heart-touching and the film feel will be much like the mellifluous title.The film is presented by Dil Raju while Karthik Raja is scoring the music. Paruchuri Brothers have penned the dialogues and Venugopal Reddy cranks the camera. MS Raju, as a producer, delivered super hits like 'Okkadu', 'Varsham' and 'Nuvvostanante Nenoddantana'. \"Tuneega Tuneega\" is jointly produced by Maganti Ramji under Sri Venkateswara Creations and Padmini Arts banners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13794503", "title": "Karnataka takes 40 days to OK projects", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka government is ready to roll out the red carpet for the Global Investors Meet later this week, but its famed single-window clearance mechanism is taking longer than other southern states and Gujarat.Karnataka, which follows a two-stage clearance mechanism , takes 40 days to sanction clearances for a project to start. In comparison, Andhra Pradesh takes 33 days, Tamil Nadu 34 and Gujarat 35 days, according to the Public Private Partnership India report.In this edition of GIM, Karnataka seeks to attract an investment of Rs 6 lakh crore. But the commissioned rate holds a mirror to the reality: Only 4% of the projects for which pacts were signed in the previous edition of GIM took off in Karnataka. Gujarat's 2009 Summit recorded 16% rate, said a recent CII-Athena Infonomics India report.High-speed train plans may get the nodMANGALORE: Big-ticket projects that are coming before the GIM 2012 are high-speed train linking Mysore-Bangalore-Chennai and a 30-km tunnel through Shiradi Ghat to facilitate four-laning of Bangalore-Mangalore NH 75. Chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda said setbacks in previous GIM have been studied to make this edition bigger and better. He told TOI 16 big Indian industrialists, trade delegations from Japan, Taiwan, Singapore and Germany are expected. Dismissing reports about low percentage of implementation of MoUs signed in GIM 2010, CM said of the 392 MoUs signed, 34 have been implemented and 140 are in the pipeline. The rest are pending due to constraints faced by government, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13792485", "title": "Petrol, auto LPG prices dip in Mangalore", "text": "MANGALORE: Price of petrol sold in Indian Oil Corporation (IOC)outlets across the city has come down by Rs 2.21 per litre from midnight on June 3. A litre of petrol now costs Rs 78.47 as aga-%inst Rs 80.68 after the hike on May 23, which saw public sector oil companies raise prices by Rs 7.54 per litre. The cumulative effect of the hike meant that consumers had to pay Rs 8.25 more per litre of petrol due to various levies on the product. In Udupi, petrol now costs Rs 78.62 as against Rs 80.77 per litre, cheaper by Rs 2.15. Likewise, price of Xtra Premium branded petrol sold in IOC outlets has also come down by Rs 2.20 per litre. A litre of Xtra Premium petrol now costs Rs 80.98 as against Rs 83.18 after the May 23 hike. In Udupi, Xtra Premium petrol is cheaper by Rs 2.16 per litre and now costs Rs 81.12 as against Rs 83.28 per litre earlier. In a move that will cheer people using auto LPG, IOC has further slashed the price of auto LPG by Rs 1.28 per litre. Auto LPG is now being sold at IOC outlets in the city at Rs 44.36 as against earlier rate of Rs 45.64. IOC, in fact on June 1 had reduced auto LPG price by Rs 2.04 per litre from Rs 47.68.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13810127", "title": "Art of reviving", "text": "Sunil Barve is known as a television actor to many and a theater actor to theater enthusiasts. But few are aware that he is the force behind revival of five classic Marathi plays in the last two years.\"For quite a few years I used to think about many plays that I have not seen, but just heard of. And I always regretted not having seen them and always wanted to see\" tells Barve. \"The idea that germinated with these thoughts gradually developed into a project. And then I found the right name for it - Herberium which means collection of leaves and twigs in a book with meanings. We also refer to fond memories connected with flowers and leaves, which we jot down in a romantic moment or a sentimental moment as Herberium\" he adds. \"When you open the book after years, the leaves and flowers have withered, but when you read the notes you go down the memory lane and the fond memories bring a smile to your face. That's the experience I wanted to give the audience who have seen the plays before I decided to revive them\".Only five plays and 25 shows each? \"I am not a producer by profession or calling. Am an actor\" elucidates Barve. \"These revivals, like I said were my offering to the society. It's my way of giving back since they have showered me with love and affection for 25 years. Beyond that I don't think I can survive as a producer\" he admits. \"Therefore, 25 shows and five plays fit perfectly in the one and a half year program that I had in mind. Anything more than that would have needed a larger time frame for which I was not ready\".What was the process of selection? \"I selected the directors - five hit directors of the current time on Marathi stage. And they selected the plays that they wanted to do. Only instruction to them was that no writer will be repeated\" Barve shares. \"And I wanted my first and last production to be light hearted plays. Therefore the first one was a comedy with a message, Suryachi Pille and last one was Zhopi Gelela Jaaga Jhaala\".Despite being an actor, Barve has acted only in Zhopi Gelela Jaaga Jhaala of the five productions. \"I had consciously decided not act in the plays because I was confident about managing the responsibilities of a producer well. Therefore, despite wanting to act I didn't\" he confesses. \"Even in Zhopi Gelela... I was not the first choice. But for some reasons, the first choice didn't turn up so director Vijay Kenkre requested me to act. This was the last production, so responsibilities as a producer were considerably less. So, I agreed to act and to be honest, I am very happy\".Twenty five years in the profession is a long time so how does it feel? \"Satisfied, but uneasy\" comes a prompt one. \"Yes I am satisfied with whatever I earned and learned in the last 25 years. But I feel like I am still in the first standard and there's lot more to learn and earn and that sometimes leaves an uneasy feeling\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "13792459", "title": "103 jumbos in Palamu Tiger Reserve buffer zone: Census", "text": "Daltonganj: The recent elephant census that started from June 1 in the Palamu Tiger Reserve (PTR) has revealed a pleasant truth that the number of calves has risen steadily.PTR director Premjit Anand said many calves had been spotted in the Garu East, Garu West and Bareysarn range. A herd of 40 to 42 elephants with about 12 calves were found moving around in these areas.Preliminary counting of elephants beginning on June 1 has revealed that 103 elephants exist in the buffer area of the PTR.DFO, buffer, Anil K Mishra confirmed the official count of 103. \"The counting will be complete on June 3 and the figure may even go up,\" said Mishra adding that elephants are found more in the buffer areas of PTR in summer due to availability of water.\"In the core area eight elephants have so far been spotted out of which two are calves,\" said Anand adding that the final count will be officially released on June 8.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13808018", "title": "Satyamev Jayate speaks up for lovers!", "text": "Into the fifth episode of Satyamev Jayate, Aamir in true filmy style brings up the plight of lovers in our country.Beginning with a quote on romance and then going on to talk about Hindi films that have epitomized lovers, Aamir introduces audiences to the horrors of honour killing. Very prevalent in our country, lovers are often kidnapped, killed or forced to divorce each other simply because their parents do not agree. Aamir's question to everyone is that if a man and woman are baaliks and have married out of mutual consent and have the Indian law to support them, then why should anyone interfere?This was an unusual topic for Satyamev Jayate that has till now focused on horrifying topics like dowry, female feticide, child sexual harassment and medical mal practices. Aamir's this episode had both positives and negatives. First, talking about the positives, Aamir and his team have provided a platform for victims and their families to courageously speak up! Aamir also highlights the cases of innocent lovers like Manoj and Babli who were brutally killed and later drowned and whose family members are still fighting for justice. Not only are they suffering the loss of a loved one, but are also being boycotted by the entire village (in Haryana) and are deprived of basic necessities. They are even being threatened to withdraw the case or suffer the consequences.Secondly, Aamir raised the question of honour killings in the name of religion. Inter religious marriages are still unacceptable to our Indian society. Take the example of Rizwan Rahman and Priyanaka, where Rizwan's body was mysteriously found on the railway tracks, a case that caused a huge stir in the nation and that continues to seek justice in the Indian courts. Similar is Lokendra and Fehmida's story from Jhansi, Uttar Pradesh. The two have been on the run ever since they fell in love and decided to get married. Fehmida's family has not been able to accept this marriage and continues to threaten the couple. (Lokendra has been beaten black and blue by the cops, been locked up in jail and has paid a heavy ransom to get bail).Next, Aamir introduced the khap panchayat from Haryana and the conversation that followed, makes one laugh! It was amusing to see the five elderly members defend their decisions in the case of lovers marrying, going on to proudly say that they punish people who have been corrupted and veered off the track. It was hard to believe the elderly panchayats when they said they have never given a harsh punishment to anybody. Although Aamir did not agree with most of their view points, he thanked them for coming on his show. He raised a very thought provoking question, are the panchayats functioning on their own merit when they do not have any judiciary powers to punish people who have had a love marriage? Aamir also raised the issue that why should mature adults who fall in love be punished even when they marry outside the gotra ?The show also highlighted the fact that in Haryana, women are bought from countries like Nepal and are shamelessly sold. At such times, no one sees caste or religion. Then why interfere where lovers are concerned? A laudable effort on Aamir's part to bring on Sanjay Sachdev, chairman of Love Commandos who encouraged everyone to support love marriages saying such acts would bring punya to the parents. He also revealed an interesting fact whereby, the Supreme Court says that inter caste marriages will remove the difference of our society. Love Commandos helps couples on the run by providing free food and shelter to them for a period of two weeks. The organization also helps couples who want to get married but do not have their parent's consent. In some cases, the organization also helps rescue lovers who have been threatened or are under lock and key. This brings another issue to the fore. Why are Indian cops so corrupted? If they are hand in glove with families who sanction the murder, who do we run to for safety? Even political parties are scared of telling the khap panchayat anything in fear of losing their vote banks.The negatives: Although it was an important topic, it was slightly disappointing because the treatment to the topic was amateurish. It could have dealt with the parent's point of view or Aamir could have counseled the parents on the show. Often, even adults make wrong decisions and are forced to come back to their parent's home. At such times, it is only the family that supports these people. It could have shown both perspectives as to why families oppose. Agreed that honour killing in unacceptable and goes to the extreme. Maybe Priyanka's parents could have been brought on the show and been questioned. That would have helped audiences gauge the psyche behind such killings.Secondly, we all know about these honour killings, we see it in movies and we read it in the newspapers. So what is Aamir trying to tell us differently? Aamir rightly said that he won't get involved in the judiciary proceedings of these cases and believes the courts will do justice, but then what is the point of this episode? Also, Aamir's patent expressions have become predictable and asking the victims and their families how they dealt with the trauma seemed almost silly.His earlier four episodes have had a huge impact that even governments are taking action. The question is how has this episode of Satyamev Jayate helped the victims who are still being threatened and who are courageously coming on television. Is their safety guranteed? Is talking to Aamir Khan on national television enough to highlight their plight? As citizens, we need to ask why we are so tolerant to injustice and evil. Why is honour killing even being accepted? Can one show wipe off this age old mindset?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13788367", "title": "Now, private bus operators demand fare hike", "text": "KOLKATA: With the state hiking the fares of trams and CSTC buses on Saturday, the private bus operators have now demanded a revision in fares for 'sustainability' of the trade. Meanwhile, the state operators on Sunday said the modification of 50 paise in the fares - increasing 50 paise at one stage and slashing the same amount at another stage - won't impact their income.With the private operators planning to follow their state counterparts, transport minister Madan Mitra has hurriedly convened a meeting on Monday with the private transport operators.For CSTC buses, the fare revision is only for S (special) buses, which is a minuscule proportion of the entire fleet. According to a senior CSTC officer, the fare modification will be applicable only for S buses and not for its normal services. \"We have tickets worth Rs 4.50 and Rs 5.50 in special buses only. Now, the fare at both the stages will be Rs 5. For normal services, the fare remains Rs 4 at the first stage and Rs 6 in the subsequent stage,\" he said.The modification, according to him, won't bring any change to the transporter's income. \"Our study shows that majority of the commuters in the city go for shorter trips. Since there is a 50 paise hike in the first stage, we can have Rs 1 lakh extra income per day. However, at the next stage, we will lose 50 paise,\" the officer said.The modification has now made the private operators eye a fare hike. The minimum bus fare has been proposed as Rs 5, a rupee more than the existing rate, minibus operators have proposed a fare hike by Rs 2 and minimum taxi fare has been proposed as Rs 30, up by Rs 8.Now, the minimum fare of private buses is Rs 4. Sources said the diesel prices had been revised seven times since then, but the bus fare remained the same. \"There has to be a revision this time. Let's see what are the government's suggestions,\" said Joint Council of Bus Syndicates' Tapan Bandyopadhyay. Bengal Bus Syndicate vice-president Dipak Sarkar pointed out that the subsidy on a litre of diesel post consumption, as announced by the former state finance minister Asim Dasgupta, did not work out.It may be noted Mamata Banerjee is against any upward revision in fares. Her intention is not to tax the daily commuters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13793594", "title": "Shame: Delhi still India\u2019s rape capital", "text": "MUMBAI: Delhi continues to be the rape capital of the country, followed by Mumbai. Delhi registered 568 cases of rape, compared to 218 in Mumbai in 2011, National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB) statistics showed. In the 2007-2011 period, Delhi topped the chart, followed by Mumbai, Bhopal, Pune and Jaipur.Among states, Maharashtra ranked fifth with 7,703 cases registered; Madhya Pradesh tops the list with 15,275, followed by West Bengal (11,427), UP (8,834) and Assam (8,060). The report showed that 75,257 accused (aged 18-30) were arrested in the 2007-2011 period across India; 38,845 fall in the age group of 30-45. From those aged above 45, over 9,000 were arrested, including senior citizens. Juveniles (below 18) come last in the list with 4,461 cases.Investigators have found that the accused are known to victims in most rape cases.\"It is a social issue and it is impossible to come out with an initiative or strategy to curb such offences. Many cases registered are technical (with victim's consent),\" said Mumbai police spokesperson and deputy commissioner of police (crime branch unit-l) Nisar Tamboli. \"Offences are often committed by friends and relatives who lure the victim with false promises. Many times, offences are committed by unidentified persons and they easily escape arrest,\" he said.Agreeing with police, psychiatrist Dr Harish Shetty figured out three reasons that lead a person to commit rape. \"Anonymity, impulsiveness and power are some causes that make a person to commit the offence,\" Shetty said.He said there was a system collapse in India. \"There is hardly any fear left in the person who commits the offence. People should come together and form a community to fight for justice, to stop the serious offence. Then only can one find a solution,\" he said.Former IPS officer Y P Singh said the police informally classify rape into two categories: technical and violent. \"In case of technical rapes, there is an element of consent involved and there is no violence. Some examples are a lady caught red-handed in an act and then alleging rape; a man inducing a lady with a false promise of marriage and having intercourse. There have also been cases where departmental seniors have called for wives of suspended juniors to stop the husband being dismissed from service,\" said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "13792532", "title": "XLRI extends Post Graduate Certificate in Entrepreneurship Management admission by a week", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: With an aim to ensure effective representation of potential women entrepreneurs of the state particularly from the tribal and Scheduled Caste community, XLRI School of Business Management and Human Resources has extended the online registration dates of the Post Graduate Certificate in Entrepreneurship Management (PGCEM) programme by a week.Earlier, the last date for the registration was May 30 but now it is extended to June 8, said the school administration.\"One of the fundamentals of PGCEM is to provide adequate opportunity to the aspiring women entrepreneurs (along with the men) with a focus on the tribal and scheduled caste community and this is the reason for extending the online registration dates,\" said chairperson, entrepreneurship development center (EDC), XLRI, Prabal K Sen.Prof Sen said the institution had so far received women applications for about 10% of the seats. \"But we are expecting more women candidates,\" said Sen. Of the 55 seats in the entrepreneurship management course, the institution has reserved 50% of the seats for the Jharkhand candidates.\"The state is on the path of growth and we are keen to play a role in shaping the future of the aspiring entrepreneurs of the state particularly from the women community,\" said Sen.The full time six-month third batch of the PGCEM is designed with an aim at generating graduates who turn out to be entrepreneurs rather than managers. This unique programme aims to generate self-employed entrepreneurs who will not seek jobs in the market and will rather create employment avenues for themselves and others.The previous two rounds of PGCEM (introduced in March 2010) have been significantly successful to the extent that over 80% of the graduates have launched their own ventures, said Sen.\"The benefit to the aspiring entrepreneurs is that the course is pursued in such a manner as to encourage critical and lateral thinking and integrate theory with practice that enables in producing a sound entrepreneur,\" said a PGCEM faculty member.Apart from project formulation component, a number of courses covering conceptual and operational aspects related to execution of entrepreneurial ventures are included in the curriculum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13790877", "title": "\u2018New version\u2019 of Amausi airport welcomes fliers", "text": "Singapore-based businessman, Gagan Mehrotra was expecting the same old drab Amausi airport terminal to greet him on Saturday noon. But, Mehrotra was in for a pleasant surprise and virtually could not believe his eyes, as he got routed into a swanky gigantic building that resembled some of the better, if not the best, airport terminals in the country. Gone are the sheen less walls and the congested space that marked the gateway to Lucknow. What surrounded the passengers instead were some of the better services that they have been craving for quite some time.\"It is indeed pleasant to see Lucknow growing like this,\" said a smiling Mehrotra as he stepped out of the new terminal building that was finally thrown open to public on early hours of Saturday.Officials of the Airport Authority of India have been sweating hard to ensure a smooth opening of the new terminal. And they received a reasonably good response from the passengers. \"The feel of the terminal is good. We hope to see much more facilities in coming days,\" said Rakhi Garg, who had arrived from Mumbai.Passengers, however, complained of some glitches in the luggage delivery system. \"That is an area which needs to be tackled urgently,\" said Yogesh Bandhu, an economist with a government department. \"The flight arrived half an hour ago, but we could not get our luggage in time,\" he said. \"The system is probably not taken care of properly. As a passenger I will first care of my luggage than anything else,\" said Prateek Yadav, a student of Delhi University.Airport director Atul Dikshit said that the delay was because most of the airlines do not have a 'push back' (a trolley that aligns the stationed aircraft accordingly so that luggage can be off loaded). \"We have asked the airlines to make arrangement, so that the problem in luggage delivery system is addressed,\" the director said. Dikshit, however, said that the new terminal has evoked a nice response not only amongst the passengers, but also from the officials. An AAI official said that almost all facilities have been put in place, so that the passengers do not face any problem.Spread over an area of around 20,000 square metres, the three-tier building is proposed to have facilities like internet cafes, duty free shops, cafeteria, snack bars, book shops and jewellery stores. While some of the shops have been occupied others, around the immigration zone, are still vacant.An additional feature that marked the new terminal building is a chikan shop.AAI officials said that gradually all the shops will be occupied.At the same time, the new terminal looked spacious much to the delight of passengers. Constructed an estimated cost of around Rs 120 crore, the terminal is estimated to have enough space to accommodate 750 passengers at any given point of time. These passengers can be accommodated at the ground and the first floor, which also have a lounge connected to two aerobridges that will enable the passengers to walk straight into the aircraft.Serving to the capital of India's most populated state, the new terminal holds much significance.The airport presently caters to over 2.5 lakh fliers every year. It has been witnessing an increase in the number of airlines coming forth to connect it with other cities in India as well as abroad. With the airport witnessing a steady increase - often estimated in the range of 15-20% every year - the need for a new terminal has increasingly been felt. The passenger traffic in the airport is likely to go over 3 lakh by end of current financial year.Meanwhile, the old terminal will be taken up for renovation work anytime next year.The new terminal building will be an integrated terminal, even though Union civil aviation minister Ajit Singh during his visit last month had promised of upgrading it to international status.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "darbhanga", "code": "13792172", "title": "Kirti Azad asks BSNL officials to improve Telecom District Darbhanga functioning", "text": "DARBHANGA: Darbhanga BJP MP Kirti Azad on Saturday advised the staff of Telecom District Darbhanga (TDD), to improve the functioning and restore people's faith in BSNL.\"Many telephone exchanges under TDD do not work for days and none of the higher officials have bothered to look into it resulting in harassment of subscribers. When the subscribers protest billing, their grievances are never redressed,\" said Azad at the Telephone Advisory Committee meeting on Saturday. \"Nobody knows when the GM of TDD would come to office. As a result, the subscribers are unable to meet him,\" he said.GM, Muzaffarpur Telecom District, SS Yadav, holding additional charge of GM, TDD, said at least one day in a week he comes to Darbhanga. \"On which day?,\" asked Azad and suggested that he should come twice a week and the date of his arrival should be made public. The GM agreed to it.Azad told TOI that TDD functioning has deteriorated. \"During my stay here since May 31, hundreds of subscribers have met me with different complaints against local BSNL office. Being the people's representative, I was duty bound to raise these issues at the TAC meeting,\" he said. Azad said, he will also seek a vigilance inquiry into the functioning of TDD.Yadav said on phone from Muzaffarpur on Sunday that he had to look after both Darbhanga and Muzaffarpur telephone districts. He, however, said some of the lapses pointed by the Darbhanga MP were true. Now he had decided to visit Darbhanga office for two days in a week .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "bijapur", "code": "13792585", "title": "Allot maximum power from Kudagi plant to state: MLA", "text": "BIJAPUR: Babaleshwar MLA M B Patil on Saturday urged Union power minister Sushilkumar Shinde to allot the maximum portion of power generated at the Kudagi super thermal power project to the state. In a memorandum submitted to the minister during his visit to Kudagi on Saturday on the eve of foundation laying ceremony, said \"with the sacrifice of valuable land and sense of cooperation (from villagers) for setting up the plant, this allocation is essential\".The MLA urged the government to extend the restructured accelerated power development and reforms programme to the entire district which is now in action only in Bijapur and Indi towns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "13791690", "title": "Virbhadra Singh refuses to work \u2018under\u2019 Anand Sharma", "text": "SHIMLA: As Congress party in Himachal Pradesh is witnessing a clash of titans with two of its Union ministers on opposite ends, others in the party are worried about the party's winning prospects in the assembly elections due later this year.After Congress high command formed a manifesto committee for assembly elections, making Union minister Anand Sharma as its chairman, former chief minister and Union minister Virbhadra Singh, who was made its member, has flatly refused to join the committee.According to party sources, Virbhadra Singh was not happy with the decision to form manifesto committee, breaking away from past precedence. In the past, the manifesto committee, having senior leaders from the state as members, used to hold meetings under the chairmanship of state president. But this time, a chairman and convener has been announced for the committee, which has now become a bone of contention for the two warring factions.Party insiders said that Virbhadra Singh is the senior most leader of the state, besides being a senior minister, while in the manifesto committee, he was inducted as a member under Anand Shama and Nagrota MLA G S Bali, who has been appointed the convener. \"Virbhadra Singh has already made it clear to Congress general secretary and party's incharge for state, Virender Singh, that he would stay away from the committee. He would not join it as Anand Sharma has been appointed chairman, ignoring the seniority of Virbhadra Singh, which is not acceptable to him,\" said a Virbhadra loyalist.Sources said that in his message, Virbhadra Singh has also reportedly pointed out that while forming the committee, proper protocol should have been followed. Many within the party feel that the way the two leaders are not seeing eye to eye and have failed to come together at party platforms, Congress would find it difficult to clinch power back from BJP in the coming assembly elections.A Congress leader said that the party lost Shimla MC polls due to factionalism.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "13791019", "title": "Student leaders to meet Karnataka CM", "text": "IMPHAL: The leaders of six students' bodies of the state will be leaving for Karnataka on Monday to press Karnataka chief minister Sadananda Gowda and the state's DGP for a thorough probe into the case of Loitam Richard's death.The agitating students belonging to the All Manipur Students' Union (Amsu), Manipuri Students' Federation (MSF), Desam, KSA, Suk and Swak threatened to ban BJP in Manipur if their demand is not complied with by the Karnataka CM.To insist upon the demand, Desam vice president M Angamba, Amsu vice president Abdul Sheikh, MSF president Ng Milan, KSA president Y Pradeepkumar, Swak general secretary S Punshiba and Suk vice president L Santosh will be leaving for Bangalore on Monday.They will put pressure on the Karnatak CM and DGP for setting up a more vigorous probe to crack the case and insure fitting punishment to the guilty. Efforts will also be made to hold a protest rally in Bangalore in association with the Bangalore Manipuri Students' Association and North East Forum, Angamba said.Meanwhile Manipur unit BJP president-in-charge S Ibohal Singh appealed to the students' bodies to review their decision to ban the party, saying that they have been raising the issue in both houses of the parliament and is also pressing the Karnataka government to bring justice to Richard.Karnataka CM Sadananda Gowda has assured that a fresh post mortem examination will be conducted at AIIMS, New Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13790419", "title": "Cops reinstate juvenile welfare wing", "text": "NOIDA: The Gautam Budh Nagar police have reinstated the special juvenile welfare wing, which had been disbanded after a number of transfers were sparked off by a change of guard in UP.The special wing, which looks exclusively at crimes against minors, consists of specially trained officers at each police station, including one juvenile welfare officer in the city's only women's police station.The move comes in the backdrop of increased incidence of crime against children in the district. In March and April alone, 22 such cases were reported to CWC.Cops said the wing, which first became operational in early 2011, was disbanded in the wake of a number of a transfers. Each police station has been assigned a special juvenile officer who is responsible for taking care of such cases.\"There are 17 such officers in each police station in Noida and Greater Noida, including one officer in the city's Mahila Thana. These officers have been chosen keeping in mind the sensitivity with which they handle such cases,\" said Yogesh Singh, SP city. The wing was reconstituted soon after an advisory was released by the Union ministry of home affairs with regard to trafficking of children. It said \"all police officers and men, especially the team of officers handling investigation of these cases, need to be trained and sensitized on an ongoing basis to the issues concerned\".The officers, who have been chosen for the special unit, received an orientation by CWC and the FXB Suraksha-Childline, the organization nominated by the Union ministry of women and child development, on May 19. The cops were briefed about their responsibilities. They will also be a part of a special training workshop to be held in the coming weeks.Cops said the district has seen a number of brutal crimes against children over the last year, including the torture and kidnapping of an 8-year-old girl and physical and mental abuse of domestic help.According to CWC, eight such cases were reported in March, and 14 in April. The most recent of these cases is that of a 14-year-old maid from Jharkhand whose employer, a software engineer in Gurgaon, allegedly tortured and confined her for a year. This case has been assigned to the juvenile police officer of Sector 58 police station, Praveen Saxena.\"The case is being handled with extreme caution, especially while collecting evidence and conducting medical examination,\" said Saxena.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "ramgarh", "code": "13792617", "title": "Fire in Patratu Thermal Power Station, four injured", "text": "Ramgarh: At least four workers of the Patratu Thermal Power Station (PTPS) of the Jharkhand State Electricity Board (JSEB) were injured in a fire that broke out at Unit 6 on Sunday. The four were immediately referred to the Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences (RIMS) Ranchi.Sources in the PTPS said the condition of some of injured technicians was critical.PTPS general manager Sudhanshu Kumar said because of human errors as power supply was mistakenly connected to wrong place, the fire broke out in Unit 6 of the plant injuring four technicians. \"The injured technicians were referred to the RIMS by ambulance provided by an ambulance provided by the Jindal Steel and Power Limited,\" Kumar added.Meanwhile, Kumar admitted that incident caused a huge financial loss to PTPS and said to be an embarrassment for the plant as effort to light up the unit would be delayed. However he did not ascertain the actual loss caused by incident saying the experts would go through the detailed assessment of the loss and there would be an enquiry into the incident.tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13795742", "title": "Consumer forum orders Railways to pay compensation to passenger", "text": "LUCKNOW: The district consumer disputes redressal forum has asked the Indian Railways to pay the cost of treatment, along with compensation for mental trauma and cost of litigation to a complainant, who injured his finger after the glass pane of Pushpak Express fell on his hand.Though the passenger (complainant) filed the complaint in the consumer forum in 2005, the order came only on Saturday. The complainant had booked tickets in Pushpak Express in December 12, 2005. He had boarded the train, with his family, to travel from Lucknow to Bhopal. But, a few minutes before the departure of the train, when the complainant was sitting next to the window, the glass pane fell on his hand. In the accident, his finger got badly crushed.However, when he informed the train guard, and then the TTE, asking for medical aid, they refused saying that there is no medical aid available on-board. And, the injured passenger can get the help only at Kanpur railway station. The complainant had no option but to de-board the train, and rush to the railway dispensary for first aid. After he could not get the treatment even at the railway dispensary, he had to cancel his journey and go to a hospital. On cancellation, a sum of Rs 472 was deducted from the total fare of Rs 864.The complainant, who is a resident of Bhopal , had to stay in Lucknow, at his relative's place, and bear the cost of his treatment. In his complaint, he alleged that Railways is guilty of deficiency in service and he should be compensated for the ordeal that he went through.The complainant also alleged that windows of the coach were defective and its support locks were out of order. Railways, on the other hand, said that Pushpak Express is one of the VIP trains and its coaches are well maintained. Railways also said that the injured passenger neither contacted the guard nor the TTE of the coach.Railways denied there was any deficiency in service on its part. However, the forum observed that it was due to the injury caused to the complainant, by the faulty window pane that he had to cancel his journey. \"Though the amount of compensation offered is low in this case, what matter is that the forum has seen it as deficiency in service,\" said Mujeeb Effendi, consumer lawyer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13795513", "title": "Because mere graduation is too mainstream", "text": "PANAJI: These are still early days for the 17-year-old Class XII pass-outs to think in terms of a career. Or may be not.Several students who have just cleared their Class XII examinations are looking to go beyond the beaten path as they opt for professional courses rather than simply complete their graduation and then decide on the next \"course of action.\"\"I want to be a chartered accountant because I've always been interested in maths and accounts. So this is the perfect profession for me,\" said Panaji resident and a student of Mushtifund HSS, Tanvi Parekh, without a doubt in her mind.Rising competition is definitely keeping youngsters on their toes, who are increasingly realizing the need to identify a job-oriented course early on, which will later give them an edge in the employment market.Prajay Maganlal, who has secured 88% in the commerce stream, wants to pursue a commerce degree from Altinho's Dempo College but has enrolled on the side in a company secretary course which opens up prospects to a professional career.\"I want to pursue a degree course in computer applications and later want to pursue a master's course in the same subject or a business administration degree,\" said Prajakta Ambiye, who is looking at employment avenues in either Bangalore or Pune in the field of information technology and marketing.Eighteen-year-old Safina Khan, who has scored 75% in the Class XII exams in the arts stream, said, \"I want to get a bachelors degree in arts in psychology. Psychiatrists are needed everywhere now-a-days with growing stress in the lives of urban people. It has good scope. It is one of my strong subjects where I have scored very high and it is very interesting to learn too,\" Safina said.A career in advertising and media has caught the fancy of many-a-students for the wide range of employment opportunities they provide.Commerce student Maleesha Gera, daughter of Mohan and Luiza Gera, owners a of Panaji-based travel agency, has chosen a career in advertising and designing instead of the more academic courses despite having secured a stunning score of 82.03%. \"I have joined Maeer Mit Institute of Design in Pune which is considered to be the fourth best college in designing,\" the youngster said. She will be accompanied by her friend Avishya Shetty of Dhempe Higher Secondary School who has secured an even commendable score of 86.01% at the Class XII exams.Miramar resident Melinda Viegas, after securing 83%, wants to pursue a degree in mass communication and videography at Mapusa's St Xavier's College. \"I have chosen the course because it prepares me for a vast variety of careers in television, radio, public relations, advertising or advanced studies in communication and research. I intend to do my post graduation in this field and specialize in film production and editing as there is a wide scope,\" Melinda said.The kick of getting into an off-beat career is driving course choices of students.Viraj Nayak, a Class XII science stream pass out from Dhempe College of Arts and Science, Miramar, has already made his mind up to join the National Institute of Technology at Farmagudi. Nayak, who has secured 82.06% in Class XII, aspires to become a researcher in nuclear physics.The students seem to be amazingly sure of the path they want to follow at a very early stage.It is either going to be a bachelor in arts with economics degree or a law degree course for Aishwarya Desai, a student of Smt Parvatibai Chowgule College of Arts and Science, Margao, who has secured 76.66% in the arts stream. A regular degree course will not do for her.Student of Panaji's Don Bosco Higher Secondary School Sana Sheikh, who secured 70% at the Class XII exams in the commerce stream, has her sight set on the bachelor in business administration (BBA) course. \"I believe in a practical approach towards studies and not just bookish knowledge. We learn better from real life situations rather than from books. The BBA course offers opportunities where we are put into such real life situations. So the learning process is more effective. I want to learn and not just to use the knowledge I get for exams,\" the youngster said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "13811150", "title": "Sikhs in Canada launch advocacy campaign against LaSalle Minor Soccer Association", "text": "JALANDHAR: An advocacy campaign has been launched in Canada after LaSalle Minor Soccer Association decided not to allow Sikhs with turban and patka to participate in Soccer games in the country.\"We have written to the president of the Soccer Club Authority Sofio Pagliaro, and also to the technical director. \"The response received from their secretary clearly indicates that they do not have jurisdiction in offering exemptions to FSQ, CSA &amp; FIFA regulations\" said Sukhwinder Singh, director of United Sikhs, which has launched the campaign.\"We have made it clear to the president that this decision is against the basic principles of human rights and is hence a violation of the Canadian Charter of Rights,\" he said.\"The decision was taken a few weeks ago and they have not only banned these aspiring players to play but also went a step further and canceled their registration and returned their registration money,\" the NGO has said.Deepinder Singh, community advocate of United Sikhs revealed that they had got in touch with other soccer clubs of Canada. \"These clubs have not only shown their displeasure with LaSalle Minor Soccer Association but are also willing to support our advocacy efforts on this issue,\" he claimed.The feedback from the local community of Quebec indicated that there haven't been any such issues in the past. \"These issues have surfaced this year after the inception of new technical director,\" the NGO said. Its community director Ranbir Singh, said, \"We think that the LaSalle Minor Soccer Association is acting against their own constitution and policies\".Aneel Singh Samra, one of the affected Sikh youth, has decided to challenge this ban and expressed his resolve to pursue the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "13790446", "title": "Maharashtra lost 400 hectares of forest cover in 2 years", "text": "THANE: A staggering 400 hectares of forest have been wiped off the map of Maharashtra in two years (2007-2011), raising eyebrows about conservation strategies adopted by forest and environment authorities here.The loss of forest cover purportedly due to human actions such as illegal tree felling, drilling into mountains, creating settlements or farming is bound to have an impact on biodiversity conservation and carbon accounting, experts said.Forest cover in Maharashtra shrunk to 50,646 sq km, according to India State of Forest Report 2011, as against the 50,650 sq km of the area notified in 2009.The destruction of four sq km of forests cover in 24 months here threatens not only animal and bird species, but risks the forest eco system services, wildlife researchers said. Though experts declined to quantify the economic value of the loss of forests, they estimated that it could run into several crores considering the wood stock, vegetation and vital ecosystem services.\"Forests act as a buffer against climate change and support the livelihood of urban or semi-urban settlements. Imagine a situation where the catchment area of Tansa, inside the Sanjay Gandhi National Park, dries up due to change of rainfall pattern, triggered largely due to deforestation drive. The first to feel the pinch would be settlements dependent on Tansa for its drinking water,\" Dhanraj Patil, a Pune-based wildlife research scholar, said.Senior forest officer D B Parkhe, heading the conservation cell in Nagpur, acknowledged the loss of forest cover but declined to share reasons or give details about the intervention policies by the department in districts where the forest cover has shrunk.Patil said the policy shift towards urban cities and towns and infusing huge public funds for infrastructure development in urban centres, while neglecting development in the rural landscape contributed to the loss of forest cover across the nation.He said it was crucial to identify the location of the lost forest cover. \"If the lost 400 hectares is the connecting patch between two forests, or the forest corridor, it is a matter of huge concern. These corridors are basically wild growth of shrubs which help connect adjacent protected forests. Wild cats or other habitats travel from one spot to another for territorial expansion or breeding. If these corridors vanish, it leads to breeding within the territory, which then results in loss of genetic vigour,\" Patil said.He added that if these linkages between two forests are destroyed, the wild life population risk near extinction. \"Take the Asiatic Lion of the Gir national forest which has become near-extinct due to in-breeding, because of the absence of forest corridor,\" the research scholar said.Among states which have recorded the highest loss of wood vegetation is neighbouring Andhra Pradesh, where over 28,000 hectares of forest cover have vanished from 2009 to 2011. While state officials here attribute this to Naxals, who are felling trees, Patil said, \"It is difficult to comprehend. Naxals use the woods as safe hideouts against the marching army of paramilitary and police forces. Why would they chop the woods and clear ground for those who are chasing them and want them flushed out of the forests,\" he added. Andhra Pradesh recorded a forest cover of 46,389 sq km at the end of 2011 as against the 46,670 sq km forest in 2009.Deforestation was the highest in the seven sister states in the north-east where the collective loss of forest cover between 2009-2011 was an eye-popping 54,900 hectares. Manipur forests have shrunk by 19,000 hectares in two years, followed by 14,600 hectares in Nagaland and 12,300 hectares in Mizoram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13790937", "title": "Tribals can help in forest conservation: Expert", "text": "COIMBATORE: Tribals living in the forests must not be compelled to leave their abode, AJT John Singh, well-known conservationist associated with World Wildlife Fund (WWF), said at a seminar organised in KCT college here on Saturday.Singh added that they have knowledge about the forests and wildlife and can help preserve flora and fauna. Therefore, they must not be forced out of their homes, if these fall inside forest reserves. Pointing at the initiatives of the ministry of forest and environment, Singh says the tribals should be included in the conservation efforts of the government and not asked to relocate outside the forests. \"The tribals could work as watchmen and guides,\" he said.Commenting on the expertise of the tribal people he said while the captive elephants in Kerala are known to have killed many mahouts, no cases of elephants killing mahouts have been reported from Madumalai. This is because the tribal people live with the elephants all their lives. This is significant when considering the fact the elephants in Kerala are taken in chains, while these tribes take them relatively freely, he said. \"The tribes understand the animals ,\" he said.Singh also said that several animals and plant species need to be encouraged in the Nilgiri Biosphere Reserve. \"The sambar deer is one species which has to be encouraged. They are a good feed for the tigers. Rise in sambar deer population will help increase the tiger population. Barking deer also need to be preserved,\" he added.There are some shrubs which are threatening the lives of the animals. There are shrubs like the 'erect prickly pear' which are an invasive species and do not put a control on the growth of grass and the green. \"This reduces the shortage of food for the animals. This must be removed in an aggressive basis, he said. He said some of the efforts of the government have supported the wildlife.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13792307", "title": "Cops clueless about scale of event", "text": "BANGALORE: Not too long ago the city police had given an undertaking to the Karnataka high court that they would not allow any rally or protest in Bangalore if the number of participants in the event was expected to cross 15,000.But on Sunday when the Vokkaligara Sangha held a Guruvandana programme to felicitate Adichunchanagiri mutt pontiff Sri Balagangadharanatha Swamiji at Palace Grounds, it was not clear what had happened to this police proposal.In fact, permission had been granted to the organizers without even seeking details about the expected crowd turnout, police sources said, adding that all that police were told was that about 2,800 buses would ferry the crowds to the event. Apparently no homework too was done as a sheer guesstimate that a minimum of 50 people could come in each bus could have put police on alert.As Sunday dawned, 4,000 buses ferried into the city an estimated 2.5 lakh strong crowd, leaving the small contingent of 423 traffic policemen hopelessly outnumbered and clueless. The organizers, who had expected a 6-lakh turnout, claimed that 4 lakh people participated in the event.Power nap angers top copSources privy to the happenings in and around Palace Grounds said that the city's traffic police chief, additional commissioner MA Saleem, was himself witness to a couple of his men sleeping while traffic was going haywire a few metres way. Saleem is believed to have taken his men to task before personally getting down to the task, but by then it was too late.Trouble started in the morning itself as all Palace Grounds-bound traffic was diverted from national and state highways into the Outer Ring Road to reach Bellary Road.The number of buses that came on to Bellary Road within a few hours was too much for the thoroughfare to withstand. Besides, the buses that had to be parked inside Palace Grounds queued up haphazardly on Bellary Road and Jayamahal Road, throwing other traffic out of gear.By afternoon, the Guruvandana crowd hijacked traffic management; mobs forced policemen on the road to stop the traffic flow from Cantonment railway station towards Mekhri Circle for hours to allow the Guruvandana buses to return.\"Things are going smooth otherwise. But this particular road (Jayamahal Road) is proving to be troublesome. Many of the bus drivers do not have any road sense. They are stopping the buses abruptly in the middle of the road or parking them on the narrow stretch,\" Saleem told TOI amidst playing pointsman on the jammed road.By 3pm, things went beyond police control when mobs came on to the road in front of the JC Road police station. They browbeat the handful of policemen and forcefully brought their buses outside the Palace Grounds.Police had clearly told the organizers that all buses should leave the grounds only by 4pm. But the mobs shouted slogans against police, sat on the road and made sure that no vehicles passed through. Finally, police had to negotiate with the mob to get some traffic pass by.Times ViewPoliticians have frequently held the city hostage by organizing rallies and protests. Film stars, too, have endorsed netas by holding gala events and unleashing chaos on the roads. It now looks like caste organizations don't want to be left behind. In late 2008, a JD(S) rally brought the city to a standstill for seven hours as thousands turned up for the event. The rally politics, however, came under judicial scrutiny and police assured Karnataka high court that they won't allow any such event in the city if it were to be more than 15,000-strong . Whatever happened to that commitment?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13792346", "title": "1.5L voters in 2nd phase of panchayat bypoll today", "text": "RANCHI: Over 1.54 lakh voters will exercise their franchise on Monday in the second phase of panchayat byelection to decide the fate of 713 candidates for the posts of ward member, mukhiya and panchayat samiti member.State election commissioner S D Sharma on Sunday said all preparations, including security arrangements, had been made to ensure peaceful and fair election in 14 districts. \"The election was to be organized for 780 posts in the three-tier panachayat election in 14 districts of the state. Of these, 457 candidates, including 455 for posts of ward members, were elected unopposed,\" Sharma said adding that there were 73 wards where no one filed nominations.There are total 308 women candidates in fray for ward members, 10 for mukhiyas and 42 for panchayat samiti members.The election will be organized at 443 booths in 100 blocks and voting will start at 7am. Any voter who enters the premises of the polling booth at 3pm, when the voting ends, will be allowed to vote.Sharma said since this was the first time that electronic voting machines (EVM) were used for panachayat elections in the state, polling personnel were given proper training. \"Just before the polling starts, there will be mock poll to check the EVM,\" he added.Additional director general of police A K Sinha said they had deployed adequate security personnel in all districts to ensure peaceful poll. \"We have deployed around 1,130 officers, 634 head constables and around 6,500 constables on poll duty,\" said Sinha.Police have also seized 21 illegal and 135 licensed firearms in the past one month. A total of 1,255 people, with pending cases, have been arrested. \"We have also executed 3,758 non-bailable warrants,\" said Sinha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13792713", "title": "Students oppose changes in IIT-JEE", "text": "KANPUR: The meritorious students of IIT-Kanpur, who bagged various awards during the 44th convocation ceremony of the institute on Saturday, raised objections over the proposed changes in the pattern of the joint entrance test for IITs from 2013.The students said that they do not want the HRD ministry to interfere into the process of JEE. It is a foolproof system to check the calibre of a student.Through this screening process, the sharpest of the brains reach the IITs. If any change in the examination pattern is made by taking into consideration a student's performance in class XII for getting admission into IITs, the standard of JEE and the IITs will fall.Shubhayu Chatterjee, Ankit Kumar and Ashish Gupta, recipients of the President's gold medal, Tej Pratap, winner of director's gold medal, Abhinav Prateek, winner of Ratan Swarup memorial prize and Parnika Agrawal, recipient of General Proficiency award and Batra gold medal stressed that the new pattern is not the right move of the HRD ministry.The students said that due to existence of different boards in the country, measuring the performance of the students based on class XII results is not possible on the basis of any statistical formula. Therefore, the present system of JEE is best.The Student Gymkhana of IIT-Kanpur also expressed concern over the proposed changes in the JEE pattern.The students of this body have decided to join the faculty members over the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13811565", "title": "No actress yet for Shah Rukh in 'Chennai Express'", "text": "Director Rohit Shetty, who would be working with Shahrukh Khan in his next film 'Chennai Express', has said he is yet to zero-in on the leading actress for the movie.\"It is too early...we have not yet decided. We are waiting for Bol Bachchan to release. So till July end we will not finalise. After that we will take up a call on that,\" Rohit said.Chennai Express is a romantic film with Shahrukh in the lead. Though the lead actress has not yet been finalised, rumours are rife that Deepika Padukone or Kareena Kapoor might be roped in for the film.Kareena and Shahrukh were paired opposite each other in Asoka (2001) and Ra.One (2011), while Deepika made her acting debut opposite Khan in Om Shanti Om (2007).Chennai Express is slated to be a total commercial film in \"Rohit style\". It is the story about a man who travels from Mumbai to Rameshwaram and what all happens during the journey.Meanwhile, Shetty's Bol Bachchan, starring Ajay Devgn, Abhishek Bachchan , Asin and Prachi Desai , is set to release on July 6. It is inspired by the 1979 comic flick Golmaal.On similarities between Golmaal and Bol Bachchan, Shetty said, \"You will have to wait and see the film and tell me.\"Megastar Amitabh Bachchan is set to recreate his famous entry scene in the song 'My Name is Anthony Gonsalves' for Bol Bachchan.The song in his hit movie Amar Akbar Anthony had showed Big B popping out of a life-sized egg. The makers have recreated the scene for title track video of Bol Bachchan.The 69-year-old actor has lent his famous baritone for the track and the song will also feature some of his evergreen iconic dialogues from the film. \"He has sung the song...we had fun doing it,\" Shetty said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13790669", "title": "Farmers join hands to wrest back their land", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Farmers in the state are again up in arms against the law that empowered the forest department to acquire farm lands adjacent to forest lands in the state. The Kerala Forest (Vesting and Management of Ecologically Fragile Lands) Act, 2003, also known as EFL Act, was seen as draconian by the 10,800 farmers who were affected by it.The serious consternation among the farmers in the state for long had forced the state government to amend the rules in 2009. Though it excluded all farmers who had less than five acres of land from the act and, to some extent, even dissuaded the forest department from going ahead with its implementation, over 1,055 farmers across the state say they are yet to get the benefit of this government order.Farmers say many of them who had only 5-10 cents have also lost their land under the act and are still awaiting the nod of the chief conservator of forests to reoccupy it. What is even worse is the fact that farmers are kept in the dark by the forest department about the move to acquire their land. Farmers say they are told about the move only 3-4 years after the land is identified and reclaimed by the forest department under the act.They say the promise of finance minister K M Mani in his budget speech that farm land will be excluded from the act remains unattended. Demanding immediate intervention of the state government to protect their rights, farmers across the state have decided to rally under the leadership of Malayora Karshaka-Karshaka Thozhilali Kshema Bhoosamrakshana Samiti.Land owned by farmers and tribal groups were also included in the ecologically fragile category by the forest department, alleged the office bearers of the forum.Farmers from Palakkad, Wayanad, Idukki, Kozhikode, Kannur, Malappuram, Thiruvananthapuram, Thrissur, Kollam and Kasaragod are affected by the law.The forum leaders are now also demanding a change in the definition of ecologically fragile land mainly because the present definition does not help them get back their land.Farmers are also demanding the annulment of section 3 and 4 of the act that empowers the government to take-over the farmers' land without paying any compensation.\"We have been fighting for our rights for over 12 years,\" said Abdul Gafoor, Wayanad district secretary of the forum. \"Though the government had decided not to notify more lands under the act, the forest officials continue their effort to list more farm lands as ecologically fragile,\" he alleged.The samiti, a forum formed for the protection of farmers from hilly regions in the state, will launch a statewide agitation against the official apathy from June 10. \"We will convene a meeting of affected families in the state to decide up on the measures to be taken,\" said K Shaji, general secretary of the forum. The meeting would also discuss the legal steps to be taken to fight against the forceful implementation of the act without offering any compensation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13789050", "title": "BMW crash: Suraj Sherawat fails to submit licence", "text": "GURGAON: The main accused in the BMW hit-and-run case, Suraj Sherawat, did not appear before the special investigation team (SIT) on Sunday. Police had given him a 10-day extension ending Sunday to submit his driving licence with cops.After Sherawat, a BCom (first year) student of Delhi University had joined investigations on May 4, police had asked him to comply with a court order to surrender his driving licence. A senior police officer said there was no need to summon Suraj again to submit his licence.\"We will file a chargesheet in the case mentioning the fact that he failed to submit his licence. We will file it soon instead of waiting for the 90-day period from the date of lodging of the FIR. It will be failure on the part of Suraj while we will submit the facts with the court,\" an officer said.The accused, on May 5, had allegedly rammed his BMW into a Tata Indigo , killing two, including a woman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13790544", "title": "Getting a gun licence becomes a tough task", "text": "KOCHI: From now on, owning guns is not going to be an easy affair in Ernakulam as the city police have begun checking rampant misuse of licensed weapons. They are cancelling licences of existing gun owners as well as rejecting fresh applications.According to police officials, they cancelled arms licence of 2,892 gun holders of the total 5,214 licence holders in Ernakulam district in the last two years.The licence cancellation drive was initiated after the police decided to be strict in checking the credentials of licence holders, to ascertain if they actually required an arms licence.\"Getting or renewing arms licence is not going to be easy any more. The ministry of home affairs has directed the state police to be strict in giving no objection certificate to licence applicants. There are a lot of people who have availed themselves of arms licence through a section of the Arms Act which permits granting of licence to protect crops from wild animals,\" the officials said.They also said that the police have started to cancel such licences after evaluating whether the licence holders presently face same level of threat from wild animals.As per the data available with the officials, the maximum number of gun licence holders are in Kanayannur taluk (650) followed by Muvattupuzha (519), Kunnathunad (316), Aluva (306), Kochi (230), Kothamangalam (228) and Paravoor (72). \"We have started an area-wise background check of licence holders. As we put across a strict message to the applicants seeking arms licence and introduced thorough background check of the applicants, the number of applicants has also come down drastically in 2011,\" the officials said.The data with the administration wing shows that only 14 arms licences were issued in 2011 in Ernakulam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13793409", "title": "Dress code must for CBI sleuths during raid", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Baffled by frequent cases of conmen posing as its agents, CBI, Chandigarh has decided to adopt the agency's new nationwide policy to wear uniform (with jacket and cap) when its sleuths conduct surprised raids and other operations in Tricity, a practice followed by FBI.More than a dozen cases of cheating, under the garb of CBI sleuths, were reported throughout the county and three cases out of 12 were reported in Tricity in the past three months.Confirming the same, DIG (CBI), Chandigarh, Mahesh Aggarwal, said, \"The decision to follow a dress code was taken following the cheating cases reported throughout the country, and three in Chandigarh. Dresses would arrive shortly and forthcoming operations, including raids and traps against bribe seekers, would be laid by uniformed officers.\"At present, there are more than 200 CBI sleuths working in two branches of CBI, including special crime branch (SCB) and anti-corruption branch (ACB).On January 4, Dinesh Kumar of Mohali, was arrested for demanding bribe of Rs 20,000 from a government employee B D Singla, claiming he is from CBI. Before this, accused Dinesh had threatened Singla that he had worked for Punjab vigilance.In December 2011, a bogus assistant superintendent of police (ASP) with CBI, Aman Kumar, was arrested for cheating more than Rs 20 lakh from Tricity residents on the pretext of settled down their disputes claiming to be a CBI officer.A senior CBI official said, \"A detailed report of all the forgery cases in which accused posed as CBI officials was sent to Delhi headquarters of the primer investigation agency.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13795230", "title": "Technology for the remote areas", "text": "Vinny Lohan, winner of General Electric's Alva Emerging Fellowship, talks to Ruchi Chopda about his technology that will provide an effective and low-cost way to beam out daily lessons to children in remote areas with no access to internetCould you elaborate on your innovation?Imagine a village, which is way beyond broadband infrastructure or even telephone lines. Such areas are the target of various initiatives, which intend to provide low-cost computers to the poorer communities. All these initiatives have the best intentions - to distribute digital technologies to the underprivileged. However, a large percentage of these devices are in the remote regions with no internet or any other method of information transfer. They are digitally disconnected and have no way of receiving new and updated information or native language content, meaning that they are unable to utilise the potential of the digital world. OneBeep addresses this problem through its inexpensive and robust method to send digital content to these devices.Using our software, any digital file can be converted to audio, which is then sent via radio waves. This can be received on any AM/FM radio, which passes it on to the laptop via an inexpensive audio cable. The file is then converted back to its original form once it has been received on the devices.As every village has AM radios, you now have a low-cost way to beam out daily lessons, health material , etc, over long distances to thousands of devices.To date, the greatest distance over which OneBeep has been able to successfully send and receive data is 100 km. We are currently working on new algorithms and coding techniques so as to increase this distance to over 200 km.In an age when schools are maximising the usage of internet and the government is providing technological tools to students (Aakash tablet), what prompted you to come up with an innovation the focus of which is entirely the opposite?The limiting factor to a lot of amazing technology, these days, is connectivity. Programmes such as the Aakash tablet are great initiatives; however, the ability to provide bandwidth, along with them, to rural areas is much easier said than done. The day, when internet is readily available to people and they have access to information, will be a dream come true for me. However till then, technology such as OneBeep will be needed to fill the ever so widening gap.When do you anticipate your technology to be launched in India and what kind of impact are you looking at?I am currently working very hard to raise funds for further development and testing the process. I expect our technology to be readily available in India within a year. As to the impact, even one child downloading a book on his device will mean a lot to me. Anything after that will be success.How can the Indian government make sure that the latest innovations, like yours, are launched in India?First and foresmost, the government needs to celebrate the already existing innovations in the country and set them as examples for others. Regulatory reforms are needed to make it easier for social entrepreneurs to operate in India. It would also be nice to see more social entrepreneurship courses being taught at major universities like IITs and IIMs. Our young and bright people need to be exposed to the teething problems our nation is facing and given tools that can help them build solutions. Any advice for young entrepreneurs /innovators in India? Think about technology as a means to an end, not as an end in itself. Often, we fall into the trap of blindly loving our innovation and happen to forget that the real value is not in the work itself, but its successful implementation. Another piece of advice to budding Indian entrepreneurs is that we need to think more about branding.What is the message your company is trying to send to the world? Why do you do what you do? Why do you exist?This applies as much to the business as it does to the entrepreneurs ; you have to learn to tell compelling stories if you want the whole world to listen. Last, but not the least - don't ever be afraid of failure.For more stories on Change Makers, log on to www.myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13792830", "title": "Mercury on high, touches 44.3 degrees Celsius mark", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The city continued to bear the brunt of the summer season on Sunday as the maximum temperature touched 44.3 degrees Celsius. The minimum temperature was 31.1 degrees Celsius.Since it was Sunday, people remained indoors. But, candidates appearing in CPMT and railway examinations had to brave hot weather conditions. Roadside vendors and small shopkeepers did brisk business near the examination centres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13796949", "title": "Energy solutions", "text": "Despite several initiatives by governments and international agencies, the problem of energy access continues to persist in many parts of the world.\"Realising the long-term consequences of the problem, the on-going project at TERI University aims at devising innovative solutions to the problem of energy access through off-grid renewable energy-based systems,\" says Gopal K Sarangi, research associate, Centre for Regulatory and Policy Research, TERI University. This research is ongoing and will be on for a period of five years (2009-2014 ).International Energy Agency's recent statistics reveal that about 40% of the world's population lacks any form of modern energy and there is a threat that without any additional policy support and action , more people are likely to slip into the energy poverty trap in 2030 than now.Talking about his contribution in the project, Sarangi explains that one of the key activities of the project is to develop an appropriate business framework. \"We visited a few off-grid plants that bordered Bihar and UP, and we will be visiting Chhattisgarh next. These visits help us validate the ground realities to make the framework. We make questionnaires and give them to cluster managers of the off-grid plants. With the response , we will build the framework and academic capacity through issues such as environment benefits of an off-grid plant, etc. I assist the team in collating the information from a large number of secondary sources such as NTPC journals, UN findings, etc, and analyse them to draw conclusions,\" he adds.Since the project aims to provide access to energy through off-grid modalities, it has a huge impact at various levels. \"The project goes proposes a business framework which is holistic and sustainable over a long period of time. This would help in scaling up of the off-grid renewable energy systems. The project also seeks to generate policy level impacts by providing recommendations for the government,\" he says.Talking about the challenges, he says that the off-grids are located in remote places and it is often challenging to reach these places. \"Some of these off-grids are located in remote villages in Orissa, UP, etc, where some villages and not very accessible,\" he adds. Sarangi would like to continue with his research in the area of energy, besides teaching.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13811800", "title": "Sattai single rocks internet", "text": "The making of the song Sahaayane in the film Sattai is making waves on the Internet world. The music for the single track that was released recently is done by D Imman, who post his excellent score in Myna is big in Kollywood.This melodious number, which many state will become very popular soon, has been delivered by Shreya Ghoshal. Her rendition of the words in the song have come in for praise as well. The two (Shreya and Imman) have earlier worked on the catchy-and-melodious Neeyum Naanum track in Myna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13792809", "title": "Civic bodies elections: More than 40 candidates file papers", "text": "ALLAHABAD: About 47 candidates filed their nomination at the collectorate on Sunday for the post of corporators on the third day of nominations for local bodies elections.No candidate filed nomination for the post of mayor while two candidates filed the nominations for the post of chairman, nagar panchayat. Besides, five candidates filed the nominations for the post of members, nagar panchayat on Sunday.Political observers say the failure of most of the political parties to announce candidates for the post of mayor is the main reason behind the poor turnout of candidates. The number of candidates contesting mayoral election as Independents is also less.Meanwhile, the Congress party on Saturday evening announced the names of 80 candidates for the post of corporators from 80 wards of the city.Wards which have been reserved for women , the party has fielded wives of some sitting corporators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13789774", "title": "Nigerian man held for drug peddling", "text": "GURGAON: The Criminal Investigating Agency ( CIA) has arrested another Nigerian, this time from Delhi, for peddling drugs in the National Capital Region. Last month, a Nigerian and his accomplice from Bihar were caught with Rs 70 lakh worth of brown sugar in their possession.The Nigerian, who has been identified as Ike Chuwku Ob, was arrested from Nawada, Delhi, and used to speed-post drug packets to different countries of the world. He had come to India on a working visa and had been a resident of Nawada for the past one and half years. A number of fake driving licences and voter cards were also recovered from his place.During preliminary questioning, he disclosed another Nigerian's name to the police who used to provide him with drug packets.\"The other Nigerian is on the run but we hope to get more information from Ob. We will produce him in a city court on Monday and will ask for the extension of police remand,\" said a senior police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13787950", "title": "Codes of conduct stall civic work", "text": "NASHIK: Civic work has come to a standstill as the code of conduct has been enforced again for elections to the teachers' and graduates' constituency, immediately after the legislative council elections, and earlier for the civic polls.\"The code of conduct for elections to the legislative council ended on May 30. Two days after that, the code of conduct for the teachers' and graduates' constituency was imposed, with the elections being announced on June 2. With this, most civic work will be stalled till the first week of July,\" a Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) official said.A public works department engineer said that except for road work, all other work will have to be stopped. \"By the time the latest code of conduct ends, the monsoon will begin and the NMC cannot carry out any work till September,\" the engineer said.Deputy mayor Satish Kulkarni said, \"For nearly two months, there was a code of conduct, due to which practically no work was done by NMC officials.\"There are nine aspirants for the constituency elections on July 2. Nomination forms will be accepted from June 8 to 15, scrutiny will be on June 16, and withdrawals on June 18. Results will be announced on July 4.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13789618", "title": "Techie, mom held for dowry harassment in Hyderabad", "text": "A software employee and his mother were arrested by the Malkajgiri police in a dowry harassment case on Saturday. Police arrested Cognizant software consultant V Pradeep Nag, 26, and his mother Mary Victoria for allegedly harassing Deepthi Sri, a software engineer from Maruthi Nagar in Malkajgiri. Pradeep married Deepthi in August 2009. \"During the marriage my family gave Rs 10 lakh as dowry. However, my husband and his family kept on harassing me for additional dowry. Till May 2012, we gave them Rs 10 lakh more,\" Deepthi Sri said in her complaint to the police. Even after receiving that money, Pradeep and his parents tortured Deepthi to bring more money from her parents.Finally, she lodged a complaint with the police on Saturday. Based on her complaint, police booked a case against Pradeep and his parents under section 498 A of the Indian Penal Code (IPC). Pradeep and Victoria were produced in court and remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13792752", "title": "CPM top brass mulls action against V S Achuthanandan", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The two-day meeting of the CPM state secretariat on Tuesday and Wednesday will decide the fate of truant leader V S Achuthanandan. CPM general secretary Prakash Karat and PB member S Ramachandran Pillai will attend the meeting.Party sources said the secretariat meeting is likely to recommend strong disciplinary action against VS, who is also the opposition leader in the assembly. VS will be tried in the meeting for two counts - first, for equating state secretary Pinarayi Vijayan with Dange and levelling open criticism against his style functioning and second, for putting the party in deep trouble by paying a visit to the house of slain CPM rebel T P Chandrasekharan on the day of Neyyattinkara bypoll.It is learnt that the majority in the secretariat who are close to Vijayan wants suspension or demotion of VS from all elected positions. However, the central leadership and those having a neutral stand in the state want to settle the issue by initiating lighter actions. \"Had it been the criticism against the secretary only, there would have been a good chance of VS getting a lighter punishment. But, things went upside down with Saturday's visit to Onchiyam,\"said a senior CPM leader.While addressing a regional meeting of CPM functionaries in Thiruvananthapuram on Sunday, Vijayan said all of them have been implicated in a false case. \"They have been nabbed by the police team on a conspiracy charges and that too of a conspiracy happened two years ago. The Police haven't collected any evidence to link the party to the murder case till now,\" he reportedly told party functionaries from Thiruvananthapuram, Kollam and Pathanamthitta districts.The secretariat meeting will also look into the controversial speech made by CPM Idukki district secretary M M Mani. Vijayan indicated that there would be action against Mani. \"Mani's act has put the party in deep trouble. We will discuss it and take appropriate action,\" he was quoted by sources who attended the meeting.The secretariat meeting may also finalise disciplinary action against Mani and all indications are that he will be relived of the duty as the district secretary and likely to be demoted from the district committee.It is learnt that the majority in the secretariat who are close to Vijayan wants suspension or demotion of VS from all elected positions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13806869", "title": "Lakshmi Manchu wants Puneeth Rajkumar", "text": "Lakshmi Manchu couldn't stop singing praises of Sandalwood as she was rendering her words during the 60th birthday celebration of Ambareesh .The actress said that she is eager to work in Kannada movies. Especially, her long time wish is to work with Puneeth Rajkumar.The actress was recently seen in Ram Gopal Varma's Department and is currently working in Manirathnam's Kadal followed by Marandhen Manithen . Apart from these films, she has signed a new Telugu movie.Source: starview.in", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13794692", "title": "Applications invited", "text": "Applications are now open in India for the postgraduate academic Rhodes scholarships. The Rhodes Scholarships are postgraduate awards supporting outstanding, all-round students and enable them two to three years, depending on the academic route taken, of study at the University of Oxford. Applications are open to Indian citizens between the ages of 19 and 25 (as of October 1, 2013) who have received at least one first class degree from an Indian university . Students in their final year of college with exceptional academic backgrounds may also apply. Applications for this year's enrolment close on July 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13793111", "title": "Doctor hacks Facebook account, faces 5-year jail", "text": "JAIPUR: Twenty seven-year-old Vipin Kumar Chouhan, a doctor pursuing PhD in microbiology, is facing a sentence of five years imprisonment for a small act of fun that he tried out on his senior at SMS Hospital.Chouhan allegedly hacked the password of the Facbook ID used by his senior at SMS's microbiology department. He allegedly wrote a few obscene lines on his wall. Chouhan was arrested by Moti Doongri police under the IT Act on May 29. If he is proved guilty, he may be sentenced to imprisonment that can extend to five years and a fine of Rs one lakh.Like Chouhan, students in the city are taking to cyber crimes just for fun or carrying out small acts of revenge on their teachers, girlfriends and even colleges in which they study. The fact has come up during investigation into several such incidents recently.Morphing pictures and positing them on social networking sites to defame others have landed some in trouble recently.SHO, Moti Doongri Deepak Khandelwal, who investigated Chouhan's case with the help of cyber security experts told TOI that the consequences had never crossed Chouhan's mind.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "13788950", "title": "Group politics puts Sudarshan in a tight spot", "text": "GUNTUR: Minister P Sudarshan Reddy, who has been made the coordinator for Prathipadu segment following the arrest of Mopidevi Venkata Ramana, is feeling the Palnadu heat with no senior leader willing to involve him in the campaign. He tasted the spice of group politics in Guntur on the first day of his arrival when he was forced to search for accommodation on his own as local leaders ignored him.Sources said Sudarshan is treading cautiously to balance the groups headed by local MP Rayapati Sambasiva Rao and senior minister Kanna Lakshminarayana. \"We have two senior leaders here and their experience will definitely help the party candidate win the election,\" Sudarshan told TOI. He organised a coordination committee meeting three days back with the available leaders to chalk out the poll strategy against the YSR Congress.Soon, senior leaders disappeared from Guntur leaving Sudarshan to fend for himself. Putting up a brave front, he said \"It's not a big issue. When it comes to fighting with our rivals, we are all one and I hope all the leaders will fall in line in next couple of days.\" The Congress leadership had appointed Mopidevi as in-charge of the constituency to manage the finances of poll expenditure but he was arrested by the CBI in the Vanpic case. With only a week left for the campaign to end, analysts said Sudarshan has his hands full to galvanise the party ranks. Exuding confidence, Sudershan said that Vijayamma's campaign would not hamper their chances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13795467", "title": "Youth clear up litter on Curchorem hill", "text": "MARGAO: Scores of youth from Curchorem and surrounding areas, rallying under the banner of 'Yuva Sena' an organization for the youth, participated in a cleanliness drive at Marutigad, Curchorem, recently.During the day-long drive, the volunteers collected plastic and other waste lying around the temple premises atop the hillock, which was later disposed off by the Curchorem Cacora municipal council (CCMC).\"Fired with the zeal to maintain cleanliness in the picturesque landmark location, the youth climbed up the slopes and collected the waste, which largely comprised plastic bottles, agarbatti (incense sticks) packets, garlands etc. which were scattered on the slopes. Besides, members of the Yuva Sena, the public also participated in the drive,\"Amar Naik, president of Yuva Sena informed TOI.Naik has now urged the CCMC to provide adequate number of dustbins at the temple premises in view of the large number of devotees frequenting the temple.\"As there is no provision of dustbins at the temple premises, the devotees have no proper place to throw the waste and hence the litter is found scattered around the temple and the surroundings. With monsoons fast approaching, there is the threat of diseases or an epidemic spreading in the locality. We have requested the chief officer of the CCMC to make provisions for dust bins and timely collection of garbage at this place,\" Naik added.The health officer of the primary health centre, Curchorem, Ganpati Kakodkar, while lauding the efforts of the Yuva Sena in undertaking the cleanliness drive, also urged the organization to join hands with the health services in similar such campaigns in the future.CCMC chief officer Agnelo Fernandes assured to offer \"full support\" of the civic body in the disposal of waste collected by volunteer organizations during such cleanliness campaigns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13807453", "title": "Veendum Kannur", "text": "CreditsFilm : Veendum KannurCast : Anoop Menon, Kadhal Sandhya, Rajeev Pillai, Sivaji Guruvayur Direction : HaridasBanner : Golden Wings InternationalReleasing Date : June 1, 2012Synopsis : Jaya Krishnan (Anoop Menon), who is working with the Taj Mahal archaeological department in Agra as a guide, has a different view on new age politics as compared to his father Maadai Surendran (Sivaji Guruvayur), who is a leader of the left front. JK meets Radhika (Kaadhal Sandhya), who is a researcher at the archaeological department. Gradually, they fell in love and JK's life takes a U turn.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13794924", "title": "Helping people to help themselves", "text": "One of the most frightening thoughts when you are just about to finish undergrad is what do I do next? Where's my next comfort zone? I knew I wanted to do something creative and close to my heart, related to communication and 'media.' I had two big ideas - having a children's channel of my own or making meaningful documentaries or programmes for social change. Therefore, a college with a Master's programme in mass communications/media studies/advertising or any similar course seemed the obvious next option. I took a series of entrance exams that summer. I thought they'd be a breeze, and I'd get through anywhere I wanted. Wrong. The important lesson I learnt here is, it helps to be aware, and develop informed opinions through the year.Left with no address, I was panic stricken. I decided to work. Speaking to people working in the field of media, made me realise there were many aspects of it, and I had to choose something specific. It was also the time just after recession, and most companies weren't hiring.It was around that time I learnt of a non-profit social marketing organisation called Janani (Bihar, Jharkhand, MP, UP), an affiliate of DKT international.The work seemed interesting, and they had a very active communications department, so I thought an internship there might be enjoyable. And then there was no looking back. Two months into my internship, I was absorbed, as a communications manager. Janani provided me a range of experiences and opportunities and taught me vital skills like time management, planning, detailing and crisis management. It gave me mentors in the form of my bosses who guided me through the process and allowed me the space to learn, grow, explore, think creatively and differently on sensitive issues, especially family planning and contraceptives, Janani's focus area. I got a chance to organise and monitor awareness stalls at gender fairs, local fairs, nukkad nataks, van promotions, advertisement film shoots, a radio programme, listener groups, etc. I even got a chance to attend a workshop on film-making and video blogging organised by WAVE in Goa. Janani was everything that I had always wanted, all put into one package. I had found my interest area - public health and behaviour change communication.After two years of working, I decided to do a Master's course to learn more about the field of social work, as I didn't have a formal training in the field. Also encouraged by my bosses, I applied to three Master's in Social Work programmes, two of which I got through. I chose the Department of Social Work, Delhi University, because of its reputation and because I graduated from DU as well. I was granted a sabbatical from Janani, and even offered a scholarship for my study.So what's doing an MA in Social Work from DSW like? Interesting . What fascinated me was the sheer diversity of my class - we have graduates in computer science, physics, law, sociology, English, etc, people from the corporate world, and even a professional cook and dancer.The course itself helps to dispel many of the myths about social work. You learn of the meaning , types, methods, tools, principles , motivations, etc. Basically understanding people, why they do what they do, why they seek help, and in the end, helping people to help themselves. You discover this through theory classes as well as field work. Field work is exciting, and can be quite an eye-opener to the actual India story. Writing detailed reports on the work done can be taxing. But like we've learnt, it's important.What you get, is an exposure to social work, with all its dimensions and a chance to learn on the job, explore what you enjoy doing most, and then find your niche. For those more focused on the prize, there are plenty of interesting placement opportunities. How is it helping me? The additional theoretical knowledge based on experience makes working a lot easier, faster and more efficient.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13788980", "title": "Delhi\u2019s water woes: Sheila Dikshit to meet Bhupinder Singh Hooda on June 9", "text": "NEW DELHI: There seems to be no immediate solution to Delhi's water problems with chief minister Sheila Dikshit slated to meet her Haryana counterpart only on June 9.However, having already tried to put pressure on Haryana through every possible means including the Upper Yamuna River Board, a government official said they were highly sceptical about the outcome of the meeting scheduled for Saturday.Dikshit said: \"We have scheduled a meeting on June 9 and meanwhile, I have asked Delhi Jal Board to check why Haryana is diverting our water to the Najafgarh canal. These are obviously pressure tactics from Haryana government. I will also raise the Munak canal issue with the Haryana CM in the meeting.\"She added that she had been highly disappointed with Haryana's stand on the Munak issue, especially as they had suggested that Delhi pay for the canal that would result in huge savings in water.\"Haryana itself suggested that the Munak canal be made so that Delhi could benefit from the water saved through the new channel. Now that everything is in place and the money has been paid, they are going back on their word,\" she said.Haryana curtailed Delhi's supply five days earlier, which affected production in the Wazirabad and Haiderpur water treatment plants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13788585", "title": "Needed: A regulatory body for laboratory technicians", "text": "NAGPUR: One would expect those handling sophisticated equipment, especially those which can cause life-threatening diseases if not used properly, to be operated by people properly trained to use them. But, not many of the technicians working in the various hospitals of the state are well-versed with such technicalities. The absence of a regulatory body to oversee their working, lack of courses designed for the technicians and less number of skilled manpower are the reasons why the state is still behind many others in terms of good lab technicians, believe these technicians.These were among the many issues discussed among the radiographers from across the state as they met during their annual conference. Members of the Radiographers Association of Maharashtra also took the opportunity to upgrade their knowledge and skills during the conference. President of Maharashtra Medical Council Dr Kishor Taori, president of Vidarbha Indian Radiological and Imaging Association (IRIA) Dr Kajal Mitra, president of the city chapter of Indian Medical Association (IMA) Dr Harish Chandak and well-known radiologist Dr Avinash Dhok were also present.\"The machines that we handle have radiations, one extra dose of which can cause hereditary changes and even cancer. Still, there are no strictures regarding the qualifications or training of people handling them,\" said Trilokinath Mishra, president of Society of Indian Radiographers and an X-ray technician from Mumbai. \"The need for such training has increased with the emergence of computers as an imaging tool,\" he added.\"Technicians share the responsibility of an error-free diagnosis and the safety of patients as well as their own selves. In the absence of enough qualified people, many hospitals end up employing HSC passed students who have done either science or vocational course in X-ray technology,\" said Prakash Gadhe, general secretary of city chapter of Radiographers' Association of Maharashtra.Another problem is that those who wish to study these courses need the person pursuing them to appear for premedical test. \"If somebody manages to clear PMT, why would he choose to be a technician? The newly introduced Bachelor of Paramedical Technology (BPMT) is a good initiative by the state, \" said Suraj Jaiswar, a CT scan technician from the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13814391", "title": "Sir Elton John vows not to spoil son Zachary", "text": "Even though Sir Elton John is known for his extravagant lifestyle, he has vowed not to spoil his young son by lavishing gifts on him.The singer has revealed that while he and partner David Furnish plan not to spoil Zachary silly with numerous gifts, he worries that he will be spoilt by fans, who send an \"obscene\" amount of presents.The toddler has reportedly already received nine pushchairs and many other gifts, which John has given to charity.\"At Christmas we bought him a swing for the garden and a little slide and this was his Christmas present and his birthday present from us. He had so many presents from other people throughout the world, which is touching, but we actually found it obscene,\" the Dail Express quoted him as saying.\"I said: 'This is shocking. Four hours we've been opening presents. It is crazy',\" he said.Zachary Jackson Levon Furnish-John was born on Christmas Day in 2010 to a surrogate mother.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13790404", "title": "Cops probe touts-railway staff nexus", "text": "NOIDA: Three days after arresting seven touts for allegedly making bulk booking of railway tickets, the Uttar Pradesh police has begun probing a nexus between touts and railway staff at the ticket reservation centre in Sector 33 in Noida.The action comes after Gautam Budh Nagar SSP Praveen Kumar wrote to the railways demanding stringent steps to check such practices. About 25 tickets, cash amounting to nearly Rs 20,000 and reservation forms were seized from the touts during the second crackdown on the centre in the last fortnight.Police said they had received several complaints relating to booking irregularities at the counter. Two people were arrested during an earlier raid.Thursday's raid was conducted when the booking staff were issuing tatkal tickets. \"We have collected the requisition forms from the counter to check these,\" said an official from Sector 24 police station.Cops have got to know about railway staff having links with the touts. \"We are scrutinizing their call details and keeping a vigil on them,\" said Yogesh Singh, SP (city), Noida.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13792248", "title": "Human trafficking: Court evidence against Punjabi singer", "text": "NEW DELHI: Finding prima facie evidence against an IFS officer and a Punjabi singer, a Delhi court has ordered framing of charges against them for their alleged involvement in trafficking of nine persons to Germany in 2005.\"Material collected and placed on record by investigating agency to my mind is sufficient to proceed further against the accused persons,\" special CBI judge Kanwaljeet Arora said.The court has now fixed the case for hearing on June 8 when formally charges for the offences of cheating, criminal conspiracy and corruption would be framed against Rakesh Kumar, former director-general of the Indian Council for Cultural Relations (ICCR), and Punjabi singer Balwinder Kaur.Besides the duo, the court has also found prima facie evidence against Shiv Kumar Sharma, the then employee of Punjab Agricultural University and Gurbej Singh, a constable with Punjab Armed Police.It was alleged that the IFS officer facilitated empanelling of a bogus cultural group 'Mehak Punjab Di' and illegally trafficked nine persons to Berlin by misusing his position. The officer had directed to send a team of 15, comprising inexperienced and untrained Punjabi folk dancers, to Germany on government sponsorship before his transfer from ICCR, the charge sheet said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13809611", "title": "Sunidhi Chauhan rocks Kuwait", "text": "The first of its kind Bollywood programme \"Sunidhi Chauhan Live in Concert\" swayed the audience in Kuwait. The concert was held on May 25, 2012 at the Mishref Fairgrounds. Sunidhi Chauhan, along with \"Indian Idol\" fame Rakesh Mani and anchor and mimicry artist Ravi Raj, rocked the stage.The concert, plugged as the 'Biggest Asian Show of the Year in Kuwait', was organized by Creative Indians Association and Raja Company WLL. The programme started with group dances by The Dancing Divas, Ground Zero and Fusion Dance Academy, which enthralled the audience.The main event was started off by anchor and mimicry artist Ravi Raj. Indian Idol 5 finalist Rakesh Maini enthralled the audience with his magical voice. The most-awaiting moment was when Sunidhi Chauhan entered with the super hit song \"Crazy Kiya Re\". Clad in a black velvet outfit and sheer shimmering cap, she made crowed go crazy with that song. She sang songs like \"Pelhi Baar Mohabbat Ki Hai\", \"Marjani\", \"Dance Pe Chance\", \"Deedar De\", \"Mahiya\", \"Beedi Jalaile\" and many other hit songs. The crowd was electrified by her performance. The hall was packed till the end of the show.Ravi Raj entertained the audience between performances with some really hilarious comedy and mimicry. Ravi Raj's mimicry of different Bollywood actors was simply superb.It was an evening that will be remembered and cherished forever by Bollywood fans living in Kuwait.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13792757", "title": "In CBSE Pre-Medical Test Kannauj lad bags 19th rank", "text": "KANPUR: The CBSE Pre-Medical Test (AIPMT) catapulted Satendra Verma to an all-India ranking of 19 (5th OBC rank). Another student had been placed in top 50th rank.The results of the main AIPMT examination was declared on Saturday and sprang happiness for nearly 200 aspirants, who bagged good ranks in the region.Satendra, a resident of Kannauj, prepared for AIPMT in Kanpur since the last one year. He is the son of a farmer in Tivra village.\"I was expecting that I will pass this year but being in the top 20 was certainly not in my mind,\" he said. He added that he would like to pursue his MBBS from Maulana Azad Medical College, New Delhi. Satendra passed class X with 72% marks while managed 82% in intermediate.Palash, who managed 31st all-India rank, is now dreaming himself dressed up in a white apron. He said that he used to study around ten hours daily apart from four hours at the coaching institute. This bright son of a doctor did his intermediate from Shree Ram Public School this year and cracked AIPMT in the first attempt.Other successful students are Neha Rai (with general 326th rank) and Shaima Parveen, with a general rank of 590.Top 20 rankers would get admission in the prestigious Maulana Azad Medical College, New Delhi. The next most preferred college is Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj Medical University in Lucknow. The online counselling for AIPMT admissions will start from June 11.Fake marksheet gang busted: The Govind Nagar police on Sunday busted a gang of cheats who were involved in preparing fake marksheets and recovered fake stamps from their possession. Several class X, XII and university marksheets were recovered from the possession of the accused Umesh Dwivedi, who is a resident of Barra.Circle Officer, Govind Nagar, Ajay Kumar Shahni said that Umesh Dwivedi was involved in this crime for past some years and had been preparing fake marksheets for students who used to fail in the exams. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13792780", "title": "Government shifts Mathura's district magistrate, police chief", "text": "LUCKNOW: Uttar Pradesh government on Sunday transferred Mathura's district magistrate Sanjay Kumar and superintendent of police Dharamveer for their failure to stop the Friday afternoon group clashes in Kosi Kalan area, which eventually assumed the dimensions of a communal violence and claimed four lives.The government has also announced compensation of Rs 5 lakh to the kin of the deceased and Rs 50,000 to those injured in the violence.Meanwhile, the NSA was slapped on the rioters, even as no untoward incident was reported on Sunday.Meanwhile, Mathura remained tense but peaceful on Sunday. Locals bought items of daily use and food during the curfew-relaxation period.Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav during the first law and order review meeting held in Lucknow had it made clear that in case of communal flare-up, the district's administrative and police chief will be held directly responsible for the situation. In case of Mathura, the government is said to be particularly unhappy over the failure of the district administration to respond to the crisis in time.Sources in the state home department said DM Mathura Sanjay Kumar has been replaced by Alok Tewari, while NR Padmaja has been appointed as the new SP of Mathura. The outgoing SP Mathura has been attached to the director general of police (DGP) headquarters. Though the transfer orders for the SP Mathura had been issued late on Sunday evening, the process for the transfer of the DM is underway.Curfew was clamped in Kosi Kalan and adjoining areas in Mathura on Friday after a clash between two groups turned into a communal clash. Scores of shops, roadside stalls and houses were torched by rioters in different localities across Mathura resulting in the death of at least four persons. More than 50 persons were injured. Local residents claim that at least two dozen persons are missing since violence broke out on Friday. Mathura police however denied having received any written complaints regarding the missing persons.In a separate development, the state government transferred the district police chief of Budaun Rajiv Ratan Srivastava on Sunday night replacing him with Manjil Saini. This transfer came in connection with the incident of a minor being raped by a civilian inside the Lalpul police outpost in Budaun earlier last week. The entire staff of the police outpost was suspended immediately after the incident came to the knowledge of the state authorities. The inspector in-charge of the police station was also suspended while three constables present at the outpost at the time of the alleged rape were arrested and sent to jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "13792492", "title": "Dean of Maharaja Sayajirao University's Faculty of Arts resigns", "text": "VADODARA: Dean of Maharaja Sayajirao University's Faculty of Arts professor Nitin Vyas has resigned.Sources suggest that Vyas submitted his resignation to MSU vice-chancellor professor Yogesh Singh following an altercation with a non-teaching staff member of the faculty who allegedly misbehaved with him.According to sources, Vyas was upset that Bhagubhai Parmar, a non-teaching staff member, who is also president of MSU Employees Mazdoor Sabha, allegedly misbehaved with him.After Vyas submitted a written complaint regarding this, Singh issued orders transferring Parmar from Faculty of Arts to Faculty of Social Work.Sources suggest that it was before a week that Parmar entered into heated arguments with Vyas over a dispute regarding assigning class four employees duties during examination of a private bank held at the faculty.Parmar allegedly abused the dean for not giving him proper treatment. He was earlier working with the Department of Archaeology and Ancient History of the Faculty of Arts on a technical post. But, later he was shifted to the main office of the Faculty of Arts as a class four employee.Vyas, who is presently on leave told TOI that even as he understands that there are challenges while handling an administrative post there are certain things that cannot be tolerated.Parmar on the other hand insists that he has never used any abusive language. \"I had simply argued that I should be given examination duties which I was being denied,\" he said.It is pertinent to mention here that it is not for the first time that Vyas has tendered his resignation. Earlier, during the tenure of MSU's former vice-chancellor professor Ramesh Goyal, he had submitted resignation on health grounds. Vyas, whose one term as dean of the faculty, had ended in December 2011, was given an extension in February this year. He will be attaining superannuation in January 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13792529", "title": "Mantralaya bridge claims four lives", "text": "HUBLI: The temporary bridge built across Tungabhadra river near Mantralaya claimed four lives on Saturday evening near Tungabhadra village.Search operations are on and police and expert swimmers have been able to fish out two bodies so far. The bodies were found in the river in Raichur district. The victims are Yallamma, 30, her son Manohar, 11, Srinivas, 45, and his son Udaykumar, 18, hailing from Raichur town, said Yaragera CPI Y S Egangoudar. They were headed to Mantralaya to visit Sri Guru Raghavendra temple. Till Sunday evening bodies of Yallamma and Srinivas were found. About 12 expert swimmers, four police staff and Tungabhadra villagers are striving to search for the remaining two bodies. When they were walking on the bridge, Yallamma's son Manohar slipped into the river. Yallamma rushed to save her son and she too drowned. Srinivas and his son Udaykumar, who were also walking on the bridge rushed to help Yallamma and they too met with a watery grave. The victims were compelled to use the temporary bridge as the main bridge to Mantralaya, which connects from Tungabhadra village of Raichur and Madavaran village in Andhra Pradesh collapsed in 2009 due to floods and has not been reconstructed till now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13793324", "title": "Water crisis trouble housing societies", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Residents of housing societies, particularly those in southern sectors of the city, are facing a lot of problems due to water shortage. While residents living on ground floors get low water pressure, those on first floor and above have their taps parched. And due to the shortage, not only has the water supply of afternoon hours been disturbed, but morning and evening hours too have been affected. Fed up of complaining with the municipal corporation, residents of housing societies are meeting their water needs on their own by filling buckets from the ground floor.J L Sharma, president of New Light Co-op Housing Society in Sector 51, said, \"Due to poor water supply we have to arrange water tankers to fill the common tank of the housing society. Residents of different floors fill water in their buckets from the common tank as the water pressure is not enough to reach the upper floors.\"Another resident and chairman of Chandigarh Housing Federation, J P Arya said, \"These days there is acute shortage of water. We store it in the housing common tank and later supply it to different floors through motors. Despite this, we get low water pressure.\"\"Our society has a storage tank of 50,000 litres and booster pumps, but the shortage is so acute that we need to call water tankers from outside to fulfill our water requirements,\" said Tejinder Singh of Industrialist Society in Sector 51 D.Abhimanyu Sharma of Sector 44 A, said, \"My mother faces a lot of inconvenience while storing water for daily consumption. Moreover, to make things worse, there is no fixed timing for water supply in our homes but surprisingly the fountains at public parks start functioning from 8pm!\"\"Water supply in our society very erratic. I live on third floor and use motor to boost the water supply to our floor, but motor is no solution as it's an expensive proposition and besides the water pressure is extremely low,\" said Manorma Singh of a society in Sector 48 A.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13808819", "title": "Sonia Gandhi sees conspiracy in attacks against PM, hints at Team Anna", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress supremo Sonia Gandhi on Monday strongly defended Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and the UPA government, slamming the opposition for \"baseless\" allegations.At the Congress Working Committee (CWC) meeting on Monday morning where the government is expected to face the fire for price rise and dwindling economy, Sonia opened the session by throwing her lot behind the PM, Centre and the Congress party.She said there were economic hardships concerning the common man but entire world was passing through a tough phase and India too has to face the challenge.The Congress chief also trained her guns at the rivals, saying the implementation of a lot of policies was done by states but non-Congress governments were not cooperating as was expected in a democracy.She castigated party men for infighting. She said if a fraction of this energy was spent on strengthening the Congress, it would double the party's political muscle. She pointed to the coming assembly and Lok Sabha polls to urge party men to work in a united manner.\"People will behave with the party in the same manner as its image would emerge in their mind based on the opinion they form about us,\" she said, adding that when a political evaluation takes place, it is always based on the organisation and not an individual.\"This is a test for us as a Congress worker. Not to understand this will be a big mistake. It is a matter of caution, warning and challenge for all,\" Gandhi said.The Congress president said she was confident that party men could take on any challenge, \"provided we do not demoralise them in their politics.\"She said the Congress has created history in the last 126 years due to the inner strength of the party workers. \"If we step ahead by realising this potential as our asset, then we can achieve any objective. We will get the support of people. We have to win,\" she said.The Congress president, in a scathing attack on the opposition and civil society for levelling \"baseless\" allegations against the Prime Minister and the party, said it was part of a conspiracy and told party men to fight back, PTI reported.\"In a democracy, it is the job of the opposition to oppose but the manner in which opposition and some anti- Congress elements are, as part of a conspiracy, levelling baseless allegations against the Prime Minister, the UPA government, the party and some of our colleagues, is a matter of regret,\" she said.\"We will have to fight fiercely against such allegations at the party and the government levels,\" Sonia Gandhi said with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh by her side.Without referring to the petrol price hike, she said there have been economic challenges too that are impacting the common man. \"The whole world was passing through a difficult phase and we have to face it and we are facing it\".She said the report to the people brought out on the third anniversary on the UPA government was a \"document of success inspite of the difficulties.\"Without directly referring to any particular issue, she utilized the occasion to criticize non-Congress governments in the states alleging that they are not cooperating as is expected in a democracy in implementing the policies made by the Centre.Gandhi said that the party has to be strengthened at all levels ahead of a series of state elections as also the Lok Sabha polls in 2014.\"And for this, the most important thing is that we all work unitedly,\" she said.While Gandhi did not take the name of civil society, the reference to \"some anti-Congress elements\" was obviously aimed at it.The CWC deliberations took place a day after Anna Hazare and yoga guru Ramdev sat on a day-long fast protesting against corruption and attacking the government and threatening a fight to the finish by August on the black money issue.It is the first formal meeting of the CWC after the party debacle in Uttar Pradesh as well its poor show in Punjab and loss of power in Goa.There is no fixed agenda set for the CWC meeting, which is an extended affair as PCC presidents and CLP leaders including party chief ministers have been invited for the deliberations.The opening address may have set the tone for a mild rebuke to government as against the anticipated strong criticism. The complete ignoring of fuel price hike and inflation by party chief may also discourage CWC members from any strong attack on the Centre.(With inputs from PTI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13790849", "title": "Tamil Nadu SSLC results by noon today", "text": "CHENNAI: The directorate of government examinations will release the Class 10 board exam results at 1.30pm on Monday. Around 11.5 lakh students had registered for the exam this year.This is the first year that students of four boards - Matriculation, Anglo-Indian, Oriental and state board -wrote the exam based on the common school syllabus. This was also the first time that students in the state board schools attempted science practical exams.The results, which are usually out by the end of May, are delayed this year because the exams were postponed from March end to the first week of April. The state decided to delay the exams as students got their textbooks only two months after schools reopened, thanks to the court battle over common syllabus.The state has decided to incorporate security features such as the photograph of the candidate and a unique quick response code, to prevent forgery, in the certificate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13796651", "title": "Police keep tabs on bus stops, but women feel unsafe", "text": "When M T Radhika was waiting for a bus on Dr Radhakrishnan Salai, several men approached her and asked for sexual favours. \"I was embarrassed. When I checked with my friends, they told me that many women solicit customers at bus stops. I quit my job because of this incident a year ago. I now work as a salesperson at a jewellery shop in T Nagar and my husband picks me up from my workplace in the evening,\" Radhika said.Moving around in Chennai at night is not easy as the number of buses that ply dwindle and autorickshaw drivers demand a hefty sum to take you home. The profile of women in the city has undergone a drastic change with many working late. With more women commuting late at night, the issue of safety at bus shelters has come to the fore.It is a myth that only women in lonely areas are targeted. In crowded areas like Elliots and Marina beaches, Anna Square, Korukkupet, parts of north and south Chennai, women are prone to sexual harassment. Major transit centres like Broadway and Koyambedu are plagued by thieves, while eve-teasing is common near schools and college bus stops.Police commissioner J K Tripathy said very few incidents take place at bus stops as many personnel are posted at large places where people gather. \"Though one or two incidents are reported once in a while, we have asked policemen to keep a tab on commuters waiting at the bus terminals,\" Tripathy said.\"We often post many policewomen in plain clothes, especially near schools and colleges, to nab eve-teasers. We take action on the basis of complaints we receive. We have put up a complaint box at major bus terminals and published the mobile and landline numbers of the Police officers of the jurisdiction. As soon as the commuters see a perpetrator, they can send an SMS to the police,\" he said, adding that police have also formed special anti-vice squad teams in every zone led by deputy commissioners of police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13791443", "title": "Sagging economy takes a toll on highway construction", "text": "NEW DELHI: Poor economic conditions and volatile markets are now taking a toll on the highway sector, which had so far been an outlier in an economy where activity had slowed down considerably over the last couple of years.Industry players say with access to equity drying up, developers are finding it tough to tap into loans from financial institutions (FIs) for construction work. Even officials at the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) acknowledged that the \"stress in the market\" was tough to ignore.Even bids for highway contracts seem to have been impacted. Gone are the days when several bidders would queue up and shell out premium. Recently, NHAI received a single bid for Talcher-Duburi-Chandikhol in Orissa and there was no bidder for Madurai-Ramanathapuram stretch in Tamil Nadu.\"We can sense that developers have exhausted their equity and FIs are being extra cautious while funding a project. Earlier, banks would provide loan for an amount which is more than the total project cost (TPC) but now it is tough,\" said a senior NHAI official.Although some of the large projects, backed by large developers, have tied up funds, several others are languishing. In 2011-12, NHAI signed 31 concession agreements with developers and of these, 13 have achieved financial closure. In another 13 cases, the funding terms are still being negotiated although the deadline is not yet over. But five projects are either delayed or are caught in problems.The projects include Barwa Adda-Panagarh in Bengal, Jabalpur-Lakhnadon and Jabalpur-Katni-Rewa in Madhya Pradesh, Kota-Jhalawar in Rajasthan and Rimuli-Roxy-Rajamudra in Odisha.NHAI gives 180 days to developers from the date of signing of concession agreement. Within that period, the developers have to submit 1% of the project cost as performance security amount. In case they need extension, NHAI can allow 120 more days and imposes a penalty for this.Senior officials said that while in four of the above mentioned cases NHAI has extended the period for financial closure, in Barwa Adda-Panagarh project, NHAI has encashed the bid security amount since the developer could not submit the performance amount within 180 days.Since 2009, NHAI has signed 147 concession agreements for highway projects on build-operate-transfer mode and eight, including the above mentioned five, have not achieved financial closure within the deadline. Three projects are stuck in Kerala for want of land.\"Last year was a golden year for us. You can't expect windfall every year. Private developers were waiting for big projects which were in the pipeline for long. So, there was aggressive bidding,\" said a government source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13788552", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation keeping people out of Town Hall", "text": "NAGPUR: Transparency is key to a functioning democracy. Apparently, Nagpur Municipal Corporation does not believe so. It has assiduously kept the citizens away from proceedings of its general body, which is the supreme policy making body. In doing so it is also violating the provisions of City of Nagpur Corporation (CNC) Act.NMC has kept the Town Hall's viewers' gallery closed for public for years. However, the office bearers are interested in taking a positive step in this regard. Law making bodies like Parliament, state legislatures and civic houses are supposed to be open to citizens. Many citizens might be interested in watching the proceedings themselves. Besides, students of political science or mass communication will also benefit from the experience as it is part of their syllabus. During winter session of State Legislature, students in huge numbers come to watch the proceedings of the house. The budding politicians and aspiring corporators may also gain knowledge of the house functioning.The Town Hall situated in Mahal was renovated and inaugurated on April 30, 2002. It had a viewers' gallery for around 120-150 persons with a separate entrance. It is constructed in a such a manner that visitors cannot step into house from there. Unfortunately, it was never opened for the public since renovation. Today, like numerous files in NMC, it is just gathering dust.During the meeting of general body, a large number of activists and citizens come to Town Hall with their issues. They have to either stand on the road in front of the Town Hall or occupy the garden located in the premises. Besides, political leaders and husbands of woman corporators also come to Town Hall. Opening of gallery would benefit many such visitors.A senior NMC official told TOI that the NMC had stopped allowing visitors following some people disturbing the proceedings. \"There were a few incidents of visitors shouting from the gallery and also throwing papers. Besides, no one came seeking permission to watch the proceedings,\" he said.Mayor Anil Sole was agreeable to the idea of opening the gallery for citizens. \"I am member of the house since 1992 but never saw citizens watching the proceedings. There might be some reason for restriction. I will seek details and take necessary steps,\" he said. Leader of ruling party Praveen Datke also said the idea to open the house for public was good. \"There should be a policy in this regard. The students may be invited to watch the proceedings of the house. I will look into the matter,\" he said.Leader of opposition group Vikas Thakre said that the citizens should know what is happening in the house. \"Visitors are allowed in Parliament and state legislature. So the gallery should be opened for public. The proceedings of the house could be shown live on local TV channels,\" he said. Seniormost corporator Raju Lokhande, in his fifth term, also does not remember when last time citizens came to watch house proceedings. He said he was for opening the gallery for the public, especially students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13792561", "title": "Cops detain lawyer in his residence", "text": "LUCKNOW: Senior lawyer of Lucknow bench Ashok Pande was taken into custody by the Gomtinagar police on Sunday after Gujarat High Court issued a non-bailable warrant against him. Pande had filed aPIL before the Gujarat High Court contending that Gujarat Governor Kamla Beniwal must be recalled, as her appointment was unconstitutional. The HC had dismissed the petition and slapped a fine of Rs 25,000 on the petitioner for filing a litigation devoid of merit. Pande had reportedly failed to pay the fine within the stipulated time frame, failing which a non bailable warrant was issued against him. The high court also initiated proceedings for attachment of Pande's property to realise this fine due on him.Police on Sunday visited the Viram Khand residence of Pande to serve the notice for attachment of property as issued by the Gujarat High Court and detained him under the non bailable warrant issued by the Gujarat High Court. The police have also informed their Gujarat counterparts about the detention.The Gujarat police team is likely to reach Lucknow by Monday morning following which Pande is likely to be produced before a magistrate for a transit remand, so that he may be taken to Gujarat for further action.Pande then moved a special leave petition against the Gujarat High Court order in the Supreme Court, which was also dismissed by a bench comprising Justice HL Dattu and Justice Anil R Dave on March 23, 2012. The bench took strong exception to the PIL and termed it as \"frivolous, misleading and ill-advised\".The bench had warned Pande that the petition was \"frivolous\" one and that it would impose heavy cost, if the petitioner went ahead with the arguments, as it amount to wasting some precious time of the court.In its final order the bench directed Pande to deposit the fine of Rs 1 lakh with the Gujarat Legal Services Authority within a week, failing which recovery process would be initiated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13812888", "title": "Vasanthabalan criticizes censor policies", "text": "Noted director Vasanthabalan took exception to the Tamil Nadu censor board's insistence that filmmakers include statutory warnings on screen every time a character is shown smoking or drinking in the film. The director, who is known for his acclaimed films Veyyil and Angaadi Theru, opened up on this issue during the trailer launch of P V Prasad's Eppadi Manasukkul Vandhaai.\"We are already carrying a statutory warning before the title credits and I feel that is sufficient. It is only in our state that the censor board is insisting that we include statutory warnings on screen every time we show one of our characters smoking or drinking on screen and it isn't really necessary, the director said. Vasanthabalan also criticized the Tamil Nadu government's decision to have a second committee to review 'U' certified films, which are currently exempted from entertainment tax in the state. I request the Producers' Council to request the government to do away with this system as it is totally redundant,\" the director added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13793177", "title": "Roundabouts turn into death traps", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Roundabouts, which are the landmarks of the city, are gradually becoming killer stretches in Chandigarh. In a recent survey, the Chandigarh police has found that many fatal accidents occurred at these roundabouts as motorists were not aware about traffic norms regarding the first right to overtake another vehicle.In a bid to tackle this problem, police have decided to put placards or banners on these roundabouts, giving information to motorists about the first right to cross another vehicle, negotiating a turn besides other rules.\"The idea is to disseminate information about traffic rules. We have observed that many people are not aware about the rule that the vehicle moving on the right side has the first right to overtake, while crossing a chowk and this has resulted in accidents,\" said Maneesh Chaudhary, superintendent of Chandigarh police (traffic).Roundabouts often witness traffic jams.The situation is more problematic on Madhya Marg on the sectors 26, 7, 8, 9 and 10 stretch.\"We are struggling to ease congestion on roundabouts on Madhya Marg. During our different road safety surveys, we have found that heavy traffic leads to confusion among motorists, resulting in accidents,\" said a senior traffic police department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13794232", "title": "Reddy bribe trail brings CBI team to jail", "text": "The CBI probe against an Andhra Pradesh judge who allegedly took bribe to grant bail to former tourism minister G Janardhana Reddy has reached Bangalore's Parappana Agrahara Central Prison, where the jailed mining baron is currently housed. A posse of CBI officers paid a surprise visit to the jail on Sunday morning and thoroughly checked the names, timing and other details of those who had visited Reddy during his stay in jail.\"They also collected CCTV footage on visitors. They questioned few a jail officials for over two hours,\" prison sources said.Though reports spoke of the STD booth in the jail being checked for call records by Reddy , the sources said the former minister had more than one mobile set and there was no need for him to use the prison phone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13806298", "title": "Sachin Tendulkar dodges media at Shukla's house", "text": "NEW DELHI: Around eight in the morning when the outdoor-broadcasting vans and TV journalists were gathering in front of the IPL chairman and Minister of State for Parliamentary Affairs Rajiv Shukla's house, the curious onlookers knew that something big is happening.It is the day for Sachin Tendulkar, as the star cricketer took oath as the Rajya Sabha member in the Parliament.It was nearly two hours wait when Tendulkar arrived and chose to enter Shukla's house from the exit gate, which took the entire media contingent by surprise - who had gathered in front of the main gate to take visuals. He was accompanied by his wife Anjali.\"Tendulkar didn't want to interact with the media just before taking oath and that is why the main entrance was not used,\" a source close to the cricketer said.However, Tendulkar couldn't dodge the media in the Parliament complex. This time, he had to face the TV camera.\"Thank you,\" is all that he said before entering Parliament. Tendulkar is now the first active sportsman in India to be a member of the Parliament.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13792842", "title": "Police suspect foul-play in the death of 60-year-old man", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The police now suspect foul play in the death of the sixty-year-old man. The body of Rajan was found under a heap of metal at Sreekanteswaram on Friday. The lorry drivers, who deposited the load of metal in the area have told the police that they did their work during night and it was impossible for them to see if anyone was sleeping on the roadside due to the poor lighting in the area.However, the local residents have given contradictory statements. \"The contradiction in the statements has forced us to suspect foul play. We suspect that the lorry workers were aware of the accident and they intentionally hid the information. The ambiguity can be cleared only by finding out the exact time when the lorries brought the load here,\" said S Y Suresh circle inspector, Fort area. The police will examine the log book at the crusher unit from where the metal was taken to find out the exact time of operations, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13794032", "title": "Chain snatched from Madurai police inspector's wife", "text": "MADURAI: A woman was relieved of her 10.5 sovereigns gold chain by two youth who were travelling in a motorcycle here. Visuvasamani (38), wife of Philip Kennedy, was returning to her house in K K Nagar in a two-wheeler. Two youth in a motorcycle followed her and as she slowed down on a road leading to her house, one of the youths sitting in the pillion quickly snatched her chain and the duo fled from the spot. Though she tried to chase them in her two-wheeler, they quickly vanished from the spot by taking narrow stretches. Anna Nagar police have registered a case. Visuvasamani's husband, Philip Kennedy is working as Inspector in Koodalur Police station in Theni district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13788665", "title": "Cancelled Raja Lear shows spark dispute", "text": "KOLKATA: The woes of King Lear seem to be never-ending. On May 22 last year, Suman Mukhopadhyay staged a show of his adaptation of 'King Lear' only to have to wait for close to six months to stage it again at Rabindra Sadan on November 5. While some attributed this long pause in staging the play to logistic problems, others smelt political bias at work. The shows of the Soumitra Chatterjee-starrer continued uninterrupted till May this year till it came to a screeching halt what with the director claiming that all June shows of the play have been cancelled.Before Suman left for Shillong to shoot 'Sesher Kabita', his Facebook post read thus: \"Nonetheless, Raja Lear shows cancelled in June. Unbelievable! At least, this decision is not FOR the people. All truth is simple... is that not doubly a lie?\" That set tongues wagging. When we got in touch with Suman, he said: \"'Raja Lear' is the first production of Minerva Repertory Theatre. My play is so much in demand and two shows on June 9 and June 10 were cancelled simply because the repertory has a new production is not palatable. I don't think shows of a successful production should be cancelled this way simply because the stage needs to be free for rehearsals of another production.\"On Sunday, there was a show of the play that had to be cancelled because Soumitra Chatterjee was taken ill. \"I had a nasty fall and injured myself at Girish Mancha recently. I had gone for a programme hosted by the Mukhomukhi theatre group where I tripped on electric wires and fell. I have been advised bed-rest for a week. Physiotherapy is going on. In place of Sunday's show, they are trying to stage it on June 19. I don't know about the other shows in June,\" Soumitra said.Though the veteran actor said he had no problems with the way the repertory has been functioning, other guest artistes of the play have a different version. Said Joyraj Bhattacharya, who used to play the role of the fool: \"The way things were being conducted by the repertory left a lot to be desired. I have done plays with a lot many repertory theatres abroad. I know how it all functions there. But here, things are a lot unprofessional. No one from the repertory's end has any accountability for this production. We had a show in Delhi for which I personally bought my flight tickets. I was assured that I would be reimbursed. But once I returned and asked about the reimbursement, I was told that I would be given the train fare. While in Delhi, there was no one from the repertory's end to ensure that the likes of Soumitra Chatterjee got food on time. After the Delhi show, I decided to quit. Four shows were held after I quit where Sumanta Roy from the repertory played my role.\"Bimal Chakrabarty, who plays the role of Kent in the play, said: \"Three and a half months ago, Suman and a few guest artistes who are attached to 'RL' had written a letter to the secretary of Minerva Natya Sanskriti Charcha Kendra, asking for enhancement of our honorarium, reimbursement of our airfare and conveyance charges. We had also requested the authorities to grant us an allowance for the renovation and refurbishment of the sets and costumes. But our letter didn't even get any acknowledgment. We had been told that there would be shows in July, August and September. But now we are not sure if that is going to happen.\"Playwright Debesh Chattopadhyay, who directed 'Debi Sarpomasta' for this repertory and is a member of the advisory committee, however, doesn't smell anything fishy in stalling both 'DS' and 'RL' in June. \"Kaushik Chatterjee is staging D L Roy's 'Chandragupta'. It is the third repertory production. Since artistes from the repertory perform in all its productions, it's only prudent to allow them to stage 'Chandragupta' in June independently. Kaushik is a new director and he needs time to settle down with his production. I'm told 'DS' will be staged again from July. My own experiences with the repertory have been very good barring the period of transition when a new party formed the government and there was confusion over who would helm the repertory. Now, we know that Minerva is an autonomous body and I've had no problems staging my play,\" Debesh said.Playwright Arpita Ghosh, who is a member of Minerva Natya Sanskriti Charcha Kendra, is peeved with the repeated 'RL' controversy. \"Suman's Facebook post smacks of insecurity. 'RL' is not Suman's production. It is Minerva's production and Suman must remember that he is not the only director of the repertory. We have a new play coming up and for that, the director needs time to rehearse with his unit before the production. Soumitra-da fell down and hurt himself and hence, Sunday's show got cancelled. We can't stage 'RL' on June 9 and 10 because we need the stage for rehearsals of 'Chandragupta'. But then, we have planned to stage 'RL' on June 19. Subsequently, we will be staging it in Powai in July,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13790332", "title": "Over 15% children left out of full immunisation", "text": "JAIPUR: The medical, health and family welfare department managed to achieve only 85.09% of target set for full immunization of infants against various diseases in the financial year 2011-12.The latest figures released by the health department shows that nine districts have failed to touch even 80% of the set target.It shows that there are nearly 15% of children left out from fully being vaccinated against various diseases. The vaccination targets were fixed on the basis of birth rate of the district.Compared to 2010-11, the department registered a decline of 2.35% in 2011-12 financial year. The number of cases immunized in 2010-11 were 13.68 lakh, while it has decreased in 2011-12 to 13.36 lakh. The department set the target of 15.7 lakh infants to be immunized in 2011-12 but it failed to achieve the target as most of the districts including Jaisalmer, Jaipur II (rural), Barmer, Nagaur, Dholpur, Dausa, Jalore, Karauli and Pratapnagar performed badly. In these areas, the medical health and family welfare department could not achieve even 80% of the target they were assigned to achieve.In Jaisalmer, 66% target achieved, in Jaipur II 67.32%, Barmer 72%, Nagaur 73.21%, Dholpur 73.38%, Dausa 78.43%, Jalore 78.59%, Karauli 79.63% and in Pratapgarh 79.66% infants were fully immunized.Medical experts say that improper immunization coverage can be one of the reasons for high infant mortality rate. As per the figures issued in December 2011 by the registrar general in its SRS bulletin, in Rajasthan, 61 infants die per 1,000 live births but the national average is 47. Since Rajasthan is one of the states with IMR above national average, it needs efforts for fully immunizing infants against various diseases.Since 2005-06, the situation has improved. As per the national family health survey (2005-06), 43.5% of children in India received all of their primary vaccines by 12 months of age. But Rajasthan was one of the states with less than 30% of their children fully immunized.A department official said as the pregnancy and child tracking system (PCTS) is in effect, only the actual cases are registered. He claimed that the online system, which won the national award in e-governance in 2011, is keeping a track on each and every infant taking birth. So, efforts are being made to immunize every infant by using PCTS.Besides, the official claimed that they have launched immunization intensification campaign in the state with UNICEF , which would help in vaccinating infants who are left out from being covered earlier.The district which has achieved highest target (97.93%) is Sirohi, while Baran is in second place with 97.69 and Chittorgarh is in third spot with 97.33%. Followed by Ajmer, Hanumangarh, Pali, Sriganganagar, Sawai Madhopur, Jodhpur, Bhilwara, Tonk, Jhalawar and Bharatpur, all achieved above 90% of set target.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13792841", "title": "Cops set an example by organizing cleaning drive in residential areas", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Police often become subject to public criticism on several grounds. But, when the cops under the Fort sub division of city police took a half day off from their routine duty of law enforcing and observed 'clean day' by cleaning the residential areas under their limits on Sunday local residents were all praise for the cops. The police personnel led cleaning drives in all the 132 residents' association areas coming under the limits of Fort police station.The drive was carried out in cooperation with the local residents. Fort circle inspector S Y Suresh said that the cleaning drive was organized in view of the impending monsoon season and the various diseases that were likely to spread along with it. \"The initiative was a success with the wholehearted participation of the people. However, a major hurdle we faced was the disposal of waste,\" he said. Ironically, the police, who have been booking people who dumped waste in public places had to bury the waste collected from all residential areas at Erumakkuzhy near Attakulangara bypass road.\"The place has been used by the city corporation authorities too to dispose of waste. Hence we also did the same,\" the inspector said. Combustible waste materials were put to fire on the same place, he added.All the police personnel attached to the Fort station actively participated in the cleaning drive. Their participation was more at Karimadom and MSK Nagar Colonies, which are known for their unhygienic conditions owing to the poor sanitation facilities in there. Cleaning drives were held at Killippalam, Eanchakkal, Sreevaraham and Kuriathi also. Besides the police and local residents, the student police cadets of Manacaud Government Girl's Higher Secondary School also participated in the drive.Deputy commissioner of police Putta Vimaladithya inaugurated the drive at Killipalam. Fort assistant commissioner M Radhakrishnan Nair, Fort CI S Y Suresh, Thampanoor CI Sheen Tharayil and the councillors of nine wards also attended the inauguration. The cleaning drive lasted till 2 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13791549", "title": "Dasuya MLA dies of cardiac arrest", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Amarjit Singh Sahi, a prominent Sikh leader from Bharatiya Janata Party , who won his second term as MLA from Dasuya in recent Punjab assembly elections, died on Sunday morning after a cardiac arrest. He was 50.Sahi reportedly felt pain in the chest since last night, but chose to ignore it and did not seek medical assistance. Early on Sunday morning, his condition deteriorated and he suffered a cardiac arrest. He was rushed to Govt Multispeciality Hospital, Sector 16 by his driver, where he could not be revived. He is survived by his wife, son and daughter. Sahi was consecutively elected from Dasuya, defeating senior Congress leader Ramesh Chander Dogra twice in a row during the last two assembly elections in the state.He was elevated to the post of chief parliamentary secretary in the finance department during the previous SAD-BJP term. In the current regime, he was appointed as chief parliamentary secretary in the revenue department.As news of his death spread, leaders of different parties made a beeline to the hospital to pay their respects. Those who offered condolences included the Chief minister P S Badal, his son and deputy chief minister Sukhbir Badal, BJP leaders Ashwani Sharma, Chunni Lal Bhagat, Navjot Singh Sidhu and Anil Joshi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13789664", "title": "Man held for raping daughter", "text": "MUMBAI: The Dahisar police on Saturday arrested a 42-year-old labourer, Satyajeet Chowdhary, for allegedly raping his 16-year-old daughter for the last three years at their residence in an SRA housing society in Dahisar (W).The matter came to light after the girl approached a child welfare activist, who took her to the cops and got a complaint lodged against the father.The victim said that her father had started raping her four years after her mother's death. The accused had threatened to kill the victim if she revealed details of her ordeal to anyone. The accused also impregnated the girl in 2010, following which he forced her to get the pregnancy terminated.The police said that the victim's medical reports confirmed that she had been raped. During an interrogation, Chowdhary confessed to raping his own daughter.The accused is in custody till June 7. Meanwhile, the victim and her two siblings have been sent to the children's home in Dongri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13788853", "title": "Porn MMS goes viral in Jawaharlal Nehru University, 3 suspended", "text": "NEW DELHI: Another case of MMS involving Jawaharlal Nehru University students has come to light on campus. A source in the university administration said three students were suspended for their alleged involvement in the MMS, which was shot in Narmada Hostel. The MMS started circulating nearly a month ago and some students apparently complained to the varsity authorities.A university source said Narmada hostel is for boys. An inquiry by proctor H B Bohidar was conducted and the students were suspended on Friday on the basis of prima facie evidence.The rector, the proctor and the dean of students refused to comment on the issue. Vice chancellor S K Sopory confirmed the suspensions. \"I can't say anything more as I am travelling and the details are not available with me. But yes, a few students have been suspended,\" he said.Ravi Prakash Singh, JNU students union general secretary, said, \"If such things keep happening, it will malign the university. Action should be taken and such students should be immediately thrown out of the campus.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13789750", "title": "Two more girls killed in the womb", "text": "MUMBAI: Barely a day after two female foetuses were found aborted in a sewer in Beed, state officials on Sunday recovered two more including one from Beed.The second one was found dumped near a residential pocket in Solapur. The undisposed body of a stillborn girl child was also recovered from a farm near Udagir in Latur district. The disturbing developments have further embarrassed a state already grappling with a poor child sex ratio (925 girls for every 1,000 boys in the 0-6 age group). The government has now deployed teams across the state to trace those indulging in such heinous crimes. It is also mulling over changing norms regarding to availability of over-the-counter abortion pills, and procedures related to sonography tests for pregnant patients.Of the two fresh cases of female foetuses unearthed, one was detected from a village in Beed, which has a child sex ratio of 801:1,000 and has attained the dubious tag of becoming the \"centre of female infanticide\" in the state. Barely a week ago, a case where a doctor couple-Sudam and Saraswati Munde-was charged for illegally aborting a girl child and feeding the aborted foetuses to dogs had come to light in the region. The fresh foetus was recovered at the time of investigations into the foetuses recovered on Saturday. Dr Shivaji Sanap, a private maternity home owner, and two of his employees have been arrested for aborting all the three foetuses found in Beed and disposing of them. The police have also arrested two relatives of a married woman for forced abortion in one among the three cases. The remaining two belonged to unmarried women, state officials said. A district court on Sunday sentenced the five arrested to police custody till June 6. The second one was found dumped near a residential pocket in an urban locality in Solapur. The body of the stillborn was detected from Udagir in the afternoon, state health minister Suresh Shetty said. \"The delivery was carried out at the government hospital, but the dead body was not properly disposed of. Further investigations are on,\" Shetty said.Following the new cases, the state health department has deployed teams to inspect maternity homes and sonography centres across the state. Instructions to inspect all such centres in Beed have been issued. Senior police, health and revenue department officials have been dispatched to Beed to monitor investigations. To curb such incidents, the state government is also considering some major changes in rules and strategies. The fresh spate of incidents has yet again raised the debate on easy availability of over-the-counter abortion pills. State chief secretary Jayantkumar Banthia, who is also in charge of the public health department, said that the option of limiting the availability of such pills to designated centres to ensure that these medicines are not dispensed without a medical prescription was being considered. Even state health minister Suresh Shetty endorses this option to ensure that the pills are dispensed only under medical supervision. Shetty also disclosed plans to make it mandatory for gynaecologists and general practitioners to notify the state government about referral of pregnant women to sonography centres. Such centres will also be asked to similarly provide information to the state. \"While sonography centres came under the scanner, medics who refer such patients often go scot free,\" Shetty said. The state is also planning to ask manufacturers and distributors of sonography machines to submit list of radiologists to whom the machines are being sold. Shetty said a meeting of manufacturers and distributors would soon be held.A new strategy is being devised for Beed and Parli. The feasibility of banning all stand-alone private sonography centers and permitting sonography across government-run centres is being explored. Shetty said plans to maintain an inventory of pregnant patients travelling to Beed from other areas are also being considered. CM Prithviraj Chavan said that a meeting with representatives of the Medical Council of Indian and the Indian Medical Association to discuss options will be held this week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13789188", "title": "Anna-Ramdev agitation: Cause, not leaders, brings crowd together", "text": "NEW DELHI: Joining forces to step up pressure on the government to bring back the black money stashed abroad and pass an effective anti-corruption bill, veteran social activist Anna Hazare and Baba Ramdev sat on a daylong fast together on Parliament Street on Sunday. While supporters from the two camps did not intermingle much, they brushed aside apprehensions about the alliance and insisted they had been united by a common cause.For Ravi Mohan, a mechanical engineer, the cause took precedence over who led it. \"It is not about Anna or Ramdev. It is about the people of India. It is raining scams here. The worst part is that once these corrupt politicians are out of jail, they head to the Parliament the very next day,\" he said.\"Anna is leading a huge campaign that will change India, while Baba Ramdev's campaign against black money is just a part of it. Both are important but Baba should learn from Anna and his team who have more knowledge and skill to deal with such issues,\" Mohan said.While there was much camaraderie on display between the two leaders, the lines separating their camps remained distinct with followers supporting their respective leaders. However, there were a few exceptions with some people who came to support both. Most people welcomed the alliance and felt it would help in the fight against graft, but many felt that corruption was something that affected them on a daily basis and needed to be addressed first.Nidhi Bahugana (45), a homemaker, felt the issue of graft needed more attention as it affected people directly.\"Anna has a vision and a concrete plan of action, whereas Ramdev is all rhetorical in his approach and unable to convey an understanding of the issue,\" she said. Though she, too, supported the alliance. \"While Anna Hazare could have been able to pull off a fast all by himself, Ramdev's presence and fan following increases the clamour for change,\" she said.Raghuvir Chyandra felt the same. \"We support Anna Hazare completely. But Baba Ramdev and Anna's coming together is like adding sugar to milk. This alliance will bring down the government,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "13793284", "title": "Clairvoyant tribals assure enough rain", "text": "KORAPUT: The monsoon may be yet to make an entry in the state, but Odisha will have sufficient rainfall this year, predicted some tribals from Koraput district, who claim to have an \"indigenous wisdom\" about predicting rainfall.When it comes to weather forecast, these tribals do not go by what the meteorological office has to say. While celebrating Birpani Parab here on Saturday, they said there was no reason to worry abouth rainfall this year.Every year, the tribals celebrate the festival on a Saturday that falls on the sixth or the tenth day of the lunar month of Jyestha. They observe some age-old rituals as part of the \"parab\" for praying for agricultural prosperity and sufficient rainfall.Thousands of tribals belonging to Paraja, Halwa, Pentia and Bhumia tribes, dressed up in their traditional attire, gathered at the Kondamali hilltop near Gadapadar village on Saturday to appease \"Goddess Birpani\".The place of worship is marked by three holes in a horizontal line with rough circular openings. According to tribal belief, the first and the second holes symbolize Birpani and Dongar Dei. The third one symbolizes Bhairab-the attendant of the two goddesses.Water gushes out from one of the three holes belonging to the deity. This indicates the arrival of the rains. \"I insert my right hand into the hole to gauge the quantity of water. It is on the basis of these observations that I can predict the onset of the monsoon and the quality of harvest,\" said Halo Pujari, the chief priest.\"We have been following this tradition since time immemorial and our prediction has never gone wrong. This year, the state will receive good rainfall for three months,\" he added.When it comes to weather forecast, these tribals do not go by what the Met office has to say. While celebrating Birpani Parab on Saturday, they said there was no reason to worry about rainfall this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13797171", "title": "Taste of own medicine", "text": "Taste of own medicineDuring the recent bandh, an auto driver decided to make use of an off day to visit his friend in the suburbs. Having spent the day in his friend's company, it was time for him to return home. He embarked on the journey, hoping that the autos would have started plying in the evening and he would be able to take a ride home. But after alighting at Goregaon station, as he flagged down the autos, he got a shock as at least four drivers refused the fare. He raved and ranted, even threatened the auto drivers to approach the union, but they simply ignored him. That is when realization dawned on him on what it means to refuse commuters who alight from trains, only to be cold shouldered by the auto drivers. Having tasted a dose of one's own medicine, the driver has vowed never to refuse a fare. Perhaps, many more auto drivers may have faced a similar situation and taken similar vows. And if they do remain steadfast in their pledge, it may make commuting a lot easier.Close encountersIn his 30 years of service in the Mumbai police force, Iqbal Shaikh, who retired as the assistant commissioner of police last week, has had many a moment in the spotlight. Be it participating in one of the first encounters of storming into a flat and gunning down dreaded criminal Maya Dolas and his six associates at Lokhandwala after an 8-hour operation or taking on a Sikh terrorist, tracing him down to Baroda and killing him after an encounter, Shaikh has seen it all. No wonder then that Shaikh found himself in Bollywood scripts and film stars taking tips from him as they tried to enact real life on reel. Shaikh's latest brush with stardom, just before his retirement, was in Wankhede Stadium, when an agitated Shah Rukh Khan took on the members of Mumbai Cricket Association. As the actor vent his anger and stood his ground, it was Shaikh, a friend of Shah Rukh and a managing committee member of the association, who stepped in before the situation got out of control. Having dealt with stars and criminals, Shaikh used his wit and charm to ensure that off the pitch, spirit of the game was maintained. As things returned to normal, it was Shaikh who walked away from the stadium with the applause.Backyard specialistsHome minister R R Patil may have been under tremendous stress as he took stock of the preparation for the all-India bandh call given by the opposition to protest against the petrol price hike. But after a day-long meeting with senior police officials to ensure that the law and order in the city and state was maintained, when Patil stepped out to brief the media, the humour in him was still intact. As questions were asked and answers were given, Patil got a query on his opinion about the forest ministry's decision to issue shoot-at-sight orders against poachers. Pat came his answer: \"We also want to send our tigers (encounter specialists) from Mumbai to Naxal-affected areas but they are not ready to go when there is an open ground there.\" What Patil meant was when it came to taking on Naxals, the famed Mumbai's encounter specialists preferred to hide in their backyard rather than go out to places like Gadchiroli and face the real bullets. Inflation effectIt is no surprise that life partners do have arguments and exchanges in their domestic life. But in these times of high prices and rising temperatures, sometimes even a small misunderstanding may flare up in the public domain. And it was evident in a community wedding at Mira Road recently, when the father of a groom was seen getting angry at the qazi for having entered Rs 25,000 as mehar (the mandatory gift money grooms give to brides) in the nikahnama. He was hassled as the mehar was ten times more than what had been a common rule-another groom had just paid Rs 2,500. Many were found reasoning with the father that mehar was decided by the mothers of the bride and the groom. Perhaps, in these costly times, the patriarch in the heat of the moment forgot that simple rule that mothers too have a say in their children's marriage.Tragic Nostalgia", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13790943", "title": "Power supply disrupted in many areas", "text": "VARANASI: The local faults and ongoing upgradation of transformers disrupted power supply in many areas in the city, even as blistering heat gave no respite to the residents.According to PVVNL, the power supply remained disrupted in a number of areas in the heart of the city due to the ongoing augmentation of a 10 MVA transformer attached to 33 KV Kashi Vidyapith substation on Sunday. Areas like Sigra, Vidyapith, Badshah Bagh and Lallapura witnessed power supply on a two-hour rotation basis. A number of 11 KV feeders attached to 33 KV Nagar Nigam substation like Jai Prakash Nagar, Nirala Nagar and Railway Colony also witnessed rotational power supply of one hour each due to the work. Power supply in these areas would be restored in the next 24 hours after the completion of the work.Meanwhile, damage of transformers and overloaded substations continued to worsen power crisis in southern parts of the city and outskirts. The problems in aerial bunch conductor (ABC) created power snarls in Pucci Bazaar. The reports of damaging of transformers also poured in from Ram Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13802692", "title": "Shahid Kapoor turns mama's boy", "text": "Shahid Kapoor took time out on Saturday to be a part of his mentor Shiamak Davar's dance show. And interestingly, he did not have one of his co-stars for company this time around. In fact, Shahid took his mother Neelima Azim for the event.Though Shahid had bought a plush 3-BHK for his mum last December, the mother-son duo had rarely made public appearances together. But Saturday evening, changed it all.Shahid, who was felicitated at the event, was seen chatting away with his mother who was seated right next to him. In fact, he even obliged the photographers by posing with his mum. Reportedly, a rift had developed between the two when Shahid decided to act in his father Pankaj Kapur's film and not be a part of his mum's production.However, in 2010, mother and son had patched up. According to insiders, Shahid had even agreed to do his mother's film. However, nothing has materialised on that front yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13791201", "title": "State child rights commission condemns corporal punishment in city schools", "text": "GUWAHATI: Assam State Commission for Protection of Child Rights (ASCPCR) has decided to approach the state education department to act against teachers resorting to corporal punishment in city schools.ASCPCR chairperson Suchitra Kakoty told TOI that despite all efforts from the government and NGOs to ensure corporal punishments is abolished, students in nearly 80 per cent of the schools in Assam are still being beaten up by teachers.Hearing a complaint of corporal punishment from Bhabesh Thakuria, father of a class V student at Bhabanipur Primary School at Noonmati locality here, the commission found that Aporajoy Bhagawati, a teacher, beating the student mercilessly during class hours.Kakoty said that the commission will ask the director of elementary education, Assam, to transfer the culprit immediately.\"Disciplinary action should be initiated against the accused teacher under the service rules applicable by the education department. The school authority should take steps to provide counseling to Krishnan,\" the chairperson added.\"Teachers involved in corporal punishment will not be spared. The ASCPCR is concerned about corporal punishment. Even in Guwahati, many students have been subjected to brutal punishments only for poor academic performance. The children and their guardians must not hesitate to complain against teachers indulging in corporal punishment,\" said Kakoty.The commission received a complaint on May 19 wherein the complainant Bhabesh Thakuria complained that his son was facing inhuman tortured from teacher Aporajoy Bhagawati. Kishanan was beaten up badly because he was not being able to write English as asked by the teacher.\"We were shocked to see the injury marks on the back of the student,\" Kakoty said.The commission has directed the school authority to take up measures so that no such incident of corporal punishment happens in the future.\"The school should take appropriate steps to ensure a healthy environment for proper growth, participation and overall development of every child of the school\", the ASCPCR recommended the authority of Bhabanipur Primary School.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13811390", "title": "Madhura Naik sizzles; Priya-Ram to fight in Bade Achhe", "text": "Sony TV's show 'Bade Achhe Lagte Hain' produced by Balaji Telefilms is becoming more gripping and dramatic with each passing episode. The show that has garnered a lot of hype is set to spice up the plot further.Madhura Naik who is currently seen in 'Hum Ne Li Hai... Shapath' will perform a sizzling item number on the show. The show will also see a major high point in the coming episodes when Priya ( Sakshi Tanwar) and Ram Kapoor will have a huge fight.A grand party will be organized on the occasion of Ram's company completing 40 years. At the party Madhura will perform on the Aaj Ki Raat track from Shah Rukh Khan starrer, Don. And that's not all Priya decides to bring Ram's real mom Krishna at the party.This will irk Ram and he and Priya will have a huge fight at the party. Priya and Krishna will then leave the party. This particular episode will be aired tomorrow.When contacted, Madhura Naik said, \"Yes, I will be performing on a dance number from Don and it's a special appearance.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13788803", "title": "Green Vigil figures in 'Diplomatist'", "text": "NAGPUR: Green Vigil, a city-based NGO working to spread awareness on global warming and climate change, has figured in the 'Diplomatist' magazine, having a client base across 85 countries globally.'Diplomatist' covers diplomatic and current affairs pertaining to relations between India and other countries and has subscribers in diplomatic, expatriate, government, business and academic communities of India and abroad.'Diplomatist' associate editor Yamini Chowdhury contacted Green Vigil to write on the widespread mobilization initiatives being undertaken to commemorate Earth Day 2012 by Green Vigil. The magazine published these events as cover story focusing attention on various programmes being implemented by Green Vigil Foundation since its inception.\"The article 'Green initiatives for the blue planet' highlights various programmes conducted by us in creating awareness and educating local communities on environmental sustainability,\" said Kavita Rattan, its founder.The environmental conservation efforts of the foundation in domains of natural resource and biodiversity conservation, water sustainability, and climate change have been well received.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13788343", "title": "New sewage system for Nagpur likely", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation's (NMC) budget for 2012-13 will be presented in the special meeting of general body on June 6. Ready reckoner-based property tax and rents along with a new sewage collection system for the entire city are likely to be the highlights of the budget.The Committee Department issued the meeting's agenda that has four proposals including budget. Chairman of standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari will present the budget. The other three proposals include approval to Jamghat reservoir proposed by the Water Resources Department (WRD) for giving allocation of 283.16 million meter cube (MMC) water for the NMC, appointment of Women and Child Welfare Committee and Backward Cell Committee.Municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal had presented a Rs 1,110.08 crore budget which is being implemented from April 1. Tiwari's budget will supercede Jaiswal's budget. Sources told TOI, Tiwari will present a budget over Rs 1,200 crore as last budget was of Rs 1,199.02 crore. He may even increase the size to over Rs 1,300 crore.After delaying it for one year, the office bearers seem to okay with going ahead with the ready reckoner-based property tax. Tiwari may announce its implementation from current fiscal. Tiwari may also announce revision of rents collected from the shops and galas allotted by the NMC. The existing rent is very less and has not been revised since a long time. Tiwari may announce levy of ready reckoner-based rents for all structures rented out by the NMC.He is also likely to announce starting of English medium in NMC's 184 primary schools. It will start from standard 1. Jaiswal had already announced it in his budget. Tiwari may announce a new policy for NMC schools and abandoned schools buildings. He is also likely to announce construction of four multispecialty hospitals on BOT basis. The proposal was mooted in the last two budgets but the State government's decision to reduce commercial FSI to 1.25 came as a hurdle for the project. BJP national president Nitin Gadkari too wants the project to be completed. The Government has now restored the FSI to 2.5 and also made a provision of extra FSI.Another highlight of the budget may be construction of 20-30 market places. Tiwari had already identified a few places for the markets. Besides, he will make provisions of funds for ongoing projects like Suresh Bhat Auditorium and Cement Roads.It will be interesting to see whether Tiwari accommodates Jaiswal's ambitious project Rajiv Gandhi Nuclear Centre on the lines of Kolkata's Science City. Jaiswal had made provisions of Rs 50 lakh for this in his budget. He had also proposed six new taxes as per recommendations of JNNURM including direct user charges for door-to-door garbage collection. After presentation of the budget on June 6, Sole will announce a date for discussion on the budget, probably June 8, followed by approval and implementation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13814473", "title": "Krishna &amp; Mithlesh\u2019s disguise in Afsar Bitiya!", "text": "A raid sequence follows on Zee TV's Afsar Bitiya when Krishna (Mitali Nag) and Mithlesh (Shashank Sethi) assign babu to distribute the BPL (below poverty line) certificates to the villagers.Babu is up to something fishy and in order to catch him, Krishna and Mithlesh decide to do a sting operation.The two pretend to be a Muslim couple. While Krishna is dressed in a black burqa , Mithlesh's disguise looks convincing with his green scarf, black topi and Kajal . The duo manage to catch babu red handed.Sources inform that the episode will mostly be aired tomorrow night (5th June 2012). When contacted, Both Mitali Nag and Shashank Sethi remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13792899", "title": "On way out, Gen VK Singh censured officer", "text": "NEW DELHI: A few days before his retirement, former Army chief Gen VK Singh punished an officer in connection with a failed intelligence operation in Assam, after the colonel was accused of planting stories about tapping of defence ministry phones by the Army.\"I direct that my censure in form of 'severe displeasure' be conveyed to Col G Srikumar of 3 Corps Intelligence and Surveillance Unit presently posted at the headquarters 4 Rapid Division,\" Gen Singh wrote in the order issued to the officer.In the same case, the former Army chief had issued a show cause notice to 3 Corps Commander Lt Gen Dalbir Singh Suhag and Brig Abhey Krishna of the same formation for \"lapses\" on their part and \"abdicating responsibility\".In the notice to Lt Gen Suhag, Gen Singh said that \"it was also learnt that commanding officer, 3 CISU, during his absence from unit on leave, was masquerading in Delhi and interacting with the media giving anti-organization stories\".The Army had alleged that Srikumar was one of the three officers facing action for planting stories against the force while he was on leave from December 18 to January 8.The Army had recently accused retired Lt Gen Tejinder Singh, along with a few serving officers, of planting stories in the media about tapping of phones of various senior defence ministry officials by its personnel during the age controversy involving Gen Singh.The snooping issue had come to light on February 16, when an army intelligence team, tasked with carrying out debugging of ministry phones, suspected tapping of phones. However, this was denied by the army.It said there was discrepancy in the telephone lines, which caused an alarm. But no such thing was found during subsequent checks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13795059", "title": "Two houses in Shyam Nagar burgled, valuables worth lakhs stolen", "text": "INDORE: Thieves targeted two adjoining houses in Shyam Nagar area of the city around midnight on Saturday and decamped with valuables worth lakhs of rupees. Nobody was present in both the houses when the burglars struck as the family members had gone out of the city.Hira Nagar police station in-charge GR Golia said that thieves burgled the house of one Rakesh Sahu, an engineer, when he had gone out of the city along with his wife a few days back to attend a wedding of a relative.On Sunday morning, his neighbours found the front door of Sahu's house remained wide open and smelling some foul play, they quickly informed him about it. Neighbours informed Shahu and his wife might return on Sunday night only. Police meanwhile sealed the house and waiting for the couple to arrive for taking stock of the loss.Police quoting his neighbours said that valuables worth Rs 15 lakh were kept in the house. However, Golia said that the police were not certain about the value of the missing articles and it would be clear only after the return of the house owner, he said.In the second house-break, thieves also targeted a house situated behind Sahu's residence during the same night. In that house, one Bhanwarlal Bhatti had died three days ago and the family members had gone to their native village for performing his last rites. Police said that they could not ascertain the stolen valuables as nobody returned from the village.Police registered offences in both the cases under relevant Sections of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13795828", "title": "47 candidates file nominations in Allahabad", "text": "ALLAHABAD: About 47 candidates filed their nomination at the Collectorate on Sunday for the post of corporators on the third day of nominations for local bodies' elections.No candidate filed nomination for the post of mayor while two candidates filed the nominations for the post of chairman, nagar panchayat. Besides, five candidates filed the nominations for the post of members, nagar panchayat on Sunday.Political observers say the failure of most of the political parties to announce candidates for the post of mayor is the main reason behind the poor turnout of candidates. The number of candidates contesting mayoral election as Independents is also less.Meanwhile, the Congress party on Saturday evening announced the names of 80 candidates for the post of corporators from 80 wards of the city.Wards which have been reserved for women, the party has fielded wives of some sitting corporators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "13796411", "title": "4 Pakistani women killed for dance with men", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Four women condemned to death by a tribal jirga or council for dancing and singing with men at a wedding in northern Pakistan have been killed, TV news channels reported on Sunday.However, senior officials refuted the news reports and described them as baseless. Interior minister Rehman Malik ordered a judicial inquiry into the reported killings.There was confusion about the number of women reportedly killed. Geo News channel reported that four women were killed while The Express Tribune reported on its website that five women were killed. The fifth woman was the sister of one the women , the report said.A jirga in Kohistan had also condemned to death the two men in the mobile phone video. Though a cleric was arrested in connection with the incident, he claimed he had not issued any fatwa to kill the women.The two men condemned by the jirga have reportedly fled the region.Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa information minister Mian Iftikhar Hussain described the news reports \"totally wrong and baseless\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13811893", "title": "Vidya Balan nervous about her comical role", "text": "After winning accolades for portraying strong in films like The Dirty Picture and Kahaani, actress Vidya Balan is feeling nervous while stepping into the genre of comedy with Ghanchakkar.\"We still haven't started working on this film yet...hoping to start in August. It is my first comedy film so I am very nervous.\"I would not like to talk about my character in the film,\" Vidya, 34, told reporters at an event organised by Indo-American Association to felicitate the actress for her contribution to Indian cinema.Ghanchakkar is a quirky film that narrates the tale of Emraan Hashmi, an ex-conman who is laid back and has a taste for finer things in life. He has an ambitious Punjabi wife, Vidya, who has her own notions of the world.The story unfolds about how Emraan gets sucked into a chakkar and has to suffer at the hands of two thugs (conmen) - one with an ailment and other with bad sense of humour. All this leads to confusion and chaos and brings in comical situations.Ghanchakkar re-unites Vidya with her The Dirty Picture co-star Emraan. Produced by UTV, the film is directed by Rajkumar Gupta of Aamir and No One Killed Jessica fame. The film goes on floors in August.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13789018", "title": "Speed jammers on 50 school buses", "text": "MUMBAI: The new academic session in schools will start with a safer commute for children on school buses.In a bid to put a brake on school buses, many of which have been involved in accidents owing to rash driving, speed governors have been installed on 50 new vehicles and the devices are expected to restrict the speed to 40 km per hour.With the School Bus Association challenging the installation of speed governors, and the matter pending in court, the device is yet to be installed on old buses.While several schools in the city are expected to reopen on Monday, others will commence the new academic year from June 11. \"For new school buses, we have made it mandatory to instal speed governors, following a government notification sent in April. We are not issuing fitness certificates to school buses unless the vehicles are fitted and tested with the gadget. We expect at least 100 buses to be fitted with the speed governors by year-end,\" said assistant RTO (Wadala) Tanaji Chavan. Another senior RTO official said the old and existing buses will also have to follow suit shortly. \"It is just a matter of time before they are also fitted with speed governors. Our officers will conduct checks and find out if any bus is speeding,\" he said.President of School Bus Owners Association Anil Garg, however, made his objection to the new move clear. \"The RTO should first try and instal them on BEST buses and then expect us to follow the rule,\" he told TOI. \"We have written to the transport commissioner but haven't received much response. We plan to ask for a stay on the matter from the high court. We are complying with all other rules but not this, because it is a sheer wastage of money.\" A school bus owner also has the same argument. \"School buses ply very short distances and stop every now and then. The speed is anyway less than 40 km per hour. Why should we instal these governors, which cost between Rs 13,000 and Rs 15,000,\" he said.Though a source said the speed governors are on offer to School Bus Association members for a little less, around Rs 12,500, the vehicle owners are still not availing of them. \"The governors used to cost Rs 6,500. But the manufacturers have suddenly doubled the prices. They say they have to pay a deposit of Rs 25 lakh to the state transport department, and so, the amount has shot up. This is ridiculous,\" said Garg. Some members even think that the gadget will be a \"complete flop\", if installed on school buses.The government is, however, firm on the decision. State transport secretary Shailesh Sharma said, \"We are serious about installing speed governors on school buses for the safety of students as well as other passengers. These governors will be installed also on dumpers and tankers from July 1, tourist buses from September 1 and trucks from November 1. The maximum speed permissible on those buses and trucks will be restricted to 65 km per hour.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "13790924", "title": "Lumding-Silchar trains cancelled due to landslides", "text": "SILCHAR: Torrential rain in the Barail Hill range for the past many days triggered landslides at least five places along the Lumding-Silchar section of Northeast Frontier Railway (NFR) early on Sunday. Authorities have suspended and regulated services of all the trains in this 214-km section until tracks are cleared.A senior official of NFR here said at around 3am on Sunday, a large amount of soil and mud, boulders and trees came down the Borail Hill on the tracks at five different places in Dima Hasao district. The affected places are between Harangajao and Mailongdisa, Bandarkhal and Chandranathpur, Maibang and Daotohaja, Lower Haflong and Bagetar and between Mahur and Migrendisa.Sources said tracks have been washed away along a 130-metre stretch due to impact of the landslides. Large areas of the tracks have also gone under four-five feet of debris.Soon after the incident, hundreds of workers, along with engineers and other NFR officials from Badarpur and Lumding rushed to the place. Work to clear the debris is on at a war footing.The sources said so far the tracks have been cleared at three places including the areas between Maibang and Daotohaja, Lower Haflong and Bagetar and Mahur and Migrendisa.The other two places are the worst-affected because of washing away of tracks. \"Our officials and engineers will first make an estimate of the extent of damage of the tracks. After this, restoration work will be taken up at these places as well,\" said a senior NFR officer.Services of all the trains in this section have been cancelled for an indefinite period as there's no time-frame for restoration of the tracks, officials said.While the Silchar-bound Cachar Express was brought back to Lumding from Jatinga station, Silchar-bound Barak Valley Express came back to Lumding from Maibang station and the Lumding-bound Tripura Express had to go back to Agartala from Chandranathpur station.Authorities are making arrangements to ferry the stranded passengers to their destinations through alternate means of transport.Landslides in the Lumding-Silchar section that runs through Borail hill range are a common phenomenon during monsoons due to failure of the drainage system along the route and unmaintained tracks. This has been causing a lot of harassment to the people.In 2010, the route was closed to railway traffic for 34 days after a 300-metre track between Harangajao and Maliongdisa, 78 km from Silchar, was washed away due to a heavy landslide. During 2004, the route was closed for four months due to landslides.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "13792597", "title": "Palamu to go for stress busting", "text": "DALTONGANJ: The residents of Daltonganj will now get a scope to learn the tricks of releasing stress as a 15-day stress busting physical conditioning camp is about to kick start here from Monday. The Talent Sports Organization will be arranging the camp in the local police line.The camp is open to all, said coach Balmukund Pandey. \"Children above 13 years of age may also take part. Two coaches will be joining shortly to train the participants,\" said Pandey.Pandey has accompanied the Indian contingent in 2006 Asian Games held in Doha. He has also represented India in the 2006 Commonwealth Games held in Australia.A fitness freak, this 45-year-old man loves running and wants others to be walking or running.About the recent trend in which people working in any institution, be it government or private, often ignore fitness issues, he said this has now become a very common malaise which with little exercise could be overcome.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13793741", "title": "Respite from heat wave in Madhya Pradesh", "text": "BHOPAL: The heat wave conditions in the state that pushed the maximum temperatures in parts of the state to 47 degrees Celsius have plummeted by three to four degrees in the last 24 hours. The drop in temperatures along with winds have made life easier for the people of state.Increased air moisture and western disturbance over some parts along with changed wind directions were attributed as the reasons for the drop in temperature. The officials of the Meteorological department, Bhopal circle, said similar conditions would prevail for at least two to three days more and few places could also get thundershowers as the monsoon was expected to hit the southern coast of the country in the next two days.The temperatures among the four main cities, including Bhopal, Indore, Gwalior and Jabalpur ranged between 44.0 and 25.6 degrees.Bhopal recorded a maximum of 39.3 (-1) degrees against a minimum of 28.7 (+2) degrees. The maximum temperature at Indore was recorded at 38.0 (00) degrees and minimum at 25.6 (+1) degrees.Gwalior recorded a maximum of 44.0 (+1) degrees and a minimum of 31.2 (+3) degrees. The maximum at Jabalpur was recorded at 40.7 (+1) and minimum at 30.4 (+2).In the forecast for Monday, the weathermen predicted the possibility of developing cloudy and thundery conditions during afternoon and evening hours in Bhopal while Gwalior, Chambal, Rewa and Sagar divisions would reel under heat wave conditions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13805497", "title": "Mukesh Tiwari's difficult moment", "text": "He may have played the hardened villain and a tyrant in several films, but when it came to doing a lovemaking scene, Mukesh Tiwari broke into a cold sweat. This happened on the sets of Shiv Dube's MLA that released recently.A unit source revealed, \"Mukesh tried his level best to convince director Shiv Dube to show some motifs insinuating the act of love making. He even made his discomfiture pretty apparent on the sets hoping that the Dube would agree to his request. Worse, Pallavi, who has done the scene was a newcomer and Mukesh did not know whether the two would actually sync well or not. On the other hand Pallavi had her reservations too. The director had a tough time cajoling them into doing it.\"When asked about Tiwari's nervousness Shiv Dube laughed saying, \"The tension and the palpitations were to such a degree that I had to shoot the scene twice. Thankfully, it just fell into place when I shot it for the second time. Well, Mukesh, a politician, asks for a sexual favour from a woman who wants to be one of the candidates in her region. I convinced him into doing it. But he has still not forgiven me for it.\"\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "ghumar mandi", "code": "13792836", "title": "This Dravid fan shines on", "text": "GHUMAR MANDI: With a dream to represent India and make his parents proud, this 17-year-old talented batsman of Ludhiana aims to become a permanent fixture in the nationals team soon.Meet Sunny Pandey, who recently hit a century in a four-day match against Mohali in Dhruv Pandove Cricket Tournament. For Sunny, the match at Mohali was unforgettable.The right-handed batsman said, ''I think my strength comes from my concentration and patience on the pitch. It was a memorable inning for me when I hit a ton in the state level Dhruv Pandove Cricket Tournament.''Sunny started playing cricket at the age of nine. About his practice, he said, ''I started playing with a dream to represent India some day. Initially, I used to practise at SCD Government College, but for the last six years, I have been strengthening my game at Arya College ground. I practice for five hours everyday under coach Charanjit Singh.''And all this could not have been possible without his parents' support, he added. ''When I was young I shared my desire to represent the country with my father Pawan Kumar Pandey. He gave full support and even bought me a cricket kit.\"A resident of Ghumar Mandi, he added, ''I played in U-16 and U-19 Punjab teams. Now, I am focusing on my selection in U-22 category and junior Ranji team. I believe the city has great potential for talented players, but it lacks an independent cricket ground.''A huge fan of Rahul Dravid, this budding cricketer would spend hours in front of the television to watch and learn from his favourate player.''I would observe Dravid's technique carefully to learn the nuances of the game,'' he added, suggesting that all budding players should do the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13791452", "title": "6 held for stealing rare silver coins", "text": "PUNE: The Pune rural police arrested six people, including three jewellers, on Sunday and solved a burglary wherein 20 kg of silver Indian rupee coins belonging to the early 20th century had been stolen from a house in Malegaon village in Baramati taluka of the Pune district.The suspects had melted more than 10 kg of the silver coins and moulded it into a silver bar. The police have recovered the silver bar and around 9.5 kg of silver coins which were still intact.The police also recovered a foreign-made revolver which the suspects had stolen from the house and dumped into a well in Malegaon.The suspects have been identified as Barik Pawar (23), Vijay Pawar (26) both of Baramati; Nana Chavan (43) of Phaltan, Satara; and Vijay Dahiwal (42) of Phaltan Satara, Suresh Kumbhar (45) and Shashikant Shingare (25) both of Hupari in Kolhapur. Dahiwal, Kumbhar and Shingare are jewellers.Acting on a tip-off, a police team led by inspector of the local crime branch of the Pune rural police Nitinkumar Gokave made the arrests.Gokave said Barik and Vijay had broken into the house of advocate Mohan Tavare in Malegaon on April 13. They had stolen 20 kg of silver coins of the early 20th century, his foreign-made pistol and a cellphone together worth Rs 16.52 lakh. \"Considering the seriousness of the crime, the Baramati police and the local crime branch started investigations in the case,\" he said.During investigations, assistant police inspector of the local crime branch Sandip Bhosale received a tip-off that Sandip and Vijay were involved in the crime. \"We laid a trap and nabbed them,\" Gokave said.During interrogation, the duo also admitted to their involvement in another burglary, which they had committed in April 2011 at Malegaon in Pramod Virkar's house. \"The duo had stolen 31 tolas of gold from Virkar's house. We have recovered 15 tolas of gold from them,\" Gokave said.He said the police then nabbed Chavan from Phaltan. \"Chavan used to purchase stolen goods from Vijay and used to sell it to the jewellers.\"Gokave said Chavan then revealed the names of the jewellers whom he had sold the silver coins to. \"We arrested a jeweller from Phaltan and two from Hupari. From one jeweller, we recovered around 9.5 kg of silver coins, which were intact. The jewellers from Hupari had melted the coins and moulded them into a 10 kg silver bar.\"Assistant inspector Sandip Bhosale said the suspects later revealed that they had dumped the revolver into a well at a farm in Malegaon.\"The police and the local people pumped out the water from the well and recovered the revolver,\" Gokave said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13809301", "title": "Arvind Kejriwal contradicts Ramdev on naming MPs involved in graft cases", "text": "NOIDA: Differences continued to remain between Team Anna and Ramdev with activist Arvind Kejriwal on Monday contradicting the yoga guru's claims that a protocol had been set not to take names of politicians or make personal attacks during speeches at the venue.After Kejriwal abruptly exited the fast venue on Sunday following Ramdev taking exception to his speech, Ramdev had claimed that there was a protocol set for the meeting and it was decided not to take names as it would divert attention from the issues of blackmoney and corruption.However, Kejriwal on Monday said, \"There was no protocol that said we cannot take names. When I took the names during the speech, I got a chit saying I cannot take names. I was not told that names could not be taken.\"He said he was not keeping well for the past few days and he sought permission from Hazare and Ramdev to leave the place as he had to take medicines. \"I asked them whether I should sit there after taking medicines, they said no,\" he said.\"Ramdev is a saint. He thinks philosophically that we should not take names and we should only talk about issues. He is also correct and I am also correct,\" he said.His claim came as cracks appeared on the newly-forged Ramdev-Anna Hazare combine after Kejriwal made an abrupt exit.On Sunday night, Ramdev had issued a statement, \"We wish to run the movement with dignity. We do not want to take names and divert the attention from the issue.\"Both the sides downplayed the incident claiming that Kejriwal, who is a diabetic, left the venue due to his health condition and there were no differences between the two groups which had come together two months ago after a year.The drama unfolded at Jantar Mantar, the fast venue, immediately after Kejriwal attacked Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and his Cabinet colleagues whom Team Anna had accused of indulging in corruption and mentioned the names of Mulayam Singh Yadav , Lalu Prasad Yadav , Jayalalithaa and Mayawati.Hazare on Sunday appeared to defend Kejriwal and mentioned his close aide's speech. \"Arvind has just said people with cases against them are sitting in Parliament...to stop this, we must use right to reject,\" he had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13790377", "title": "Mining resumes in Harmara area", "text": "JAIPUR: Just five days after a labourer was killed and several others had a narrow escape in Harmara area, villagers alleged that unsafe mining practices have resumed in over 50 licensed stone mines in the area. They said that though only a couple of mines have permission to use explosives, that too in a very regulated way, almost all mines are carrying out blasts instead of breaking stones manually.The villagers alleged that the administration and police are acting in connivance with mining mafia.Mining engineer, Jaipur, SN Shaktawat told TOI that immediately after the mishap on May 29, which claimed the life of one labourer, the approach road to the mine where a stone had collapsed and four others surrounding it had been barricaded so that vehicles used in transportation of mining products could not ply on them. Besides, notices have been issued to these five mines as part of the process to terminate their licenses. The police had arrested two owners of the mine where the mishap had taken place. The two are presently under judicial custody.However, Ramlal Yadav, a former sapanch said that the hilly terrain connecting Dadar and Naradpura has become a menace for villagers living in the area.\"The mining department has stopped operations at five mines, but what about 50 others mines where unsafe mining work is still going unabated,\" said Yadav.ADM, Jaswant Yadav said that notices have been issued to all the mines in the area. \"These mine owners have been asked to properly follow the mining norms and warned of serious consequences if explosives were used illegally. Only a couple of mines has permission to use explosives for breaking stones. Others have to do it manually,\" said the officer.The officer said that the local officers including patwari and gram sevaks have been asked to keep a tab on explosions and immediately act upon any complaint received from the villagers. \"We had been informed of use of explosives on Sunday also and immediately rushed teams of police and revenue department to verify it, but nothing was found on the spot,\" said the officer.Almost two FIRs in connection with illegal mining are being lodged everyday in various police stations of the district in an indication that mafia have not left untouched even the city's surrounding areas.The reports of illegal mining in the state had forced chief minister Ashok Gehlot to call an emergency meeting of his cabinet colleagues and senior administration officers recently. Illegal mining in Alwar's Bhiwadi area had claimed lives of five labourers. Gehlot had instructed chief secretary C K Mathew to take action against the collector or the district police chief where illegal mining is taking place and ensure that safety measures for workers are in place in the recognized mines. In a mining mishap in Rajsamand recently, three labourers were killed. Though the mine was legal, no safety norms were being followed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13792968", "title": "People's forums oppose land acquisition for national highways widening", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A coordination committee of people's forums opposing the widening of national highways to 45 metres staged a protest at Kazhakkoottam on Friday against the decision to acquire land to widen the Kazhakkoottam-Thuravoor stretch of the national highway.A day after the notification was made by the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI), the coordination committee, including NH-17 action council and NH-47 action forum, burnt the copies of the notification.\"We are not against road widening. But the government's motive is to help the real estate mafia along the stretches. We are demanding that the road should only be widened up to 30 metre, for which land has already been acquired,\" said M Shajir Khan, district convener of the NH-47 action forum.The first all-party meeting which was held in the state in 2010 to discuss and reach a consensus on the road development had agreed on 30 metre wide highways in the state, rejecting the centre's proposal for 45 metre highways. \"Our demand is to uphold and follow the decision taken in the first all-party meeting,\" said Khan.He said that according to the parameters of the International Road Congress, a lane should be 3.5 metre wide, which including all other requirements like median and paved shoulders would come to only 22 metres. \"If constructed scientifically, 30 metres is enough for a six-lane road,\" he said.The government has offered a slew of sops for those who are ready to handover the land for road widening. It includes six times the market value of land, three cents for the families which do not have any other land and whose annual income is less than Rs 75, 000 and bearing the expense for demolition of the house.The action forum alleges that the government's offer couldnot be trusted as the government had not even identified the land to rehabilitate the people who would be displaced by the land acquisition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13808027", "title": "Looking at young protagonists for my projects: Seeman", "text": "He may have been arrested for his inflammatory speeches in the recent past, but actor-director Seeman is still looking to complete his pending projects, which will portray his grouses against the dysfunctional society through the eyes of the protagonist.\"I am looking for two new heroes for my two projects Pagalavan and Kobam , which will both be based on the protagonist's fight against a highly dysfunctional society,\" he says.Ilayathalapathy Vijay, who had initially signed onto play the lead role in Pagalavan , backed out citing other commitments due to the delay.\"I had also approached Chiyaan Vikram to play the lead role in Kobam , but he refused. I am looking to cast either Arya, Vishal or Jiiva in Pagalavan, and Jiiva would be my first choice,\" he stresses.Talking about the need to bring out revolutionary cinema in the country, Seeman says that it is very tough to bring out controversial issues due to the stringent rules of the censor board.\"The creative liberty enjoyed by directors here is not half as much as that in countries like the USA, and that is very essential for a director to convey his message effectively. My movies will be hard-hitting, as I myself have been a victim of issues like corruption, disobedience of rules and violence, which have become so prevalent in our society,\" he rues.Seeman will next be seen playing the role of a police inspector in Ram Subbaraman's K andupidi Kandupidi , likely to release this month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13795469", "title": "Two contractors allege non-payment, lodge FIRs", "text": "LUCKNOW: Two FIRs were lodged on Sunday by two contractors in connection with outstanding payments to various contractors and agencies associated with the installation of statues and idols of elephants at various parks and memorials across UP. The two contractors have accused a private concern associated with the project of grabbing their payments worth Rs 4 lakh.A case has been registered in this regard with the Gomtinagar police by Mara Prakash and Laxmi Narain - both businessmen from Agra who had undertaken contracts to make stone idols and statues. In their complaint, the two have accused Gayatri Traders of Para Road in Talkatora of awarding them contracts for making, carving and polishing statues of elephants in which the stone was provided by the company extending the contract.After the entire contract was executed, both of them were paid Rs 14.62 lakh each as per the quotations of the contractors. However allegations are that the agency held back a payment of Rs 2 lakh of each of the contractors on grounds payments were yet to be cleared by the state government. Later, the agency allegedly refused to make further payments and also threatened the contractors of dire consequences, if they bothered it again.Meanwhile, Devendra Singh, owner of Gayatri Traders claimed that the two complainants have not finished a part of the job for which he had to hire additional hands who were paid Rs 2 lakh to get the pending work of each of the two contractors, completed. He also alleged that each of the two complainants have been demanding Rs 2 lakh from him and threatening him over phone to get him booked in a police case.Singh said that he has a number of telephonic conversation recordings to establish his allegation that the two have been threatening him for the payment, which had already been spent on getting the job completed, which they were suppose to finish. He said that he had told the two about it in the very beginning but the contractors were now trying arm-twisting techniques to make him pay the amount that is not due at all. tnnPolice said investigations are underway and action will be initiated, if the allegations levelled by the two complainants are found to be true. \"We are going through the contract details to confirm the mode of settlement the two sides have agreed upon in case of unfinished job. Once the investigators are through with this, the investigating officer will decide on the future course of action to follow,\" said inspector general of police, Ashutosh Pandey.It may be mentioned here that the name of Gayatri Traders has figured as one of the main agencies, which got the statues and idols supplied to the government for the parks and memorials that have come up during Mayawati's regime.Investigations into the very first case related to misappropriations in supply and installation of these statues that was lodged on May 2, 2012 by Madan Lal, have revealed that Gayatri Traders was involved in the chain. Its credentials were not scanned at that time, as there was no allegation against this agency in the complaint lodged by Madan Lal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13788758", "title": "New anthem for the Kolkata Knight Riders?", "text": "KOLKATA: 'Korbo Lorbo Jeetbo Re' may be on its way out and the victorious Knights may soon get a new anthem.Kolkata Knight Riders (KKR) insiders say this was expected after the resounding success of the team this year. So, Team SRK is once again aiming for a song that will go viral the moment it is out. 'Korbo Lorbo...' too had gained a lot of popularity among cricket fans for its peppy lyrics and tune and the video featuring SRK, who egged his team on to win in a song-and-dance sequence.The four key words of 'Korbo Lorbo Jeetbo Re' had been coined by filmmaker Sujoy Ghosh, who has now become a cine-goers' favourite with \"Kahaani\". He had even lent his voice to the song along with Shankar Mahadevan.The rest of the song was in Hindi, punctuated by the four Bengali words as refrains. The tune was set by popular Bollywood duo Vishal-Shekhar. The new song is right now being designed in Mumbai and KKR insiders say that this time, too, there will be some catchy Bengali words and Ghosh is expected to coin them this time, too.What is most interesting is that international pop singer Akon will be roped in for the rap that is expected to dominate the new song.'Decision taken after win'Akon had sung the hugely popular 'Chhammak Chhallo' in Shah Rukh Khan's 'Ra.One' and since then, the singer and the actor have been known to be good friends.Both KKR and Team SRK, however, are tight-lipped about the new song. \"These are issues to do with entertainment and are usually decided by SRK's team in Mumbai. KKR does not decide these things. I am neither in a position to deny nor confirm this news,\" said KKR spokesperson Joy Bhattacharya from Delhi.SRK's secretary Karuna Badwal, too, did not wish to confirm the news \"just yet\". However, a KKR insider said the decision was taken soon after the win by the exuberant SRK himself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13795817", "title": "Government to spend 75% budget on populist schemes", "text": "LUCKNOW: Will chief minister Akhilesh Yadav's projected 10% growth rate in his maiden budget bring about a transformation in UP? The answer reveals as much as it conceals. Pragmatically, the target of double digit growth seems too far a reality. At least, this is the picture emerging after a review of the budget, which economists have described as \"politically sound, but economically inadequate\".Akhilesh represents a generational change. This is reflective of his style and evident by his attempt to blend the old with the new. Given the fact that the budget has been prepared in less than two months of initial hiccups and teething troubles of a new government, Akhilesh can be credited for his fast track initiative.However, the hinge side of his budget is the preference given to political goals over long-lasting development strategy. The revenue expenditure, also called 'consumption budget' in economic parlance, is projected to be at whopping Rs 1,52,963.61 crore. This roughly works out to be 75% of the total budget expenditure of Rs 2,00,110.61 crore. And if the past trend is any indication, then the revenue expenditure is set to increase in the revised estimate, which is calculated at the end of the financial year.This implies that more than 75% of the total budget is intended to fund populist schemes like unemployment allowance, saris to poor, laptops/PCs to students and a host of others. The fund incurred this way would be consumed by beneficiaries without any contribution to the net growth in real sense.Contrary to this, the target is far too less for the capital expenditure, which is the real engine for growth. This is pegged at Rs 47,147 crore, i.e, 23% of the total budget. Capital expenditure goes in a big way to capital generation and asset formations. It increases productivity and also acts as a driver for multifarious economic activities. Thus, the increase in capital expenditure would have helped the state achieve its projected growth rate and create jobs for unemployed, besides increasing the per capita income and providing sustainable long-term development. However, this is missing in the budget and this way, it is not much different from the practice pursued mainly in the post-Mandal era of competitive politics that has thrived largely on castes and other soft options.Apart from this, the policies announced in the budget are thinly spread. In this context, the most important are power sector reforms, which need to be addressed urgently. The total loss incurred by Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation Limited is over Rs 13,000 crore. This, despite Rs 70,000 crore pumped into it by successive governments in the last 15 years. The tariff revision has been put on hold and there is no indication of any decisive measure in the budget to check power theft, poor recovery of dues and improvement in generation. Likewise, not much is promised to improve the industrial climate and restore the confidence of investors, who are reluctant to choose UP as their destination.The lopsided priority is another drawback of the budget. For instance, the government has proposed to open 26 new degree colleges, while ignoring to improve the working of existing ones. Most of these colleges are grappling with financial crisis. Similarly, nothing much has been said about the quality improvement in primary schools, where complaints about teachers remaining absent are rampant. This also holds true for the primary health centres (PHC), which often function without doctors, para-medical staff and medicines. This is why these institutions are held poor in public perception and government's statistics also show that only 10% people in rural areas visit these centres for treatment.UP needs to emulate the Bihar model where chief minister Nitish Kumar has worked assiduously to improve the quality of primary schools and PHCs and made them as one of calling cards of good governance. This has proved rewarding to the people of Bihar as well as for Nitish Kumar, who was voted back to power for second consecutive term.Most of the schemes announced in UP Budget are of soft nature. There are chances of leakages in their implementation, as this has already been the case with several existing schemes like pension to widows, physically challenged, scholarship to students, etc. Thus, actual beneficiaries are only a fraction of the total targeted population and the result is that the schemes fail to make the requisite impact. However, the budget lacks in measures aimed at correcting the defective delivery mechanism, which is the root cause of distress of people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13788768", "title": "MBA hatched plot to pre-empt backlash", "text": "NEW DELHI: Vikas Dagar alias Vicky (28) was to leave for Ireland this year as he had been selected for a scholarship in an MBA programme in Dublin University. But last year he had assaulted MLA Bharat Singh over a 'personal enmity' and the fear that Singh would avenge the attack troubled Vicky so much that he hatched a plan to eliminate the MLA forever, police said.Vicky, along with his friends, was arrested on Sunday for attempting to kill Bharat. Vicky's friends - Sumeet Singh, a transporter, Virender Sehrawat, a DTC employee, and Kuldeep Mittal - are first-time offenders, said police.A resident of Jharoda Kalan village, Vicky had reportedly thrashed the MLA last year over 'personal enmity', police said. The brother of strongman Kishan Pehelwan, Bharat did not report the incident to police but he was asking Vicky to apologize in the village panchayat. Singh had even sent messages to Vicky, through indirect channels, to acknowledge the mistake, Vicky told investigators.An apology was, however, not acceptable to Vicky. After beating up the MLA in June last year, sources say, Vicky was virtually hiding in his house for a few months. His fear grew manifold after the municipal elections as his rivals became more powerful with the victory of Kishen and his wife.Vicky had finished his graduation in Hindi (H) from Ram Lal Anand College, DU, and completed his MBA from Sikkim Manipal University. Vicky's father is a sanitary inspector in the erstwhile Municipal Corporation of Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13814202", "title": "The real drive behind Ferrari Ki Sawari...", "text": "Where did the idea of Ferrari Ki Sawari actually originate?Vidhu Vinod Chopra's Ferrari Ki Sawari is all set to release next Friday. The Ferrari is already making a lot of noise but do you know what was the real driving force that led to the brainchild behind this film?Sharman Joshi who plays the male lead of the film reveals the story behind it that happened almost a decade back. The director of the film, Rajesh Mapuskar, was a production person then, working for an ad firm. \"Once as a part of his job he was asked to arrange for a Ferrari car for one of his ad shoots. He was being offered a hell lot of money for the task and while he assumed it to be an easy task, his boss said she knew what she was doing\", divulges Sharman.Back then there were only two Ferraris in the city. \"And nobody was willing to give it for an ad shoot. Rajesh had a good two months to arrange for the automobile and just two days before the ad shoot he was still without a Ferrari\", says Sharman. \"He felt so miserable that day that he wanted to jump off the roof of CST station. That is where the germ of the idea for the story of Ferrari Ki Sawari came from\".While the film is about getting hold of a Ferrari, Mapuskar also uses the expensive car as a metaphor for reaching ones larger-than-life dreams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13790432", "title": "Dara Singh's wife says will go for appeal, pins hope on apex court", "text": "JAIPUR: The widow and brother of history-sheeter Dara Singh, who was killed in an encounter in Jaipur outskirts in 2006, expressed displeasure on the recent order of the district court absolving BJP leader Rajendra Singh Rathore of all charges in the encounter case.Addressing a press conference on Sunday, they said that they were sure that the apex court would help them get justice.\"The district and sessions court has done injustice to us by absolving all charges against Rathore. However, it's one court's decision ... there are other courts where we will appeal. Our faith lies in the Supreme Court,'' Dara's brother Sheeshram told reporters.Dara's wife Susheela added: \"Rathore has killed my husband and we hope to get justice from other courts.\"\"Our family and the witnesses in this case are being threatened by Rathore and his aides and the state government is doing nothing to ensure our safety,\" said Sheeshram.\"This is the first time when an accused facing charges of 120-B (criminal conspiracy) to be read with Section 302 (murder) was discharged even before the trial. We also believe that CBI has also facilitated him as he was not properly questioned by them,\" said Sheeshram.He added that they will file an appeal against the court order. \"We believe that a case, which is being monitored by the Supreme Court, will be dealt with seriously.\"President, Rajasthan Jat Mahasabha, Rajaram Meel alleged that influential people of Rajput community teamed up to help Rathore. \"It appears that caste politics helped Rathore. We even believe that some politicians of Congress are also facilitating Rathore,'' alleged Meel.He demanded that the state government provide a job to the kin of Dara Singh and also ex gratia. \"If they can do it for the children of Bhanwari Devi , they should also do it for his (Dara Singh's) kin as he was eliminated by government machinery.\"Commenting on Rathore's statement in which he had termed Meel as \"liquor mafia\", he said: \"I was into liquor business legally. I mean I was getting annual contract from the state government. Why he termed me as \"mafia\"? I am going to file a defamation suit against him.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13803721", "title": "Akshay Kumar\u2019s Spanish treat", "text": "On June 2, Sonakshi Sinha turned 25. And her Rowdy Rathore co-star Akshay Kumar threw a big bash to celebrate her special day. And that too in a yetto-be-launched restaurant in a Juhu 5-star.Considering Akki is the brand ambassador of the Spanish eatery in question, the management agreed to host the party.The guestlist included the birthday girl's parents Shatrughan and Poonam Sinha, Akki's wife Twinkle sporting a baby bump, Rowdy director Prabhu Dheva and also co-producer Shabina Khan .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "13790378", "title": "Spurt in malaria cases in May put health department in a fix", "text": "JAISALMER: Besides the maximum number of heat stroke patients, there has been a surprise spurt in malaria cases in Jaisalmer district. In last month alone, the number of patients with P V malaria has crossed 100 with Pokhran sub-division reporting maximum number of cases.The increase in cases of malaria at a time when mercury is above 45 degrees has been a cause of concern. If medical science is to be believed, malaria cases rise after the rainy season. Mosquitoes do not spread during severe heat conditions.Though the sudden increase of cases in the midst of a sweltering summer has put health department in a fix, officials claim that the situation cannot be considered as a serious one because people who had suffered from malaria earlier again develop it.According to government hospital records, malaria was found in 65-70 people in May. But private hospitals have also received almost equal number of cases in the same month.In the beginning of May, there was not a single case of malaria registered, but in the second week, 15 people became victim of the ailment.In the third week, there was sudden spurt in cases and the number went up to 35, but in the fourth week, the incidence came down a little.Life in the desert district was badly affected due to severe heat that starts at 9 am and continues till late night.Each and every household is suffering from seasonal diseases. People are mostly affected by heat stroke along with vomiting, diarrhea and fever. Snake and dog bites are also common.Jaisalmer district has been declared as high risk area for malaria. Many a time, malaria proves fatal. The medical department is surprised that malaria cases are coming to light during the peak summer season. If the rising trend of the incidence continues, after rains this would spread like an epidemic in the entire district.Chief medical and health officer Anand Gopal Purohit said it is true that more number of malaria patients are coming during the summer season, but there is nothing to panic.He said the situation is under control. The entire department has been alerted so that during rains this does not turn out to be big health concern.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13788793", "title": "Govt won\u2019t relent on 5% VAT on CNG, says Sheila Dikshit", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi chief minister on Sunday ruled out any rollback of the 5% VAT on CNG proposed in this year's budget. CM Sheila Dikshit, while speaking to media persons, reiterated that the government would not succumb to pressure from the opposition benches to defer the tax on CNG.While presenting the budget last week, Dikshit had proposed to impose the VAT on CNG to generate around Rs 110 crore in revenue while withdrawing VAT on the increased component of petrol. The Delhi Assembly will take up the budget for approval on Monday.The VAT will push the CNG price from the present Rs 35.45 per kg to Rs 37.20 per kg - a rise of Rs 1.77. Speaking about the tax proposal, Dikshit said, \"The VAT in some of the neighbouring states is quite high. Moreover, the financial burden on account of levying of VAT on CNG would be more on the government as we run the largest fleet of CNG buses.\"Besides BJP, a number of Congress MLAs have openly criticized the decision to impose VAT on CNG arguing that any increase in price of the fuel will result in hike in taxi and auto fare which will have a negative effect on the party ahead of next year's assembly polls.Several autorickshaw unions had gone on strike on Thursday demanding a hike in fares because of the increase in CNG prices. \"If Sheila Dikshit cares for the common man, then she must roll back the hike,\" said leader of opposition in Delhi Assembly, V K Malhotra.According to senior Congress officials, west Delhi MP Mahabal Mishra and around 15 Congress MLAs have demanded a roll back. Most of the party MLAs who opposed the imposition of VAT on CNG argued that any hike in the price of the fuel will result in rise in price of essential commodities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13795676", "title": "Collaboration to empower", "text": "While the use of technology in education is prominent in certain parts of India, most rural children are yet to experience it. A collaboration between Vodafone Foundation and Pratham Education Foundation ( PEF) will facilitate cloud-based technology solutions for underprivileged children across schools in India. The collaboration commits to provide learning solutions for over 50,000 underprivileged children. A successful pilot project has been conducted in schools across Karnataka, and the module will be replicated in Tamil Nadu , Maharashtra and Delhi.While Vodafone will provide internally developed software combined with the effects of mobile technology, Pratham will be responsible for informing schools, identifying needy, willing and eligible institutions, orienting teachers, and handholding classroom practices. Digital educational content, aligned to the prescribed curriculum, will be taught using low-cost internet devices that include tablets, smartphones and web box.The project targets schools that work in lowincome areas. In the initial stages, the programme will be established in government, private aided and/or unaided schools. Working on the feedback received, the module will be introduced to other schools as well.\"In a pilot project conducted in schools, our experience was that a significant majority of the parents in the villages did own a mobile phone, and basic technology, although they used it very sparingly. Even though the parents were not very familiar with using SMS, the children were very quick to grasp the nuances and were able to answer the questions presented. Insights gained from our experience with teachers, parents and students guided the product design, thereby providing an option to use SMS as a bearer for delivering the tests and updates as it is something available in any low-end mobile phone,\" shares Laura Turkington, director, Vodafone India Foundation.For technology intervention to be effective, it is critical for the teaching style to adapt to technological advances. Pratham Foundation will train teachers to use the solutions besides providing them with guidance on how to get the best out of technology. \"We are trying to contribute content that could be used effectively with the help of some content providers. As the project progresses, the foundation will suggest possible improvements and changes,\" says Madhav Chavan, chief executive officer, Pratham.The project has a modular component called V-School that will be used by teachers to track attendance, exam schedules, provide updates to parents, and keep track of a child's progress. This facility will be accessible via the web box, a simple, compact Android device that connects to any regular TV to provide innovative learning solutions. The schools will be provided with a web box, and other necessary equipment that would make administrative as well as educational functioning easy. The collaboration, beginning June 2012, looks at establishing technology-based learning in over 1,000 schools in India over the next three years.PROJECT OFFERA system to track attendance, grades and other administrative requirements Safe access to internet to explore digital content related to curriculum SMS multiple choice tests for childrenFor more exclusive stories on technology enabled learning, check out the anniversary edition, 'Appsolute Learning,' circulated with today's edition of Education Times", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13802437", "title": "Huge set for Pawan Kalyan\u2019s new movie", "text": "Power star Pawan Kalyan's upcoming movie \" Cameraman Gangatho Rambabu\" is done with the pre production work and the shooting would commence from June 15. The crew of \"Cameraman Gangatho Rambabu\" has erected a special set at Saradhi studios, where the unit films major part of the first schedule. Director Puri Jagannath is teaming up with Pawan Kalyan after 12 years and this formidable combo has already raised the expectations on the film. Tamannah is the leading lady while Prakash Raj is playing an important role.Devi Sri Prasad, who has already given hit numbers for Pawan Kalyan's earlier films like \"Jalsa\" and \"Gabbar Singh\", will be once again composing tunes for the film, which is produced by DVV Danayya under Universal media banner. \"Cameraman Gangatho Rambabu\" was launched earlier in March and the film is slated for October 18 release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13792494", "title": "National Institute of Technology Karnataka sways to nightlong musical extravaganza", "text": "MANGALORE: It was a gala time for thousands of classical music buffs, who flocked from different parts of the country to witness the overnight classical music concert at National Institute of Technology Karnataka (NIT-K) auditorium in Surathkal. The overnight concert, organized by the Society for the Promotion of Indian Classical Music and Culture Amongst Youth (SpicMacay) as part of its six-day 27th national convention and musical extravaganza, kicked off on Saturday at 9pm and concluded on Sunday at 8am. Pandits Rajan and Sajan Mishra opened the programme . Six music troupes enthralled the packed audience from dusk to dawn. P Kirthana, a BA in sociology student from Bangalore and who has been learning classical music for the past two years told TOI, \"I could learn more about classical music through this concert.\" Deepansha, a class XII student from Meerut, Uttar Pradesh, who is huge fan of pop and rock music said the experience was soul stirring. \"I came to attend the concert because it was held overnight. I was listening to mandolin for the first time. I think this concert will transform me from a rock fan to Hindustani music fan.'' While everybody was enjoying music Shrikanth, an amateur photographer pursuing photography course in Ooty was busy clicking photos. \"As an amateur photographer it was an amazing experience to capture noted artists in action and such a huge crowd in my camera.\" The night saw performances of Pandits Rajan and Sajan Mishra (Hindustani vocal), Vidwan U Srinivas (Carnatic mandolin), Ustad Shahid Pervez Khan (sitar), Vidwan T V Gopalkrishnan (Carnatic vocal), Ustad Wasifuddin Dagar (Dhrupad), Pt Venkatesh Kumar (Hindustani vocal).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13796033", "title": "Fellowship rates increased", "text": "The Alexander von Humboldt Foundation is increasing its fellowship rates for research fellows coming to Germany. From December 1, post-docs will receive 2,650 euros instead of 2,250 euros a month, and experienced scientists and scholars 3,150 euros instead of 2,450 euros a month. In all, the average fellowship rates for researchers from abroad will rise by approximately 18 and 29% respectively. Also, there will be new allowances for families and single parents. They will receive 400 euros a month for the first and 100 euros for each additional child.According to secretary general, Enno Aufderheide , this increase in fellowship rates in 10 years is necessary in order to remain internationally competitive .\"A Humboldt Fellowship is highly respected internationally , and reputation is ultimately money in academia. But our renown alone can no longer make up for the difference between ours and the higher offers of other countries,\" says Aufderheide . Adding to it, he says, \"We are also pleased that we will be able to give our fellows more money for childcare in the future. Work-life balance and equal opportunities are also important in academia , and matter greatly to us.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "prathipadu", "code": "13788987", "title": "Prathipadu bypolls: Candidates' fate may hinge on women voters", "text": "PRATHIPADU: Women voters in Prathipadu constituency will play a major role in deciding the fate of the candidates in the crucial by-election. Mekathoti Sucharitha, YSR Congress nominee, is the lone woman candidate in the fray while Kandukuri Veeraiah (TDP) and TJR Sudhakar Babu (Congress) are keen to give a tough fight to her.Sucharitha can take solace from the fact that women voters outnumber men in all the five mandals of the constituency. Of the total electorate of 2,12,880, women voters constitute 1,08,991 against the male electorate of 1,03,889. \"Women voters will vote for Sucharitha as she quit the assembly in support of farmers. Campaign by Vijayamma and Sharmila would bring more votes for her,\" Rathamsetty Ramanjaneyulu, YSR Congress leader, said.Sucharitha is the first woman legislator to represent Prathipadu since independence. A post-graduate in commerce, Sucharitha had earlier served as ZPTC member and became an MLA in 2009 elections, defeating her TDP rival by 2,000 votes. Prathipadu is an SC reserved constituency with 50,000 SC votes. Malas constitute around 36,000 and Madigas 14,000. While Sucharitha and Sudhakar are Malas, Veeraiah belongs to Madiga community.Guntur rural mandal consists of around 77,000 voters, which could be crucial to the winning chances of the candidates. Guntur rural mandal has been a Congress stronghold as it has more than 35,000 Kapu voters. It after Vangaveeti Radhakrishna of YSR Congress started touring the villages and interacting with Kapu leaders. TDP leaders took chief Chandrababu Naidu to Lalupuram, a Kapu-dominant village, during his visit. From Congress, minister Kanna Lakshminarayana is shouldering the burden of keeping the Kapu vote intact.Women voters outnumber men in all the five mandals. Of the total electorate of 2,12,880, women voters constitute 1,08,991 against the male electorate of 1,03,889.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13792927", "title": "Mallya fails to see garbage in capital", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Mayor K Chandrika and her team might be throwing their hands in despair over the garbage piles in the city. But a tweet from a famous industrialist will surely flood their eyes with tears of joy.Two days after Vijay Mallya left the city after being here to attend a function, he awed at the cleanliness of the capital city. His tweet read, \"Was in Thiruvananthapuram. Neat and clean city as compared to other state capitals\". Vijay Mallya who is also the president of the Aeronautical Society of India (ASI) was in the city to address the 63rd annual general body meeting of the ASI held here on Friday.Ironically his tweet has appeared at a time when Thiruvananthapuram corporation failed to grab even a consolation prize in the list of honours announced by state pollution control board, a day ago. Meanwhile, Mallya was also overwhelmed by the Sree Padmanabhaswamy temple. He tweeted, \"Visited the Sri Padmanabhaswamy temple. Divinely awesome.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13790616", "title": "Showers skip Ahmedabad, drench Gandhinagar", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Late on Sunday evening relatively cool winds caressed Ahmedabad, raising hopes of a shower among citizens assailed by the unrelenting heat.Many Amdavadi commuters looked up to the night sky, trying to decipher the weather signals of the heavens.However, rains eluded the city and it was Gandhinagar which was lavished with a wet spell.Residents of the state capital enjoyed the reprieve from the sweltering conditions, with many coming out on the streets to celebrate.Scores of families which had just finished dinner and were about to retire, decided to take a stroll.In Ahmedabad, however, the normal dry conditions took hold again and residents prepared for another scorching night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13795483", "title": "Communities to draw up local schools' RTE needs", "text": "PANAJI: Goa's finally geared up to make schools compliant with provisions of the central government's Right to Education (RTE) Act, 2009. This time, local communities will be involved in the campaign to draw up the neighbourhood school's requirements.The Goa Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA) is preparing to launch Shiksha Ka Haq Abhiyan in Goa from June, where trained NSS cadets and higher secondary school principals will visit in teams, schools in each neighbourhood designated to them and hold discussions with the school staff and local community members to draw the requirement of the school to become compliant to the provisions of the RTE by January, 2013.\"Higher secondary school principals and two NSS programme officers will be trained at first, on whom the onus will lie of mobilizing the NSS volunteers in various schools across Goa to achieve the objective of the drive to create community awareness about the provisions of RTE, which is about the legal entitlement to basic education for children upto the age of 14,\" Goa SSA project director, Farell Furtado, said.A total of 2,460 NSS volunteers from 82 higher secondary schools across Goa are expected to be trained in a two-day workshop, where the training programme would be limited to 100 per batch. After the training, every two volunteers will be assigned one primary school.Meetings will then be conducted in 1,500 government and aided primary and upper primary schools where head of the village education committee or the school management committee and members from the local communities will also be involved.While Goa SSA has made a budget provision of Rs 4.92 lakh for the training of the volunteers, another Rs 3 lakh has been provided to hold the meetings in each schools.\"The details of the survey tools to gather the information will be finalized along with the director of education by mid-June. The full-day workshop to train the higher secondary principals and NSS coordinators will be conducted soon after for North Goa and South Goa. The batch-wise training of NSS volunteers will begin by the fourth week of June and the exercise is expected to be completed by July,\" Furtado said.The campaign will cover 905 schools in North Goa and 595 in South Goa starting from last week of July.\"With the help of a questionnaire to be developed by us, volunteers will check if the schools are meeting the major provisions of the RTE Act. A second workshop will be held for the principals and the NSS coordinators in January 2013 to explain the methodologies to compile the data gathered. The data gathered will then be compiled to prepare a report for us to analyze the extent of RTE compliant schools,\" Furtado said.The campaign is set to be flagged off by chief minister Manohar Parrikar by July end after completion of three training programmes.\"The law gives states time upto 2013 to ensure that infrastructure and other such provisions to meet the requirements of the RTE. We are hoping that a sustained campaign at the community level will ensure that the RTE delivers,\" Furtado said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "bhavnagar", "code": "13793569", "title": "Bhavnagar to celebrate 100th birth anniversary of poet Nathalal Dave", "text": "BHAVNAGAR: Family members and citizens of Bhavnagar are celebrating the 100th birth anniversary of noted poet and short story writer late Nathalal Dave, who was born on June 3, 1912 in Bhavnagar. According to his son Nirubhai Dave, there are over 22 books to his credit.Nathalal's first book of poems 'Kalindi' was published in 1942. His creations 'Jhanvi', 'Anurag', 'Upadrava', 'Mukhva' and 'Halve Hathe' are popular even today. Dave's 'Jhanvi' and 'Upadrava' won accolades from state government too.His last book was an obituary to Guru Rabindranath Tagore called 'Ravindra Vaibhav' which was published in 1985.Dave's collection of short stories, 'Shikhar ne Pele Par', was received very well by the readers.\"To mark his 100th birthday, we have planned various literary programmes in Bhavnagar. The first in the series will be a Kavi Sammelan in September this year. We will also organize musical nights, Hashya Darbar and other events,\" said Nirubhai.Nathalal was education inspector and retired as principal of BEd College in Mangrol. He died in December 1995.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "it's legendary singer s p balasubramaniam's birthday today. artists and his fans from the tinsel town are singing praises about the great singer's contribution to the music industry. music composer thaman greeted the singer on his birthday with a tweet , \"many many more happy returns to my guru shri sp balasubramaniam gaaru ", "code": "13813714", "title": "SPB broke South Indian accent myth", "text": "It's legendary singer S P Balasubramaniam's birthday today. Artists and his fans from the tinsel town are singing praises about the great singer's contribution to the music industry. Music composer Thaman greeted the singer on his birthday with a tweet , \"Many many more happy returns to my guru Shri SP Balasubramaniam gaaru :) wish him great health and more &amp; more superhit songs :)\"SPB or Balu as he's fondly known in the music circles has rendered over 40,000 songs in several Indian languages including Kannada, Telugu, Tamil, Hindi and Malayalam. He is known for his voice modulations and became a household name in Bollywood after singing for Salman Khan in movies like Maine Pyar Kiya , Hum Aapke Hai Kaun and Saajan . When he was chosen to lend his golden voice for Salman's romantic numbers in the movie, many a critics were skeptical. However, SPB proved them all wrong by emerging successful. The singer-actor said in an interview that singing in Hindi wasn't a challenge for him as opposed to the myth surrounding South Indians' funny accent in Hindi.The singer holds the record of having sung the most number of songs for any male playback singer in the world.Here's wishing him a wonderful birthday and many more songs to his credit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "13791175", "title": "National Hydroelectric Power Corporation gets Central Elelctricty Authority concurrence for Tawang projects", "text": "ITANAGAR: The National Hydroelectric Power Corporation (NHPC) has obtained CEA ( Central Elelctricty Authority)'s concurrence for the 600MW Tawang-I and the 800MW Tawang-II projects in Arunachal Pradesh. Environment clearances have also been accorded by the Union environment and forest ministry for both these projects, a statement said on Sunday.The communique also informed that the corporation has achieved its highest ever net profit of Rs 2771.77 crore during the year 2011-12 - a 27.93% increase over the previous year. It registered sales of Rs 5509.65 crore against Rs 4,046.59 crore last year.Stating that the Corporation achieved cumulative sales realization of Rs 4,415 crore against Rs 3,619 crore last year, the statement said it generated 18,683 million units (MUs) against a target of 18,500. In 2010-11, the corporation had achieved a generation of 18,606 MU. NHPC has proposed a final dividend of 70 paise for financial year 2011-12. However, it paid a dividend of Rs 738.04 crore to shareholders at the rate of 60 paise per equity share, including Rs 637.40 crore to the Government of India, for 2010-11.The statement added that the Centre has conveyed its approval for change in object (clause 1a) of Memorandum of Association of NHPC which inter-alia allows the corporation to plan, promote and organize an integrated and efficient development of power in all its aspects through conventional and non-conventional sources in India and abroad.NHPC has undertaken a number of community development initiatives under CSR and spent about Rs10 crore for this purpose during 2011-12. Major activities included skill development/vocational training programs, training for self-employment, adoption of ITIs, distribution of scholarships to SC/ST students, organizing health camps, constructing toilets for women etc, the statement added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13795033", "title": "One more police station to be set up on Kanadia Road", "text": "INDORE: State home minister Uma Shankar Gupta announced to set up one more police station on Kanadia Road here on Sunday. He was speaking after inaugurating the new government quarters for police. The station will be equipped with all modern equipment, said the minister.Indore MP Sumitra Mahajan presided over the programme while city mayor KM Moghe, MLAs Tulsi Silawat and Jeetu Jirati, MP Housing Corporation chairman VM Kanwar, IGP Anuradha Shankar and SSP A Sai Manohar were also present on the occasion.Though an amount of Rs 5.95 crore was sanctioned for constructing police quarters, the housing project was completed in Rs 5.15 crore. Gupta instructed to use the remaining Rs 80 lakh to build 10 new residential premises for the police officials in Indore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13789983", "title": "Heritage building in Fort repaired or illegally rebuilt?", "text": "MUMBAI: A tenant of the Thomas Cook building in Fort has accused the travel firm of demolishing and rebuilding a part of the Grade-II heritage structure without the permission of the Mumbai Heritage Conservation Committee (MHCC).The city has been without a functional heritage committee since July 2011.Thomas Cook (India) Ltd (TCIL) began the repairs in 2010. MHCC member Vikas Dilawari does not recollect receiving a proposal from the firm.Advocate Ashok Pratap, who has levelled these charges, juxtaposed old photographs of the building with those taken as work was in progress to show that a portion of the facade was destroyed and rebuilt in a modern way. Pratap has obtained documents under the Right To Information Act to show that civic permission was sought for minor repair, not full-scale renovation, and the heritage committee was bypassed.Some of old balcony railings were removed, some of which Pratap \"obtained for use to preserve\" in his office.Thomas Cook, however, maintained that the facade was not touched and accused the lawyer of renovating his premises as well. Ashwin Pardesi, general manager, administration, said the repairs were carried out at the instance of the civic authorities who determined that the building was in \"ruinous condition\". The BMC wrote to the firm asking it to repair the passage, change the roof and replace old pipes. In its letter, the BMC had told the firm to secure appropriate sanctions from MHCC.Pardesi said, \"After work commenced, we observed that urgent repairs were essential to prevent loss of damage to property and people. We had no recourse but to attend to it immediately. Work was undertaken under the supervision of a licensed municipal structural engineering consultant, and in the area of the internal chowk.\"TCIL attributes Pratap's allegations to an eviction notice served on him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13792549", "title": "Birsa Institute of Technology (Trust) job fair a hit", "text": "RANCHI: The multi industry two-day job fair organized at Birsa Institute of Technology (Trust) at Getlatu was a huge success among students who attended the fair from all across the region.\"Several reputed companies like Airtel and Kotak Mahindra participated in the fair. It was great opportunity for us that such a fair was being organized in our city where many students after passing out of college look for jobs. This is a good platform where youths can get employment and that, too, in reputed companies. I have submitted my biodata and sat for an interview with Airtel,\" said Arup, a BTech graduate in electronics and communication.The fair was one of the biggest organized in the city where, apart from companies like Airtel and Kotak Mahindra, many others including Glanark Info Solution, Global Innovsource participated. \"We need fresh young graduates. I'd say there is no dearth of jobs in the market. What matters is that students need to get their degree with proper education and skills required for the job market. The whole process is quite fair and transparent. There are spot offers for graduate-level students from BTech, BSc, BBA and others, post graduate-level like MBA, PGDM and MSc. There are jobs in the offing for students holding diploma in engineering courses,\" said a recruiter from Glanark Info Solution.BITT managing director Ranjeet Kumar, said: \"BITT will organize more such job fairs in the future so that unemployed youths from the region benefit from it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13792704", "title": "9 blind students to undergo surgeries", "text": "KANPUR:The authorities of district health department had decided to give eyesight to the students studying in 'Aandh Vidyalaya'. As many as nine students have been selected for treatment and surgeries till date.A special eye camp was organized by the district health department in 'Aandh Vidyalaya', where many students had undergone eye tests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13808744", "title": "Freshmen's faux-pas", "text": "College life is filled with quirky professors, fights during fests and library romances. Ruchi Chopda and Anishaa Sahijwala trail college corridors in Mumbai to find out some funny college bloopers freshers have committedJust when college is about to begin, your parents, siblings, counsellors, and well just about any and everyone will give you their supposedly crucial advice. They will tell you how important the transition from school to college is and that these years will be the golden years of your life. What no one will tell you though is that apart from being a milestone in education, college can be peculiarly rib-tickling at times. Read on to know some hilarious, quirky and discomforting stories.IMPERFECT PROFESSORS Colleges are a melting pot not only of students with a distinct fashion sense and accent, but also of professors as far apart from each other as chalk and cheese. So, watch out for a loud professor who will give you a 'spit'shower the minute he/ she speaks and the hilarious lanky fellow who the wind, in the corridor, in all likelihood will blow.Ketan Kundargi, a final year BMM student at KC College, shares an incident of a phony professor. He says, \"We had this very slow orator as our guest lecturer for 'Understanding Cinema'. One day, just to dissuade him from taking the class we engaged him in a pointless conversation. We asked him why he did not choose acting as a career. In a very grave and modest manner he responded, \"It's not my cup of tea. I'm better off understanding and teaching films than acting.\" Three days later while I was researching on the internet for some project, I was in for a funny shock! I came across a stay-young-at-40 edible oil ad and guess who it starred? Our humble professor with absolutely no interest in acting!\"Shonottra Kumar, a second year law student at Pravin Gandhi College of Law, shares another comical incident. She says, \"Our political science professor thought that she would go to jail for answering a spam call! Guess what her biggest worry was? - That the jail would not have mirrors and she wouldn't be able to brush her hair properly!\"CAMPUS CELEBRATIONS The first thought you would have while thinking of college is the number of 'special days' you will be celebrating. So be prepared to spend more time organising and participating in various \"days\" on campus than attending lectures. While most of these days make college life fun, there are times when careless goof ups can make you the butt of all jokes. Reminisces Nidhi Bubna, a TYBMS student from HR College, \"It so happened that it was my first chocolate day in college and we could dedicate chocolates to our friends, lovers or enemies. I was so excited that I decided to send out Perks to a few friends. When they received it, they wondered why I hated them. I was puzzled; it wasn't until I read the big chocolate chart which said, 'Give perk to the biggest Jerk' that I realised my folly. I couldn't stop laughing and till date, every perk I eat reminds me of that incident.\"College fests are yet another area of high priority in students' annual calendar. However, with all the trophies and victories come ugly fights. Ugly, only for the people invovled. Kumar advises, \"Catfights during college fests are the best part of these fests! Take a tub of popcorn and just sit back and watch all the catfights before and after the fest. You are sure to see the chair person (CP) of your college fest cry ever now and then. Once, the CP of our fest would cry every half an hour consistently over two days because things weren't turning out as planned.\"LOVE BYTES While interacting with the opposite sex is going to be a routine of your life at college, it is crucial to be careful about the who's who on campus. Yash Bhatia, a first-year BMM student at Lala's college, speaks about a classmate who had to bear the brunt for his naive ignorance. \"Once a good friend, who used to flirt in class with a girl he liked, suddenly found himself rusticated for a week! It turned out that the girl he was after was the daughter of our junior college's English professor! The class had a hearty laugh over this incident for a long time.\"CANTEEN KATTA Often, the first thing that comes to one's mind is the 'much talked of' canteen food! But before you plunge, Kumar gives a word of caution, \"Don't live on canteen food only. It will land you in the hospital.\" On the other hand, there are students whose day isn't complete without a bite of their favourite canteen dish. Harsh Kundnani, an ex-student of HR College recalls, \"Our college is known for its canteen food, specially Raju's chinese. Every FYJC student who entered college would thrive on plates full of schezuan rice and spicy manchurian until they reached satiety! The fact that so many students would crowd his stall during the first 2 months of college practically left us seniors with no food! Raju has this peculiar idea of pampering us with extra fried noodles and manchurian! Most food stalls would be left with little or no option for us to choose from.\"Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13788567", "title": "Civic polls \u2018peaceful\u2019 amid rigging row", "text": "KOLKATA: The state has witnessed a change in power, but whenever it catches the poll frenzy the allegations and counter allegations remain the same.During the polls at six civic bodies in the state - the first major election after 2011 Assembly polls - CPM and Congress were prompt enough to play the perfect opposition's role while accusing Trinamool Congress of unleashing a reign of terror preventing free and fair polls. The opposition also accused the ruling party of intimidating voters and poll agents.The turnout, though, was high - over 85% - at Durgapur, Dhupguri, Haldia, Panskura, Nalhati, and Cooper's Camp in Jalpaiguri, East Midnapore, Birbhum, Nadia and Burdwan, covering 129 seats.CPM state secretary Biman Bose said polling agents were driven out of many places, mainly in Durgapur. The Left also demanded re-polls in 29 booths here. State Congress president Pradip Bhattacharya said, in Durgapur, many of their agents were beaten up and driven out of the poll booths and even voters were not allowed to get inside the booths. \"This was mostly done by Trinamool Congress supporters,\" Bhattacharya alleged. In Haldia, which used to be a stronghold of CPM, the polls were by and large peaceful.Meanwhile, Trinamool leader Partha Chatterjee has thanked people for coming out to vote and was confident that his party would be in power in all civic bodies.In Durgapur, CPM and Congress both alleged that TMC had intimidated common people. CPM has demanded re-polls in 29 booths.In ward number 13, bombs were hurled and few rounds were fired by goons. Congress leader Sudeb Roy claimed that Trinamool made a farce out of the polls. He alleged that TMC supporters rigged in wards 14, 19, 3, 4 and 7. An observer was thrown out in ward 27 (at Bidhan Nagar Girls School). Bhajan Chakraborty, a CPM candidate, alleged that 12 booths were rigged and he has demanded re-polls in six.Dhupguri Municipality, where polls were held at 16 seats, has always been a CPM bastion. Even during 2011 Assembly polls, when a change in power swept through the state, TMC couldn't make a complete sweep in this area. This time, without an alliance, things look brighter for the Left.Nalhati Municipality in Birbhum, which witnessed polls in 15 seats, Pranab Mukherjee's son and local MLA Abhijit Mukherjee faces a tough challenge, with the TMC already saying that without its support Mukherjee couldn't have won in the last Assembly polls. Congress district president Syed Siraj Jimmy alleged that Trinamool Congress men, along with police, have threatened voters and candidates during a nightlong drive. Samajwadi Party's councillor, Subrata Dutta, was arrested on Saturday night following a clash between SP and Trinamool Congress workers.Though polls at Nadia's Cooper's Camp were peaceful with a voters' turnout of 93%, there was reportedly a brawl between Congress and Trinamool Congress supporters on allegations over 'purchasing' votes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "13788898", "title": "2 youths from a marriage party killed, 9 injured in highway mishap", "text": "KALYAN: Two youths, both part of a group on their way to attend a wedding, were killed and nine other persons were injured in an accident on National Highway 222 near Murbad in Thane district on Sunday afternoon. The deceased were related to each other.This is the third accident involving marriage revellers in the past one week and the recent mishaps have claimed the lives of 35 people and injured 60.On Sunday, a group of 12 relatives of the groom, Rahul Ghanghav (21), took an SUV to travel from their home in Asnavali village near Kinhvali at Murbad to Ambernath where the wedding was being held. Around 8-10 km away, even as the group reached Vendale village, another vehicle reportedly came in their way from the opposite direction; apparently to avoid a head-on collision, the SUV owner, Yogesh Channe, who was at the wheel, swerved sharply and in the process, lost control of the vehicle which overturned. One of the passengers, Vaibhav Sonawale (21), died on spot. Informed about the accident by passersby, the Murbad police took the injured to Shreedevi hospital in Kalyan where Yogesh succumbed to his injuries. Vaibhav was a college student, while Yogesh ran a tour business.The police said rash driving on the part of Yogesh could have led to the mishap.The injured have been identified as Sanjay Ghanghav (22), his brother Vijay (26), Ganesh Channe (20), Raghunath Gaikwad (45), his son Mayur (14), Sarthak Ghanghav (7), Mahesh Channe (17), Harish Ghanghav (26) and his brother Sagar (21). Among them, six are said to be in critical condition and admitted to the intensive care unit.Ajay Ghanghav, the only one who escaped with minor injuries, said, \"As we were travelling, a car came from the opposite direction. To avoid a collision, Yogesh took a sharp turn on the side but lost control. Our vehicle overturned. The impact was such that I lost consciousness. When I came to, I found blood all around me.\"The news of the accident has left the groom's family shattered. Though the wedding did take place, both families decided to keep the celebrations low-key.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13790069", "title": "Jagan quizzing: CBI shifts venue in the last minute", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a surprise move, Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) sleuths on Sunday changed Kadapa MP YS Jaganmohan Reddy's interrogation venue and grilled him for nearly six hours at a location close to the Chanchalguda prison.After the AP high court granted five-day custody of Jagan to the CBI on Saturday, the Hyderabad police immediately beefed up security at the agency's Koti office, anticipating the YSR Congress chief might be questioned by the investigators there. Three platoons of paramilitary and APSP battalions, under the supervision of three assistant commissioners of police (ACPs) and nine inspectors, were deployed in the surrounding areas of the CBI office in Koti.The force was on standby till 8am on Sunday, but suddenly at around 8.30am, they were rushed to Chanchalguda. Only at this juncture, media personnel got a hint that Jagan might not be brought to CBI's Koti office. At around 10.35am, a beaming Jagan with his characteristic 'namaste' emerged out of the Chanchalguda prison accompanied by CBI officers. Under a thick security blanket, he was quickly shifted into a four-wheeler to be taken to the Officers' Mess located on the office premises of the DG Prisons &amp; Correctional Services, which is just 100 metres away from the prison gate. Though field-level officers got to know about the 'change' only on Sunday morning, sources said the decision was taken on Saturday night itself.After the court's order, police top brass, including Hyderabad police commissioner Anurag Sharma, held discussions with CBI, prison department officers about the interrogation venue. In view of security concerns and likely inconvenience to public due to traffic restrictions, both Dilkusha Guest House and CBI's Koti office were ruled out and Officers' Mess at the DG office was chosen as the interrogation venue. Due to security concerns, the information about the change in venue was not passed on to field-level officers till the last moment. Even the Dabeerpura police, in whose jurisdiction the Chanchalguda prison is located, were informed about the change only on Sunday at around 6am.Police blocked the Chanchalguda-Dabeerpura road for traffic when Jagan was being shifted to the interrogation venue and while he was being brought back to the prison in the evening.Congress asks Jagan to confess to his crimesHYDERABAD: The Congress party on Sunday asked Kadapa MP Y S Jaganmohan Reddy to confess to his financial crimes before the probe agencies as it could help him to increase his acceptance in the society and political circles. Party spokesman Paladugu Venkat Rao said if Jagan confesses before CBI and the Enforcement Directorate (ED), it may result in reduced punishment. \"Otherwise he will be remembered as the most corrupt politician ever. The Congress government is not targeting Jagan, The involvement of ED strengthens the argument that Jagan's financial crimes were too serious to be ignored,\" he observed. He came down heavily on TDP president N Chandrababu Naidu accusing him of being a bigger economic offender than Jagan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13790475", "title": "Prostitution gang busted in Jaipur", "text": "JAIPUR: The city police on Sunday busted a prostitution racket and arrested nine call girls, one pimp and seven customers from a house in Jawahar Nagar's street number - 7. The girls were working in Mumbai and Kolkata before coming to Jaipur a year ago.According to police, the girls had been hired by one Anand who had rented a house in the street number - 7 a few days back. \"The girls aged between 18 and 25 have been living in Pratap Nagar area for the past one year,\" said a police officer.He added that police arrested seven customers from the house. \"During investigation, it came up that these girls worked as sex workers in Sonagachi area, Kolkata before moving to Mumbai and then to Jaipur a year ago. They had been arrested earlier also,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13808664", "title": "Say no to ragging", "text": "Thousands of students will enter college this year with aspirations of a bright future. However, along with these aspirations, comes the fear of a menace which has existed for long. From running errands for seniors, to performing embarrassing tasks to sexual abuse, ragging is an issue many students have faced. The good news is that academic institutions have taken necessary steps towards establishing policies to curb ragging on campus.Taking the lead is University of Mumbai which set up an anti-ragging cell, in accordance with the UGC regulations, in 2009. A 24-hour toll-free helpline (1800-180-552) was also launched where students can call and file their complaints. The cell coordinates with its affiliated colleges to implement anti-ragging measures.City colleges have also adopted tough measures to counter the issue. Says Anila Pillai, vice-principal, HR College (Jr), \"We have a team of senior students who are a part of the anti-ragging squad. They take care of junior students and keep a watch on ragging not only within the campus, but also outside near Churchgate and Oval Maidan. There is also an orientation session for junior students on the first day of college. We also ask girls to take special care that they do not venture out alone and be in a group as much as possible.\"KC College also has similar measures in place. Manju Nichani, principal, KC College, states, \"We have a committee of teachers who monitor it very closely. We also have squads of our student councils of take care that such a situation does not arise. We also conduct orientation sessions to build confidence in students.\" Both Pillai and Nicchani are also of the opinion that ragging is a phenomenon more prevalent among students living in hostels.Ragging can have a tremendous psychological impact on its victims. Harish Shetty, renowned psychologist, corroborates, \"The impact of ragging is akin to that of rape. The victim can become anxious and scared. He/ she may avoid crowded places and be apprehensive of authority in the future. It can also lead to low self-esteem and post-traumatic stress disorder throughout their lives. They might have no emotions in the future. It can devastate a child and his/ her family.\"Ajav Govind, head, Delhi Chapter of SAVE, a voluntary, non-profit organisation which works towards making education safe and ragging-free, feels that the response is still not adequate. \"Ragging is still rampant in many colleges across India. The figures over the past few years, despite increasing awareness, have not been encouraging. More work needs to be done in order to curb the menace,\" he concludes.When ragged: Contact the anti-ragging cell of your institute Contact the toll-free helpline (1800-180-552) to register a complaint Ragging is a crime, so do not hesitate to contact the policeCourtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13794513", "title": "This Wednesday, look up for Venus transit", "text": "BANGALORE: Come Wednesday and Venus will move across the face of the Sun. Called the Venus transit, this is an unusual planetary alignment witnessed only seven times since the telescope was invented in 1608.It is during the transit of Venus that the distance of the Sun from Earth can be measured exactly. Venus will be visible to all; it will appear like a dot with the Sun in the background.Free Software Movement Karnataka (FSMK) will organize a 'spotting ' event on the Lalbagh hilltop when the transit happens between 6am and 10am on Wednesday.The transit happens in pairs, with a gap of eight years between them. The last pair was reported in 1874 and 1882. The opener of the current pair occurred in 2004. After Wednesday , the next transit is expected only after 105 years.\"Whoever is interested can join us in witnessing this event. We are expecting several enthusiasts and hoping they rope in their friends as well to watch this celestial phenomenon ,\" said Vignesh Prabhu, volunteer , FSMK.Dos &amp; Don'tsDon't watch the Sun directly with the naked eye. It can be harmful. Use certified goggles for safe viewing of the transit", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "chitradurga", "code": "13792592", "title": "'Focus on dry land horticulture'", "text": "CHITRADURGA: Though Karnataka stands next to Rajasthan in dry land farming, all the initiatives put in by research bodies and farm universities have failed to yield results, said Dr Dwarakinath, former vice-chancellor of Gandhi Krishi Vijnana Kendra. He was speaking at a seminar on farming in dry land at the Institute of Agricultural Scientists here. Karnataka has 88 per cent of dry land and the efforts of farming community to raise even one crop a year have been fruitless due to failure of timely rain, he added. He lauded the rainwater harvesting initiative taken up in Rajasthan where the picture of farming is fast changing. Dr.Gurusiddaiah of the national horticultural mission and farm scientists were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13790715", "title": "Tense students wait for class 10 results in Coimbatore", "text": "COIMBATORE: It was a sleepless Sunday night for most of the city students who had appeared for their class 10 state board examinations as the results are expected to be announced on Monday afternoon. But some of the city students were quite relaxed on the eve of the results as they categorically stated that \"we will get marks for whatever we have written in the exam, no point in getting worried now\".\"We have already appeared for the exam. It is too late to worry now. Mathematics was a bit difficult for me like everyone else. But I am sure I will get good marks in all subjects,\" said P Swathi, a student from GRD Matriculation Higher Secondary School here, who is awaiting her result.Though most of the subjects were easy this year, Mathematics and Tamil had tricky questions. Most of the school authorities also claimed that they were a bit apprehensive of the fact that they will miss out on centum scorers in Mathematics when the results are published at 1.30pm on Monday on the internet.\"I am a bit worried about the results but not too much. Mathematics and Tamil was a bit difficult for me but rest of the subjects were easy,\" said R Naveen Karthik.Parents also seemed to be in a relaxed mood though some of them claimed that they hoped that the unnecessary confusion and delay in finalising the syllabus in the beginning of the academic year do not affect the results of the students.\"I am sure my daughter will score centum marks in at least one or two subjects. It is a normal Sunday for us and we are not worried at all,\" said M Ponnusamy, a city-based businessman.As many as 49,7938 students appeared for the class 10 board examination from Coimbatore district this year. The school authorities in the city also claimed that they expected some leniency in the evaluation since this was the first Samacheer Kalvi batch to sit for the board examinations.Most of the schools had resorted to special coaching sessions for the students to make up for the lost time in the beginning of the academic year.\"It is likely to interfere with the regular activities of the school since the results will be out only in the afternoon. We are all excited just like the students since it is the first Samacheer Kalvi batch. We are also a bit worried because there were lot of confusion in the beginning of the academic year,\" said M Tamilvaanan, principal, CSI Boys Higher Secondary school.According to the education department officials, students and school authorities can access the results on http://tnresults.nic.in/.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "hisar", "code": "13792109", "title": "\u2018Apna Ghar\u2019 woman found begging", "text": "HISAR: On a day the Rohtak police got an advertisement released of 29 missing inmates of the now disgraced Apna Ghar, a home for the destitute run by Jaswanti Devi, a 40-year-old woman was found begging outside the bus stand here.She was identified by the commuters, who informed the local police, who further tipped off their peers in Rohtak. A police party, lead by the case supervising officer DSP Tula Ram took the woman back to Rohtak for further investigations.The woman has been identified as Guddi, who was admitted to Apna Ghar 12-years ago after her husband allegedly abandoned her, he said. Guddi had apparently gone missing before National Council for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) conducted the raids on the shelter home last month.\"Guddi is not in that state of mind to reveal as to how she came here.,'' the officer said on Saturday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13793370", "title": "Justice AS Naidu panel visits pharma factory", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Justice AS Naidu Commission probing the February toxic liquor deaths in Khurda and Cuttack districts on Sunday inspected the premises of Eastern Pharmaceuticals, maker of the alleged toxic fluid.Around 40 persons were killed after consuming the killer cocktail containing methyl alcohol following which then excise minister A U Singhdeo had to resign and excise commissioner and drugs controller transferred.The commission directed examination of five fresh samples of medicines manufactured by the company. \"The commission directed that some fresh samples of the medicine be sent for test,\" commission secretary Kasinath Panigrahi said.The commission went through the records and current stocks in the company's manufacturing unit in Rasulgarh area, which was sealed after the deaths.Sources said the pharmaceutical company had purchased 6,000 litres of ethyl alcohol from Shakti Sugar in January. Records show that 5000 litres were used to manufacture medicine. However, there is no record to substantiate use of the rest 1000 litres though there is no stock. Sources said the commission also looked for clues as to how ethyl alcohol was substituted by methyl alcohol.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13790389", "title": "'Minor' mother commits suicide in Vastrapur", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Vastrapur police investigating case of a suicide by mother of two children was in for a surprise when they got to know that the woman registered as 20-year-old is in fact a 17-year-old teenager who had eloped from her residence three years back. Police have informed Jamnagar police after the discovery where the case was registered in 2009. According to police investigators, Pooja Sodha, a resident of Bharwadvaas, was found dead by her husband Praveen on Saturday night.\"Praveen works as an electrician and lives in Bharwadvaas for the past two years. When he returned home on Saturday, he discovered Pooja hanging from a ceiling fan by dupatta . The two daughters Urvi, 4, and Barkha, four months were sleeping on a bed nearby,\" said Vastrapur police official.When police contacted Pooja's parents in Jamnagar, they realized that the case was not simple. Bhagwanji Sindhi, her father, told investigators, that Pooja had eloped with Praveen when she was 14. . After a month, she called up Sindhi and told him that she had eloped. She also told her parents not to hunt for her.\"Abducting a minor itself is a crime. We have thus informed Jamnagar police about the find. Her parents however have refused to file any complaint. They have brought her school leaving certificate proving her to be a minor. Further investigation to know reason for her suicide is on,\" said a Vastrapur police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13795218", "title": "Indore zoo to get exotic birds from Lucknow", "text": "INDORE: Kamla Nehru Zoo of Indore is likely to get around 25 species of exotic birds in the coming weeks. The birds will be brought from Lukcnow Zoo under animal exchange programme. The new guests are expected to add more charm to the zoo for the visitors and bird lovers in particular.Zoo in-charge Dr Uttam Yadav said that proposal for the exchange of foreign species of birds has been sent to Central Zoo Authority of India and they are expecting to get the nod in this month. Under the programme, Indore zoo will give a pair of fox in lieu of 25 species of birds.Bird lover Prakash Shirvastav said that right now Indore zoo lacks variety of birds which is a big disappointment for the bird-lovers. Now with the arrival of new bird species, more and more people will flock to zoo. For those interested in knowing about birds, and cannot spend much time on bird watching, zoo is the only place left for them to visit. Also, only at zoo, they can find foreign birds throughout the year, he added.Meanwhile, zoo officials are also planning to increase their collection of animals. Few months back, zoo's only lion had died. Zoo officials said that Indore zoo will get one lion each from Junnagard and Rajkot.\"Talks for getting lions for Indore zoo are over and we are trying to exchange excess crocodile for other animals,\" they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13829467", "title": "Mumbai has top spot on list of parole jumpers", "text": "More convicts jump parole in Maharashtra than in o t h e r states. Double murder accused Vijay Palande and his accomplice Dhananjay Shinde are, of course, the most infamous of them.According to the National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB), Maharashtra registered 1,441 cases of parole jumping from 2007 to 2011. The next state on the list, Punjab, is a distant second with 764 cases. Remarkably, Uttar Pradesh, a state perceived to be associated with crime, has only 188 cases. The police's record of tracking parole jumpers is dismal. In Maharashtra, only 310 were re-arrested, in Punjab, 80, and in UP, 14.\"Jumping parole is no big deal,\" said a senior IPS officer. \"Even those convicted for hard crimes are easily able to obtain no-objection certificates about their character, and get parole. From there, it is a short step to not report back to prison.\"The officer said jail officials are hand in glove with the offenders. \"Criminals bribe them to get the certificates necessary to get parole. When the offenders do not report back to prison, the blame does not even fall on jail officials. Since it is the duty of cops at police stations to know the whereabouts of criminals out on parole, it is they who face flak.\"Joint commissioner of police (crime) Himanshu Roy said the NCRB figures seen in isolation can lead to wrong conclusions. \"Crime figures should be analyzed by taking into consideration the ratio of crime to a state's population. This will give a fair picture of police action.\"On the Palande-Shinde parole jumping case, Roy said, \"We are probing who helped the two get parole. Action will be taken accordingly.\"A CID officer said parole jumping occurs because of jail authorities' negligence or lack of coordination. \"It just becomes worse when police stations are lax in keeping track of a convict out on parole.\"As per the Maharashtra Furlough and Parole Rules, parole can be granted only to a convict who has a favourable police report. But because of corruption, such a report is prepared for non-deserving criminals as well. \"This was clearly visible in the Palande-Shinde case. Both managed to get paroles despite bad track records,\" said former IPS officer and lawyer Y P Singh.Palande got parole in 2003 after bribing jail officials. In 2007, he applied for bail, telling the court he had spent over seven years in jail. The police did not inform the court that Palande had jumped parole. \"During inquiries into the Karan Kakkar and Arun Tikku murder cases, it was learnt that Palande and Shinde had bribed jail officials to get parole,\" said a crime branch official.Singh said, \"Often, hardened criminals jump parole to pursue their life of crime or to escape from the rigours of incarceration.\"A database of parole jumping cases is maintained by the state CID, which disseminates information to police stations though lookout notices. Singh said, \"But such dissemination of data is not taken seriously. The data often lies in the dump. Rearresting parole jumpers is possible only through intensive intelligence collection, which is generally not done.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13789614", "title": "Rain nears, Gurgaon fears", "text": "The Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) seems to be lagging behind with its pre-monsoon preparations for the areas under it. Although monsoon only a few months away, the storm water and sewage pipelines are being laid down now. People are also apprehensive about the fact whether the roads will be repaired in time. The corporation officials, on the other hand, claim that the sewage and storm water pipelines will be ready on time, ahead of the monsoon.Every year during the monsoon, the drainage system fails to contain the rainwater, waterlogging the narrow lanes in the old city. Arjun Nagar, Pratap Nagar, Madan Puri, Jyoti Park, Bhim Nagar, Sectors 4, 5 and 7, Shiv Puri, Krishna Colony, New Colony, Arjun Nagar, Ashok Vihar, Laxman Vihar among other areas get flooded even after a little rainfall.The soil, which was dug out during the laying of stormwater drains, has been lying on the side lanes of roads and is getting washed into the drains, clogging them. Residents are worried whether the drains will actually help them during rain.\"Negligence and the lackadaisical attitude of the authorities have delayed the laying of the drains, with work picking up when the monsoon is only two months away. It is the contractor's responsibility to remove excess mud and maintain the drain but nobody checks up on him,\" said Pradeep Sharma, a resident of Madanpuri.Mayor Vimal Yadav said the chief engineer has been instructed to complete the laying of stormwater drains as soon as possible. \"In a meeting with the municipal commissioner, the chief engineer was directed to finish all the infrastructural work well before the arrival of the monsoon. As of now, the pipelines are being laid, and soon the roads too will be repaired. This year, pipelines have been laid in areas under the MCG as well as villages,\" Yadav said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13790948", "title": "Indian Air Force grounds bridge over Adyar river", "text": "CHENNAI: The Indian Air Force's claim to a plot of land on the banks of the Adyar in Anakaputhur in Kancheepuram district has scuttled a bridge over the river that would have provided a vital link between Anakaputhur and Tharapakkam in Kancheepuram district.Construction of the Rs 4.5 crore bridge began in March 2010. According to the original plan, the project was to be completed by March 2011. The project was rescheduled and the deadline extended to September 2011, a month ahead of the onset of northeast monsoon last year. But the bridge has been left half-built since air force officials objected to the project in May 2011.The bridge would have solved a decades-old problem for people on both sides of the river. For generations, residents of over a dozen localities including Eradamkattalai, Kovur, Gerugambakkam and Tharapakkam have had to cross the river to get to the city via Anakaputhur and Pallavaram. Vehicles have to take a much longer route of around 8km via Kundrathur.Residents of localities on the Tharapakkam side often find themselves in a race against time during medical emergencies, when patients have to be rushed to hospitals on the other side of the river.According to the highways department, a team of officials from IAF station in Tambaram said 980sqft of land on the banks of the river in Tharapakkam belongs to the ministry of defence. The air force officials said the state highways department would have to get a go-ahead from the ministry before going ahead with the project.The bridge was to be 250 metres long (with the approach roads at both ends), 7 metres high and 12 metres wide. The highways department has completed work on the bridge on the Tharapakkam side.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "13792556", "title": "Two girls flee from Nari Sanrakshan Kendra, one traced", "text": "VADODARA: Two young girls fled from the Nari Sarankshan Kendra (NRK) early on Sunday morning. The duo took advantage of darkness and left the NRK premises when everyone was sleeping. However, much to the relief of NRK authorities, one of the absconding girls was found by the police by Sunday evening. According to the police, the girls were not familiar to the city.The girls have been identified as Aarti Laxman Yadav, 15, resident of Madhya Pradesh and Poornima Bipin Thakkar, 16. They were shifted to NRK recently. Aarti was found by the police near Nyay Mandir and sent to Fatehgunj police station.\"The girls were sleeping in the compound of the premises due to summers. It seems they had made up their mind and planned to flee from the institute,\" police officials said. The girls got up early on Sunday morning at about 4 am. The police are yet to know the route they took to flee from the institute.Security guard of the Kendra is also being questioned. Aarti was sent to NRK on April 27 after she fled from her home owing to family problems. While Poornima was sent to NRK on May 1 through child helpline. The cops are now questioning Aarti on whereabouts Poornima.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13796508", "title": "Road to change: Agonising wait", "text": "Computer engineer Rupa Rajsekhar is tense and fidgety as she waits for a bus at Vijayanagar bus stop in Velachery. It is late in the evening and men flock to the Tasmac bar near the bus stop. \"Once, a bunch of drunk men came out of the bar and were fighting. Since then, I try to avoid taking a bus especially if it is past 9pm,\" says Rajsekhar, who travels from Mogappair to her office in Velachery every day. For women who have to stay out late, commuting by bus is a problem in a city that sleeps early. While bus stops get deserted at night, women also feel uncomfortable in the day because of the kind of people who occupy the stops and the neighbourhood they are situated in. \"Most bus stops have paanstained walls. There are always some men sleeping under a bus shelter, which makes me uncomfortable while I wait for the bus,\" says Monisha Mohanraj, a student who travels on bus route number 27D from Stella Maris College from Ayanavaram. \"On these routes, it is not possible to even get on the bus as the boys from Pachaiyappa's Colle ge travel on the footboard and do not allow us to get inside. We end up waiting for a less crowded bus,\" Mohanraj says.Media professional Daisy Joseph, who travels late to work, says a lack of security in the public transport system curtails her independence. \"Most bus stops are deserted at night and it is difficult to spot another woman,\" she says. K Vasanthi, a student, says she makes sure that she gets home early because she doesn't want to trouble anyone. \"If I get late, the bus stop gets deserted and I have to ask someone to wait at the stop to receive me,\" she says. To evaluate gender safety in public spaces in the city, students from IIT-Madras and Stella Maris College, along with NGO Transparent Chennai have undertaken a safety audit of bus stops.The interns developed an audit which examined safety along four parameters - visibility, access, comfort and security. The study's preliminary findings suggest that women's safety is not a consideration in the design or the location of a bus stop.They have profiled six stops in Palavakkam, OMR, Madhya Kailash and Gandhi Mantapam. \"Our objective is to ensure gender safety and the safety of women,\" says Satyarupa Shekhar, researcher with Transparent Chennai. \"If a bus stop is safe for women, then chances are that it will be safe for others too. A lot of women said that they feel safer when there are a lot of bystanders and hawkers nearby,\" says Shekhar.However, women say that sexual harassment can happen at any time, not just at a lonely bus stop. \"Sexual harassment can happen at a crowded bus stop. In fact, it is more dangerous as someone could grope you and get away with it,\" says Anupama Srinivasan, project director of the Chennai chapter of Hollaback!, an international movement against street sexual harassment.\"At night, lighting is a problem in most bus stops, especially those in deserted areas. Either these bus stops have very little lighting or they don't work,\" says Srinivasan.Times ViewWomen don't feel at ease while commuting by bus in the city. Harassment can take place at bus stops or inside a bus. Though commuting by bus is the most common form of transport in the city, little has been done to address this problem. Police claim they have increased surveillance on busy routes, but women continue to be at the receiving end. This must end and can't be tackled by the police alone. An alert public will help in eradicating this social menace and also improve the law and order situation in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13802870", "title": "Kalpana Lajmi\u2019s crew held hostage for 48 hours", "text": "When Kalpana Lajmi landed in Bhopal for the shooting of her film Kaanch a few days ago, little did she imagine the troubles that lay ahead. Barely six days into the shoot and those of the cast and crew who had been paid, realised their cheques had bounced. With nearly 100 unit members including the likes of Ila Arun, Avika Gor, Pitobash and Yograj Singh staying in four different hotels, the hotel management refused to allow the guests to leave after payments failed to come through.A source close to the film told us, \"The luggage of most of the actors and technicians was locked up and they weren't allowed to leave their hotels for two days. On Sunday, some unit members left after paying from their own pockets. Others were allowed to leave after producer Rajeev Kashyap paid the money. However, many light and camera men are still being held back.\"Kalpana Lajmi sounded extremely upset. \"As offbeat film makers, it is difficult for us to organise finances. When independent producers approach us, we get taken in. I made the biggest mistake of my life when I did not bother to find out Kashyap's background. He told me he is a financer for many films and the nephew of Bhairav Singh Shekhawat. After going ahead, he started behaving rudely. I let it pass as I thought the stress was affecting him. But to my horror, I found out he is a complete fraud. He had no intention of completing the project and no investment. Ila Arun and I found out he has no connection whatsoever with the Shekhawat family. He even asked for Rs 5 lakh from Yograj Singh and Rs 3 lakh from Avika Gor's parents.\"The situation was so bad that Lajmi was forced to call up Mahesh Bhatt to get her out of this mess. \"Mahesh spoke to some people in the Chief Minister's office and the SP, who came to our rescue. Every single cheque Kashyap had issued, has bounced. And yet, he insists otherwise. Even the hotels that are still holding up my crew members have been paid, he says. I think he is psychotic or is having a nervous breakdown,\" she alleged.The latest is while the hotels have allowed the guests to leave, their personal belongings and the unit's equipment including lights, cameras and exposed stock is being held back.\"I have never had this kind of an experience and this dream project of mine has turned into my worst nightmare,\" rued the critically acclaimed director, adding, \"As I am morally responsible for this whole mess, I am staying back till each and every crew member has left. Only then will I be able to leave from here.\"Said Ila Arun, \"We are all doing the film for Kalpana but everything is in a mess. While I was paid earlier, I had a tough time dealing with the producer and now he is blaming Kalpana for everything, which is very wrong. She is a very respected and dignified lady who is making films out of her own passion. I stand by her and I wish that everyone comes out of this mess soon.\"When contacted, Rajeev Kashyap just said, \"I am busy right now. Call me later,\" thereafter remaining unavailable for comment.Allegations of obscene SMS and misbehaviour Meanwhile, director Kalpana Lajmi has charged Kaanch movie producer Rajiv Kashyap with sending her obscene SMS and misbehaviour.Lajmi, who had been shooting for the movie in Bhopal since some time, stalled the shooting and said she would not continue with the movie any further. \"I am not going to work again with Kashyap nor will I direct his film any more,\" she said here last evening.She said she was being forced to leave the film because of the \"misbehaviour of Kashyap\".However, Kashyap refuted the allegation and said on the contrary, Kalpana had been indulging in \"offensive behaviour\" and even threatened to take her to court.On Kalpana's charge that he had been sending her obscene SMS on cellphone, Kashyap said she had \"lost her mental balance\" and she needed proper treatment for it.The producer said he will return to Bhopal in September and resume the film's shooting with a new director.Kaanch stars Avika Gor, who rose to fame for her role in popular television serial Balika Vadhu, along with noted singer-actress Ila Arun and Yograj Singh. (PTI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13794849", "title": "'Pre-term kids more likely to suffer mental disorders'", "text": "LONDON: Babies who are born prematurely are more likely to suffer mental disorders such as schizophrenia, bipolar disorder and depression later in life, a study has found.The risk is greatest for those born very prematurely or less than 32 weeks of gestation , according to the study that looked at medical records of more than 1.5 million people . Compared with normal term babies, or those who born after a 40-week gestation period, they are three times more likely to be hospitalized for a psychiatric problem as an adult, researchers found.Their risk of bipolar disorder is increased more than seven-fold , while the chances of developing major depression and eating disorders are raised 2.9 and 3.5 times they found. However, experts stressed that the chances of a premature baby having a serious psychiatric problem remain small, as the vast majority of pre-term babies turn out healthy and normal - famous examples include Sir Winston Churchill and Albert Einstein , the Daily Telegraph reported.Researchers believe the pattern is due to the impact of being born prematurely on early brain development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13803998", "title": "Kabaddi Once Again leaves out a message", "text": "Sukhminder Dhanjal is all set to introduce muscle man Varinder Singh Ghuman as hero for Punjabi film Kabaddi Once Again. Earlier punjabi singer Roshan Prince was to play the lead role opposite Sadeepa Singh. Punjabi cinema is mostly dominated by singers and this is the first time that a world class bodybuilder will be a hero in Punjabi film.\"Kabaddi Once Again\" is the story of a village boy Shingara Singh who dreams to take his mother game of Punjab from muddy and bare ground to the green turf of international standards. His dream gets shattered when he comes to know that Kabaddi is not simply a sport but it is a big game of illegal human trafficking, drug mafia and match fixing. He takes an oath to get back the glory of mother game Kabaddi. The path is not so easy, there are so many obstacles in the way of success. But he has great heart and muscles to fight against such evil forces. He rushes towards his goal with such a force and determination that he crushes his opponents. He is ruthless when it comes to the question of fulfilling his dream of winning the Kabaddi world cup. Will his dream come true and will everyone be celebrating in the end?This film also exploits the truth behind bad sportsman and how match-fixing is done in Kabaddi with the use of illegal drugs and fake players. It is a film that will surely leaves a message and you will come out inspired and motivated to not only play Kabaddi but to turn your backs towards the use of these sports enhancing drugs. Comedy has its part in the film as well.Source: Rane, punjabiportal.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13788415", "title": "Petrol prices differ at many pumps in Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as city saw petrol prices changing thrice in one week, many may be bogged more if they minutely observe the prices being charged by each of the state-run oil companies. There is a difference of one paise per litre in their prices.After deregulation of petrol pricing, individual companies are supposed to now set their own rates. Thus the rates have been slightly different from company to company. Now, after they effected a reduction of Rs 2 a litre, the rates charged by Bharat Petroleum Corporation Limited is higher by one paise per litre compared to that by Indian Oil Corporation (IOC) and Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Limited (BPCL).Diesel rates are same, however. This practice has been continuing since the pricing was left to the companies over a year ago. However, the amount of fuel you get for a given amount is same in most cases as the price difference in minuscule.Sources say the practice of keeping a paise or two difference in prices came into place after oil companies were charged with cartelisation. Consumer activists questioned how could each company have exactly the same rate if prices were indeed deregulated. All companies cannot have exactly the same overheads to reach same price. As a result, oil companies began pricing their products at a slight variation.Devil in detailPetrol prices in NagpurIOC Rs 79.85BPCL Rs 79.86HPCL Rs 79.85", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "13792548", "title": "Job mela a hit, 1,900 shortlisted", "text": "DHARWAD: over 1,900 candidates seeking employment were selected for the final round of the interview at the three-day job fair that began at JSS College premises in Dharwad on Sunday. Some were directly recruited. \"I walked into the job fair with sky high expectation, now I am returning back with satisfaction. The job mela organised by the government has provided me an employment,\" said Sharan. Similar were the replies given by majority of job aspirants who had come all the way from Bagalkot, Bijapur, Haveri, Gadag and Uttar Kannada districts. The department of collegiate education in association with the JSS College has organized the job fair for the candidates from North Karnataka. On Sunday, as many as 3,200 candidates participated in the employment mela. Candidates from the above district had reached Dharwad early in the morning and stood in queue and waited anxiously at the entrance of the JSS College for the organisers to open the gate. Additional deputy commissioner Mahantesh Bilgi inaugurated the mela. As many as 82 domestic and internationally companies have come to Dharwad hunting for talent. Separate cells for non-technical, technical, BPO and retail companies have been set up. The non-technical cells received overwhelming response and one could see majority of rural students standing in long queue carrying testimonials to prove their credentials. Similarly, there was huge rush at the BPO centre also. However, this centre was dominated by urban candidates, as majority of the companies namely, First Source and the like were demanding basic English knowledge. The job fair is a flagship programme of the Department of Collegiate Education. Accordingly, zonal-level training courses and job fair are being organised across the State. The programme has been organised to create a forum for the industries and job aspirants to occupy the same stage. Collegiate Education Devanand Goankar stated that, as many as 81 government degree colleges from seven districts of Belgaum division are participating in the job mela, being held for the first time in Dharwad. Around 2,000 students studying BA, BCom, BSc, BBA, BCA in various government degree colleges are also attending the mela. The department had approached 104 companies of international repute to participate in the mega job fair. Reputed companies like Eureka Forbes, Mahindra &amp; Mahindra, ICICI Pru Life, First Source, Airtel, Arihant, and others are participating in the mela for the recruitment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13790916", "title": "7,000 students give combined pre-medical test", "text": "VARANASI: Braving intense heat and adverse conditions, around 7,000 candidates appeared in the combined pre-medical test (CPMT), which was conducted peacefully amidst tight security across 15 centres in the city on Sunday. Similarly, around 2,000 candidates appeared for BSc (Nursing) and BPharma (Ayurveda) examination under Banaras Hindu University in the day.According to Dr Padmakar Singh, nodal officer (CPMT) in the city, the examination held peacefully across all the centres. Strict security arrangements were made at the centres and photographs of appearing candidates were also taken at the examination centres. The finger prints of candidates were taken at the centres and three carbon copies of optical mark reader (OMR) answer sheet was created. One of the carbon copies was given to the candidates after the examination, he added.Meanwhile, strict security arrangements were made at the examination centres in the city. Except admit card, the candidates were not allowed to carry anything else in the examination hall. Even articles like pen and packaged water were provided in the examination hall. A number of areas in the city including trans-Varuna areas like Bhojubir, Pandeypur along with other areas like Gadaulia, Nai Sarak and Maidagin also witnessed traffic congestion in the scorching heat after the examination.It may be mentioned here that five examination centres were created at UP (Inter) and UP Degree College, and two centres were made at Sanatan Dharma Inter College in the city. On the other hand, around 2,000 candidates thronged examination centres in BHU for appearing in the entrance test for four-year B Sc (Nursing) course conducted by Faculty of Modern Medicine, Institute of Medical Sciences, BHU and B Pharma (Ayurveda) course at Rajiv Gandhi South Campus, Barkachha under BHU.There are a total of 60 seats including 30 seats for general, 16 for OBC, nine for SC and five for ST candidates under BSc (Nursing) while B Pharma (Ayurveda) at RGSC has 30 seats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13788822", "title": "Cartridges seized at Metro station", "text": "Three live cartridges were seized from three persons at Anand Vihar Metro station, a CISF officer said. CISF personnel, during screening around 6am, detected three live rounds of 8 mm calibre, an officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "jamnagar", "code": "13790291", "title": "Nurse mistakes Ben for Ba, triggers war for baby boy", "text": "JAMNAGAR: What's in a name? Probably a lot, when two women with same names deliver babies at the same time.Chaos reigned at Jamnagar's JG Hospital on Sunday afternoon when relatives of a woman, who had given birth to a girl child, refused to believe the doctors and instead staked claim to the baby boy born to another woman with the same name.Divyaben Dave of Porbandar had given birth to a girl, while Divyaba Jadeja of Lalpur delivered a boy, almost simultaneously, hospital sources told TOI.Confusion ruled as the nurse came out of the labour room and called the relatives of Divyaben, instead of Divyaba, and told them about the boy's birth.Divyaben had a daughter before, and her mother-in-law desperately wanted a boy. The news apparently delighted her and she rushed to claim the boy. When she was told that her daughter-in-law had actually given birth to a girl, she refused to believe and pressed for the boy. Soon, the situation became tense and police had to be called in to convince both the families.\"The confusion arose because of both the women having same names. We even showed Divyaben's mother-in-law the CCTV footages of the labour room. But she refused to believe this and continued to demand the boy,\" said Dr Preeti Punatar, who handled both the deliveries.Finally, blood samples of both the women and their kids were taken and the reports were showed to Divyaben's mother-in-law.It was only by the late evening after a lot of persuading and showing all the evidences that the doctors could convince both the families and ensure peace.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13790748", "title": "MDMK to block roads to protest dumping of waste", "text": "COIMBATORE: In an attempt to prevent waste materials, including bio-medical waste, from Kerala being dumped in farm lands in and around Pollachi, MDMK will organize a road roko at Gopalapuram Check post on June 16. Vehicular traffic between the two states would be disrupted by the protesters to end the flow of waste from the neighbouring state.In a press release here, MDMK district secretary V Easwaran said the day-long protest is aimed at bringing the issue before the notice of both the state governments, which pretend ignorance over the issue.Despite strict warning of district administration to transporters and land owners against taking waste materials from Kerala to dump on vacant lands in Pollachi region, it continues unabated, points out Easwaran.Meanwhile, district collector M Karunagaran and district environment engineer K Kamaraj have urged villagers in the Kerala border areas of the district not to bring in solid waste to fertilize their land, following reports of dumping hazardous and biomedical waste in Pollachi farm lands. The collector also warned of action against violators under Environment (Protection) Act 1986.Officials of Tamil Nadu Pollution Control Board (TNPCB) have already conducted a thorough investigation and confirmed that there were repeated attempts of dumping both composted municipal solid waste and bio-sludge in Pollachi farm lands.The issue became a matter of concern when activists of Peryiar Dravida Kazhagam (PDK) and MDMK raised the issue with the help of local green activists. Many farmers in the Chedimuthur village had allowed dumping of the waste in their farms believing that it would serve as manure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13807250", "title": "Priyamani's Charulatha dubbed in Tamil", "text": "Post Raavanan and Raktha Charithram, Priyamani wasn't spotted in any Tamil movies. Now her fans in Tamil Nadu will have to rejoice as her upcoming Kannada movie 'Charulatha' will be released in Tamil as well.It is reported to be a women-centric film that is said to be remake of famous Thai movie Alone.The actress has confirmed the news that the film will not be dubbed in Tamil, but directly made. The film is directed by P. Kumar and the first look posters have already created huge buzz in the film industry.Source: starview.in", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "kokrajhar", "code": "13790974", "title": "Bodoland Territorial Council panel resolves not to disrupt Salakati project", "text": "KOKRAJHAR: The frequent bandhs called by various organizations has slowed the progress of the 750 MW thermal project of the National Thermal Power Corporation ( NTPC ) at Salakati in Kokrajhar district. The companies engaged in the power project are facing major problems due to the unprecedented bandhs, which are obstructing the progress of the construction work.However, the Social Action Committee headed by BTC executive Derhasat Basumatary is taking the initiative to stop any disruption of the construction work of the project. The committee recently called a meeting of various student unions and organizations to ensure that bandhs do not hamper the project.Sources said labourers engaged in the construction are not willing to work during bandhs. However, since the companies have to pay wages even during bandh, they incur a loss.Social Action Committee president Derhasat Basumatary said different organizations should come forward to help in the completion of the project and bandhs should not affect the project as power is the key to development. He added that 'No work, No pay' policy should be adopted for the workers and the local people and different organizations should not disrupt the project during bandhs.All student organizations have also made it clear that they will not prevent the labourers from going to work during bandhs. They instead resolved to provide protection for them. In the recent meeting, they also discussed issuing of identity card to all labourers so that the bandh supporters do not harm them while they are going to work.State transport minister Chandan Brahma said the BTC has taken necessary steps for revival of all sick industries in the area. He said the people of Salakati and the state as a whole would benefit from the project. The project will ensure greater job opportunities for locals, he said.Brahma called upon all student and local organizations to take equal responsibility for the successful completion of the project. He asked the local bodies not to hamper the construction work by calling bandhs and hoped that Salakati would be transformed to a Special Economic Zone when it is completed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13807836", "title": "Would love to play roles of substance: Ajay Adith", "text": "This local boy made a good impact playing the role of 'Panai' Sekar in debutant director K S Thangasamy's Raattinam.\"Managing to have the audience in splits in your very first film with your performance is not an easy achievement, and I am glad I managed to impress even my friends, who are my strongest critics, with my performance in Raattinam ,\" Ajay says.A visual communication graduate from Hindusthan College of Arts and Science in Coimbatore, Ajay essayed the role of the hero's wisecracking friend in the film, and wants to take up roles where he will be noticed in the future.\"I have acted in a number of short films in my college years, and will take up roles where I have a good presence in the film. Raattinam is one film where I have shared screen space with the hero throughout the film,\" he points out.An ardent fan of legendary actors 'Kamal Hassan', 'Rajnikanth' and 'Simbu', Ajay confesses to having grown up on some classic films of the stars.\" Thillu Mullu, 16 Vayathinile and Aalavandhan are some of my favourite films, and I like Simbu among the younger generation of actors as he is multi-talented,\" he says.Discussions are currently underway for his next project, which is likely to feature three newcomers in the cast.\"Three newcomers will be playing the lead role in the upcoming project, details of which will be revealed by the end of this month,\" he signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13809555", "title": "First song recording of No Entry's Marathi remake", "text": "First song recording of No Entry's Marathi remake 'Pudhe Dhoka Aahey' took place at Krishna Studio in Goregoan. Producer Boney Kapoor, director Anees Bazmee and Music Director Anu Malik of Hindi film 'No Entry' graced the occasion and wished all the luck and success for the film to Producer Nikhil Saini &amp; Premnath Rajgopalan who are making it's remake in Marathi.Director of No Entry Mr.Anees Bazmee gave blessings to Marathi Director Mr. Milind Arun Kavde. The auspicious event commenced by breaking the coconut by the hands of Mr. Boney Kapoor himself. Anu Malik who was the Music Director of ' No Entry ' sung for the first time in Marathi the title track for 'No Entry Pudhe Dhoka Aahey'.Source: gomolo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13791946", "title": "Cops to check illegal sand mining", "text": "MYSORE: District police have taken a serious note of illegal sand mining. It has ordered a departmental probe against a cop accused of involvement in illegal mining, and decided to locate the sites where the sand is mined illegally. The permit issued for the transportation of sand will be valid for only a day now, and the cops have decided to act tough against violators. According to police, the offenders will be fined Rs 25,000 or jailed for two years. Following complaints that a head constable attached to Talkad, the epicentre of sand mining in the district, has been transferred. Shivarudrappa, the HC, is posted to Krishnarajnagar police station, and a departmental inquiry is ordered against him by the SP R Dileep, who reviewed sand mining with senior officials from mines and geology, PWD and RTO. During the meeting, a complaint was that the police at the ground level are not acting against offenders. The HC, in particular, was accused of indulging in illegal mining. The SP said he will act against police who are found lax in curbing illegal sand mining. The meeting decided to locate the sites along Kapila and Cauvery rivers where illegal mining is flourishing. The district administration has identified sites from where sand can be mined. But sand is illegally mined from other sites, particularly in and around Talkad. Owing to lack of information about the legal sites, the officials exchanged related details and decided to act in tandem. The permit issued by the PWD to transport the sand is used multiple times, which is also helping the violators. The meeting decided to restrict the permit for a day's use. The SP has constituted a special team and has deputed cops from different police stations at the check-posts in Tirumakudlu Narsipur taluk. PWD officials have put in place two flying squads to curb illegal mining. Dileep has asked the public to inform police if they come across illegal mining activities in the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13813683", "title": "Tins go lower for squash doubles", "text": "NEW DELHI: The World Squash Federation (WSF) on Monday decided that for future World Doubles Championships, Commonwealth Games and other major events, the height of the tin used for men's, women's and mixed events will be lowered from 43cm (17\") to 33cm (13\").The current expanded doubles court width of 8.42 metres (27.63 ft), as used at the Commonwealth Games 2010 in Delhi, would be maintained, the federation informed.Explaining the decision, WSF Chief Executive Andrew Shelley said, \"Because some matches, primarily men's, proved to be too lengthy and unexciting at major championships, the format has been under review.\"\"Following matches played last month between pairs representing Australia, England and Scotland, using a variety options, the data and comments have been reviewed and it has been decided by WSF that lowering the tin by 30 per cent provides an excellent means of encouraging shot-making and using the full court to provide really entertaining play for spectators and broadcast viewers alike,\" added Shelley.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13789055", "title": "Facelift plugs Fort ENT hospital\u2019s water leak worries", "text": "MUMBAI: After decades of neglect, the city's only ENT Hospital, housed in a Gothic structure that could easily pass as an architectural marvel, will regain its days of glory.Allocations in this year's civic budget have been a shot in the arm for thr the 100-bedded Seth AJB ENT Hospital that will now offer the most advanced ENT care in a public set-up.Renovation of the over 120-year-old building has now meant that surgeries can be performed even during monsoon without worries of leaking roofs. The cramped wards have been freshly painted and large windows, once untidily painted, have made way for stained-glass ones. The agency supervising the restoration work has focused on keeping the heritage feel intact.The hospital authorities now plan to spruce up its audiology department and upgrade the voice clinic facilities and make it at par with private centres. Chief of five infectious civic hospitals Dr Umesh Aigal said the audiology department will be upgraded. The outpatient facilities will also be improved. The hospital treats close to 350-400 patients on an OPD basis everyday with patients coming from as far as Nepal.Earlier, the two-storey building could only admit 40 patients as water seeping in from the walls and the roof made it unhygienic for post-operative care. \"The leaking has stopped, and that will make a lot of difference,\" said Dr DA Rana, chief medical officer of the hospital.A staffer recollected how the entire corridor used to be flooded during monsoon making it risky for patients as well as staffers to move around. \"There used to be water in electrical fittings also. We had to move around in congested wards with slippery floors,\" said the staffer.The hospital currently has 35 beds in the male ward and 25 beds in the female. \"Extra care has also been taken to reduce chances of cross-infection by making space between the beds,\" said Rane. To keep hospital infections at bay, the sterilization and boiling room for equipment has also been separated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "model town", "code": "13792764", "title": "Teen pens book on managing time", "text": "MODEL TOWN: At the age of 15, one is busy attending school, which is followed by tuition classes, hobby classes and then there is so much to do with friends that the list never ends and parents never stop complaining about how children waste their time. But, Amish Bedi is a 15-year-old boy from Model Town, who has written a book to guide peers of his age group about managing their time- 'Are You Burning The Midnight Oil'.Born in England, Amish moved to India when he was 8. A versatile child, he is a voracious reader, plays the guitar, is an adept web designer and equally good at sports with special interest in basketball, swimming, table tennis and football. But, these skills apart, his passion lies in writing and he has even been rewarded for his story writing skills by BBC (UK). It was in June 2011 that Amish thought of taking his passion a step further and started to pen down his thoughts on time management. ''It came to me naturally to write about time management as friends, teachers and acquaintances keep asking me all the time how I manage academics, sports, music and social activities together,\" he says.Amish, who believes he is what his mother Amita has made him, says, ''When I sat down to write, a picture of all that I had learned from parents, teachers and favourite authors guided me.''The book's draft was complete by the end of November 2011 and the joy of having completed his first book turned manifold for this author when his father Maninder Bedi, 42, a police inspector, got his book published. Amish even shared his experiences of writing the first book with a gathering of literary enthusiasts at a function organized in British Library, Chandigarh, on Friday.''I just motivate and guide him, but he is a gifted child. We just want him to achieve greater heights in life and grow up to be who he wants to be,'' says his mother Amita, a teacher and creative writing instructor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "kollam", "code": "13792898", "title": "Armed cops to be deployed to tackle illegal sand mining", "text": "KOLLAM: In a move to put an end to the illegal nexus between the authorities and sand mining mafia, the Kerala Armed Police (KAP) has been deployed at all authorized sand mining points in the district.Police officers from the Kollam Armed Reserve Camp have already joined the patrol duty at six authorized excavation points within the city limits.City police commissioner Debesh Kumar Behra said that this was a normal procedure. \"Since there is a shortage of manpower in the local police, we decided to depute personnel from the KAP.\" He also added that stringent actions would be taken against those going for illegal mining in the rivers.There were intelligence reports about the link between the authorities in the local administration, a section of the police and the sand mafia.Allegations were raised by environmentalists too in the past about this nexus which allows sand mining contractors to mine sand without any limit.The mafia earns huge profits by selling the sand taken from authorized points. Though contractors spend only Rs 7,000 to 8,000 for one load of sand, it is sold for Rs 40,000 to 50,000.Sources said that the police on guard would now check the sand passes and would allow only the specified number of loads to be transported.Efforts are also being made to keep a check on the activities of the goons attached to the sand mining mafia. A month back, five members of the shadow police group were brutally attacked by illegal sand miners in Kandachira here at Mangad. There had been a couple of similar incidents in the past too, which might have prompted the police to take such a decision.Police officers from the Kollam Armed Reserve Camp have already joined the patrol duty at six authorized excavation points within the city limits", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "13792560", "title": "Forum demands Centre bring back black money", "text": "DHARWAD: In support of the hunger strike against black money called by Anna Hazare and Baba Ramdev in Delhi, members of Dharwad unit India Against Corruption and Bharat Swabhimaan Trust staged a hunger strike outside the Kadapa Maidhan in Dharwad on Sunday. They urged the UPA government to bring back the black money stashed in foreign banks and use the same for the development of the country. The one-day hunger stir was led by BD Hiremath, Fard Habib, MD Patil and others. The hunger stir evoked good response from the public as they tendered their signature supporting the demand of Social Crusader Anna Hazare and Baba Ramdev.Protests in Belgaum Various organizations including the Forum Against Corruption supported the cause by staging protest at Sambaji Ground here on Sunday. Lingayat community leader Shankar Gudus who also spoke on the occasion said, \"To start with corruption should be rooted out in Belgaum city. A separate committee with like minded people should be formed and they should monitor offices like RTO and taluk office.\" Earlier Sri Ram Sene chief Pramod Muthalik too took part in the protest. Nearly 200 to 250 people participated in the protest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13790103", "title": "Day One: Jaganmohan Reddy firm to CBI quizzing", "text": "HYDERABAD: CBI sleuths grilled YSR Congress chief Jaganmohan Reddy on the monetary transactions between Mauritius and Luxembourg-based companies and the firms floated by him on day one on Sunday but indications are that the YSR scion was not forthcoming with answers.Contrary to earlier indications, the sleuths carried out the questioning in an unexpected location, the Officers Mess of the DG, Prisons, which is less than a km away from Chanchalguda Jail. Jagan emerged from the jail at 10.30am. After his trademark smiling namaste to the waiting media, he was whisked away in a CBI vehicle to the venue. The team that quizzed Jagan included joint director V V Lakshminarayana and SP H Venkatesh. \"He was grilled on the investments made into the companies based in Mauritius and Luxembourg as well as the investments made by those offshore firms in Jagan's companies. The CBI team was armed with new inputs provided by Vanpic promoter and accused Nimmagadda Prasad and the foreign investigation unit of the agency. However, Jagan stonewalled most of the queries,\" said a CBI source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13791160", "title": "Garo National Liberation Army procuring arms from Myanmar via city", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) has emerged as one of the biggest procurers of arms in the state, using the city as their main transit route. The outfit, which built a nexus with Ulfa hardliners in the recent past, is now in close contact with many Nagaland and Manipur-based outfits, mainly the NSCN(IM) and Peoples' Liberation Army (PLA) and gunrunners from Myanmar.Since the beginning of this year, security forces here have arrested at least 15 GNLA militants from various areas and recovered many sophisticated weapons from them. \"They are buying AK47s, AK74s, Chinese grenades, Heckler and Koch rifles, Glock guns, US-made sophisticated pistols from these gunrunners,\" added an official.According to the security forces, GNLA is now procuring sophisticated arms from gunrunners in the India-Myanmar border area with the help of the NSCN(IM), PLA and Ulfa, too.\"This indicates that all these outfits are now in constant touch and involved in gunrunning. GNLA is now procuring sophisticated arms in a bid to strengthen its muscles. The outfit has a huge abduction racket in many parts of West Garo hills and in Goalpara district of Assam and is buying arms to this purpose,\" said another senior police official here.On Saturday, the city police's operation wing nabbed four GNLA cadres including Pintu Marak, brother-in-law of GNLA 'commander-in-chief' Sohan D Shira, and two Nagaland-based gunrunners from the city's Tetelia area. The sleuth recovered one AK74 (grenade launcher) rifle, 25 grenades, one Barrette pistol and more than 900 live ammunition from their possession.\"Te militants confessed that the consignment was procured from Myanmar and was being taken to Garo Hills through Nagaland and Assam. The weapons were concealed in secret chambers built inside the vehicle,\" he informed.The city police have already called for help from their counterparts in Meghalaya to deal with the situation. \"The city has become the prey to a chain of militant outfits from the neighbouring states who are trying to spread the gun-running racket in the region. There are several cases where they outsource the smuggling through local gangs by paying them handsomely,\" said the official.In a joint venture by both city and Meghalaya police, the security forces have started visiting border villages and trying to strengthen village defense parties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13796741", "title": "Cloud computing", "text": "Indian Institute of Job Training (IIJT) has launched a new course on cloud computing called IT Infrastructure Management Specialist Course (ITIM). The course is designed to meet the everincreasing demand of IT professionals who have to manage data on a daily basis . ITIM is the management of essential operation components, such as policies, processes, equipment, data, human resources , and external contacts, for overall effectiveness. The course is offered at all IIJT centres across the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13795937", "title": "Candidates find Combined Pre-Medical Test 2012 easy, expect higher cut-off", "text": "LUCKNOW: Candidates who appeared in the Combined Pre-Medical Test 2012 on Sunday morning described the question easier as compared to last year, and predicted a higher cut-off. \"I enjoyed writing the paper as everything was from the syllabus,\" said Yamini Agnihotri who is looking forward to her selection this time. Another candidate Swati Singh, who wrote the paper for the second time, attributed a higher cut-off to an easier physics section. \"Unlike last year, there were very few numerical questions this time. Such questions are confusing and time taking forcing many students to lose marks,\" she said. The girls believed that the cut-off marks could be anything around 180.Agreeing with the girls, students of a popular coaching centre in Hazratganj, said, \"Not just physics, even the chemistry section was comparatively easy this time. There were hardly any questions from organic chemistry section,\" said Ankit Verma. Candidates had little complaints with the stringent measures taken to check entry of fake or proxy candidates inside the examination hall. \"We were supposed to report an hour before the exam. There were so many formalities to be completed and student had to pass through many checks. But in the end, we were face to face with the exam which passed off quite well,\" said Divya Mishra as she came out of the exam hall in Union Public Service Commission's office.Some of them appreciated availability of cold drinking water inside the exam hall. \"I didn't hope for a mineral water bottle inside the exam hall. Normally, people just provide water,\" said Rohit Sangra, a candidate in BSNV college. Jyoti Pandey however complained about the poor quality of stationery provided. \"The pens and pencils were so hard that my hand started aching after a point,\" she said.Authorities claimed that exam passed off peacefully and without any confusion or chaos. However, in some places, examinees complained that while the optical mark reader answer sheet had space for five digits, the question papers contained six-digit long serial number. The problem was sorted out by telling the students to drop the first digit out of the six.Entire proceedings of the exam were videographed, while finger impressions of all candidates were taken. Students were also told to leave a sample of their hand writing besides registering a unique identification mark on their bodies with the authorities at the examination centre.The exam, which was organised by Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj Medical University, saw more than 77,000 candidates appearing at 145 centres across 15 cities. In Lucknow, 31 centres were set up to help 18,000 candidates take the test. CPMT-2012 could be the last state medical entrance exam as the state government is gearing up to join the common medical entrance test likely to be launched by medical education directorate of the Union ministry of health and family welfare from 2013 academic session.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13792589", "title": "Comics no more craze for kids", "text": "RANCHI: How many of you remember Amar Chitrakatha, Raj Comics and Diamond Comics? There was a time when Nagraaj, Agniputra Abhay, Phantom, Mandrake, Chacha Chaudhary and Pinki used to adorn the shelves of every book store in the city and were an asset for children. Sadly enough, they are now a thing of past.Very few children today are seen buying comic books. Nor are the book store owners stock them anymore. \"We don't keep them any more as people rarely look for these comics nowadays. The problem arises when a customer come to us asking for these comics books\", said Manoj, a book store owner in the city.Not just Hindi but even the English comics are not in demand any more. Manish, a book shop owner said, \"Earlier there was a craze for Tintin and Asterix comics. Now people only read Archies. That's why we also stock Archies.\"Children today say they do not like reading comics as they prefer to watch cartoons on TV rather than reading them. \"I like watching Ben 10 and Pokemon, where the cartoons actually move, instead of reading them\" said 10-year-old Ashu.Another reason for people's lack of interest in comics is the modern video games and play stations. As fourteen-year-old Manjeet, said: \"I spend my time playing with my play station II instead of reading comics which is very boring and not at all adventurous.\"The parents of these kids say they loved reading comics but, as always, the kids are influenced by their peers. So they prefer to watch cartoons and discuss about them instead of exchanging comics unlike kids of the past generation.Animesh Raj, father of a 12-year-old, said, \"We used to collect comics like treasure and trade them for other comics. Nowadays kids exchange video game cassettes instead of comics.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13789306", "title": "Andhra Pradesh technological colleges wake up to growing exodus of students", "text": "HYDERABAD: Technological colleges in the state may well face a serious student crunch in the coming academic year with migration of students to other states increasing by over 5%.More and more students from Andhra Pradesh are opting for colleges in Karnataka and Tamil Nadu over institutions in the state to pursue higher education.Some of the colleges which have become quite popular this admission season include Karnataka's Amrita Institute of Technology and SRM University and Vellore Institute of Technology in Tamil Nadu.While a total of 2.8 lakh students appeared for the state engineering entrance examination, Eamcet, about 30,000 students from AP have applied for admissions to these institutions in neighbouring states.With admissions to these colleges closing by the second week of this month, at least 60,000 students are expected to leave the state for their higher education.That would mean that at least one-fourth of the total number of 2.7 lakh seats in engineering colleges in AP are expected to remain vacant due to the migration factor. Officials said that a delay in the commencement of classes is one reason why students are moving to other states.\"Every year, the admissions are completed by end August with classes starting around mid-September. With most reputed colleges having completed admissions by then, students opt for these colleges,\" a higher education department official said.However, this year, there has been an increase in the number of students opting for courses outside the state as they do not know what their tentative position in the state rankings would be.\"Earlier, JNTU used to release Eamcet ranks in May. This year the Eamcet committee announced that the ranks will be out only in June.Many students could have opted to go to college in another state because they did not want to take a chance on the Eamcet results,\" said N Kumar, dean of Chaitanya Group of Institutions.Meanwhile, college managements in the state claimed that over half the seats might remain unfilled this year as the migration of students may well increase by the end of June when admissions close in colleges in Maharashtra and Kerala.Colleges in other states said that, over the past five years, the number of students from AP turning up for admission had increased by 15%. \"Most of these students opt for colleges outside even if they clear AP's entrance examination,\" said N Sethuraman, registrar, SRM University, Tamil Nadu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "13792636", "title": "Cookery course in Jamshedpur from June 12", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Come June 12 and the housewives of the Steel City will learn the art of becoming 'Annapurna' (goddess of food) of their households.Form 'aam aur nariyal ki meethi roti' to 'pan pizza' to 'chana bindi potatoes' - the recipe of these mouth-watering dishes will be taught to them by noted chef Shobha Indani who is scheduled to take classes in the city for two days. The three social entrepreneurs of the city, Rashmi Garg, Divya Garg and Lucky Modi have come together to organize Shobha Indani's cookery classes for the Jamshedpur women. \"The two-day session will be held at Agarsen Bhavan on June 12 and 13,\" said Rashmi.She said Shobha, tipped to be one of the few reputable chefs of the country, is visiting here for the first time. The two-day workshop will have about 100 women of the city and its surrounding towns participating. \"The aim behind organizing the event is to hone the cooking skills of the women,\" said Rashmi who also said that a harmonious blend of a woman's role in a kitchen is as significant as music to lyrics and colours to painting.Shobha Indani has been taking cookery classes for the past 18 years in Pune as well as many other places in India. The institute Shobha Indani's Cookery Classes (SICC) was independently started four years back. A tremendous response to the Hindi version of her best seller cookbook Swad Sugandh made Shobha a popular name in every household across the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13792225", "title": "One arrested for lewd comments", "text": "PATNA: Police on Sunday arrested one Sonu Kumar on the charge of passing lewd comments against a married woman at Adarsh Colony near Saguna Mor on June 1 night. Police said one Rita Devi (name changed) was on a stroll on June 1 night at Adarsh Colony near Saguna Mor under the Danapur police station when two youths, including Sonu Kumar, passed lewd comments against her. Her husband lodged a written complaint with the police station concerned in this connection on June 2 against two persons, including Sonu, who is also a resident of Adarsh Colony. Danapur police station SHO B K Singh said that raids were on to arrest the other accused.Six criminals arrested: A Samastipur police team on June 1 arrested six criminals from street number 4 in Chandmari locality under the Kankarbagh police station here. Sadar SDPO Rashid Zaman said the arrested criminals had taken shelter here after committing loot in an area falling under the jurisdiction of Sarairanjan police station in Samastipur district. The arrested criminals had been identified as Manmohan Kumar Jha, Arun Kumar alias Sikandar, Rahul Kumar, Kanhaiya Sharma, Krishna Kumar alias Chotu and Gautam Mishra. The police team also recovered two motorcycles from their hideout, the SDPO said.Murder accused on the run : The Phulwarisharif police have failed to arrest two accused in the killing of a land broker, Vashisht Muni alias Bhora Yadav, on Saturday. Bhora, a native of village Alampur, was gunned down by armed criminals near Musahari at Dhuparchak village under the Phulwarisharif police station. The deceased's brother, Dinanath Yadav, had lodged an FIR against Pappu Singh and Mantriya, both residents of village Dhuparchak, with the Phulwarisharif police station in this connection. Phulwarisharif SHO N K Rajak said that Bhora, Pappu and Mantriya were land brokers. Prima facie, it seems that a dispute broke out among them either over money or on some land-related issue, the SHO said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13804634", "title": "Yuvraj and Harish are sharing screen in Buraah", "text": "Film - Buraah Starring - Yuvraj Hans, Harish Verma, Avantika Hundal, B.N.Sharma Director - Sagar S. Sharma Production House - DIY entertainmentBuraah is an upcoming Punjabi film starring 'Yuvraj Hans', 'Harish Verma', 'Avantika Hundal', 'B.N.Sharma' among others. The film has been directed by 'Sagar S. Sharma' and the production house is DIY entertainment.While 'Yuvraj Hans' and 'Harish Verma' are sharing the screen again, the female lead 'Avantika Hundal' is known for her portarayal of 'Arushi' in Mann Kee Awaaz Pratigya , a popular soap opera on Star Plus.The shooting of the film is on at Punjabi University Patiala and Gian Sagar institues. A part of the film has also been shot at Govt. (State) College of Education, Patiala and Chitkara University,Punjab Campus.Source: Dollysandhu, punjabiportal.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13790887", "title": "Man banished by villagers killed by gang", "text": "CHENNAI: Unidentified men attacked a couple who were allegedly ostracized from Thottimedu village near Ponneri, leaving the man dead and the woman injured on Sunday.Police said none of the villagers came to the rescue of the couple - Durai (55), a farmer and his wife Murugammal (50) -- even after seeing them in a pool of blood as they were ostracized by the village head.Later police took them to the hospital where the man died.Police suspect the gang attacked the couple after Durai approached revenue officials seeking permission to take part in the village temple festival.The couple were ostracized after their son Saravanan (28) married from another community despite stiff opposition from the villagers. So Saravanan and his wife lived in Red Hills while his parents lived in their village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "veldurthy (guntur)", "code": "13789266", "title": "Masses brave searing heat to hear mother, daughter", "text": "VELDURTHY (GUNTUR): Located 40 km away from the unbearably hot Rentachintala, Veldurthy village was a fireball on Sunday. Hot winds coupled with intense heat waves swept through the village right from morning. Mercury soared to 46 degrees Celsius but braving the blistery hot conditions, women gathered in huge numbers at the village centre at around 10am. They waited patiently for the VIP though there was hardly any shelter to take cover from the scorching heat.Their wait prolonged further. But they did not move an inch. Around 1.30pm, the prachara ratham of Vijayamma and her daughter Sharmila made its way into the village which is at the border of Guntur. Soon, more crowds joined. \"We have not seen such a turnout for any public meeting in the past two decades,\" Venkatappa Reddy, 70-year-old former sarpanch of Sirigiripadu village, said.Although Veldurthy is a Reddy-dominant mandal in Macherla segment, interior villages are inhabited by Banjara tribals. A good number of tribals also turned up to listen to Vijayamma and her daughter, who is now stealing the show at every road show with her speeches. Although Vijayamma made a lengthy speech, it was Sharmila who took on the rivals head-on in her public address. \"Do not allow the conspirators, who threw us out on the streets, to win even a single seat,\" she roared.Sharmila upped the ante and did not mince words in criticizing the political opponents. Without taking AICC chief Sonia Gandhi's name, Sharmila appealed to the voters to teach a lesson to those who rendered injustice to the family of Rajanna (her late father YSR) while enjoying the power brought by him. The masses shouted loudly in approval of her statements when she said that her brother Jagananna was jailed only because he confronted the Congress high command.She said that Jagan would be the best chief minister of the state and making him the CM is the only solution for the people of the state. She said that Congress and TDP are scared after seeing the massive public support to Jagan. She said that CBI was acting at the behest of the Congress high command and it was confirmed by its former director Joginder Singh himself.Vijayamma said her family was being harassed only after Jagan took up Odarpu yatra. \"It is unfortunate that police were conducting searches on our vehicles and even searching our suitcases after we set out on poll campaign,\" Vijayamma said, with tears rolling down her cheeks. She said they were compelled to hit the streets to support the leaders who sacrificed their positions for the sake of farmers' welfare. YSR Congress candidate Pinnelli Ramakrishna Reddy and party convenor Marri Rajasekhar and others were also present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "tirupati", "code": "13790016", "title": "Azad blames Jagan for bypolls in state", "text": "TIRUPATI: Realizing that they cannot remain mute spectators to the smear campaign unleashed by the YSR Congress ahead of the June 12 bypolls, the Congress leadership sent its general secretary in-charge of AP affairs Ghulam Nabi Azad to take on Vijayamma and Sharmila. At a public meeting in Tirupati on Sunday, Azad accused YS Jaganmohan Reddy of pursuing power-hungry politics and bringing on an unnecessary bypolls on the people of the state.Chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy said Jagan was imprisoned for resorting to financial frauds. \"He did not go to the jail for the sake of farmers or labourers,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13790910", "title": "Dry weather has corporation worried", "text": "COIMBATORE: Expect taps to run dry if the south west monsoon gets delayed further. With monsoon failing to keep its date with Kerala coast, water level in Siruvani dam is fast depleting. At the moment the corporation has prepared a contingency plan in an attempt to stretch the available water in the reservoir to be supplied to the residents till the arrival of rain which as per Met department is likely to occur only by June 5, almost a week late. The water supply department of the corporation is mulling to gradually increase the frequency of Siruvani water distribution and also cut short the time duration of supply by 30 minutes in a bid to ensure that the available water lasts till the arrival of rain.\"As far as Siruvani dam is concerned we are solely dependent on rains. We are trying our best to augment the water supply by streamlining the distribution cycle and judiciously using the available water till rains arrive,' said SM Velusamy, Mayor, Coimbatore Corporation.As on Sunday, the city corporation supply only 62.9 mld of water from Siruvani as opposed to the standard quantity of 85 mld according to corporation sources. At the moment the water level in the dam is at 865.17 metre and the dead storage level in the reservoir is 863.5 metre. The water level at Siruvani dam is dipping at an alarming rate at the moment and the water is expected to last only for two more weeks. Siruvani water is supplied to 29 wards of the corporation and the remaining water supply is met from Pillur first scheme with 65 mld water and additional 30 mld from Pillur II project.The suburbuan areas recently added to the area is also supplied with around 7mld of water from Kurichi- Kuniamuthur-Kinnathukkadvu Aliyar water scheme and the Kavundampalayam combined water scheme from Bhavani river is also supplying water to peripheral areas in Kavundampalayam, Vadavalli and Veerakeralam. There are selected portions in the city including Dr Radhakrishnan street, Gandhipuram and nearby areas where drinking water supply has been hit in the recent days with supply being given once in eight to nine days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "13796004", "title": "One dies, one hurt in Pernem accidents", "text": "MAPUSA: One senior citizen was killed and another injured in two separate accidents in Pernem. Police said that Saraswati Salgaonkar, 60, of Maina-Korgao was hit by a two wheeler while she was crossing the road.Salgaonkar was severely injured and was admitted at the government hospital at Tuem.Passengers travelling by bus from Keri to Panaji then helped to take her to the hospital by an ambulance. As her condition turned critical, she was then shifted to GMC but died on the way. The deceased was a vendor selling vegetables, flowers and fruits at the Pernem market.Pernem police conducted a site panchanama and the body was sent for post mortem. Later, it was later handed over to relatives. PSI Mohan Gawde is investigating the case further.In another incident, a senior citizen, Victim Babaji Mahale, 65, was hit by a truck, injuring him severely, along NH17 at Ugvem.The truck was proceeding from Patradevi to Porvorim. Mahale, a pedestrian, was walking along the roads with his cattle.Cops arrested the truck driver, Parshuram Naik, 30, of Pedem, Mapusa. Police has registered the offence under various sections of the IPC and MV Act. Investigations are in progress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13790223", "title": "Nathupur villagers fed up of water, sewage problems", "text": "GURGAON: People of Nathupur village blocked MG Road for an hour recently after the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) failed to address their persisting problems of lack of drinking water and sewage overflowing on the streets.\"I have been assured by the MCG officials that the issues would be resolved within a month. If they don't do it, we will block roads again and convey our problems to the opposition leaders,\" said Karamveer, sarpanch of Nathupur village.The sewage flows outside the lines and children often fall in it. \"There is no exit for the sewage. It flows from one alley to the other. Each time we raise our voice against it, the corporation officials come with suction machines and take away the waste, and soon forget about the root cause of the problem,\" said village head Mahender Singh.Drinking water is available only for half an hour at 7 in the morning but even that has not been regular lately. Those who have boring machines somehow manage and also give water to their neighbours. But even they have started complaining now. \"There is no water available even at a depth of 300 feet,\" said Rajesh, a resident.Almost 10,000 people live in 500 houses in Nathupur. Some have been buying two water tankers every day. Tankers are just enough for 400 people. \"No one listens unless we resort to extreme measures,\" said Shishram, an another resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13790506", "title": "Particle found in injection from free medicine store", "text": "JAIPUR: A 'suspended particle' was found in an intravenous fluid bottle which a patient procured from the drug distribution centre (DDC) under the chief minister free medicine scheme at Sawai Man Singh hospital on Sunday.Following the incident, the Rajasthan Medical Services Corporation (RMSC) directed the SMS hospital superintendent Dr LC Sharma to remove the pharmacist, who handed over the bottle of IV fluid to the patient's attendant without checking it properly.The incident happened in the morning when the doctors asked the attendant of a patient Babulal Gurjar admitted to the burn ward to bring sodium lactate injection (IV fluid). Pankaj, attendant of Gurjar, claimed that got the IV fluid from DDC in front of burn ward from DDC 8. He alleged that without checking the bottle properly, the pharmacist gave it to him.Before the nursing staff administered the fluid, Pankaj spotted the suspended particle and complained about it to the hospital administration.RMSC managing director Dr Samit Sharma said, \"Directions have been issued to officials to withdraw entire batch of IV fluid from the DDC. As a precaution, the entire batch will be sent for testing for the third time as the entire batch passed testing twice in the lab. It is not a case of contamination as there is a single suspended particle in the bottle. It is an isolated case and not a reason to doubt the quality of drugs supplied at DDC.\"The RMSC has directed to replace the pharmacist who gave the IV bottle to the patient.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13794751", "title": "Be the best at what you do: Swati Piramal", "text": "Swati Piramal, doctor, scientist, industrialist and director, Piramal Healthcare , was recently elected to the Harvard Board of Overseers that oversees all the Harvard Schools. She talks to Sangeetha NambiarIn what way do you think will an Indian's presence on the Harvard Board of Overseers help the country?As one of the members of the board, I want to contribute in a big way. While on the board of the Harvard School of Public Health, I invited members from the varsity to tour Indian hospitals and initiate several programmes . We developed the new idea of training doctors to make them physician scientists since there are very few of them in India . We are looking at designing a special curriculum that can be placed online for the benefit of a large number of people. Harvard has done some amazing work in India and being on this board, will enable me to continue the good work.Personally, what does this honour really mean to you?When I completed my Master's degree at the Harvard School of Public Health in 1992, I never dreamt that one day I would be elected to this prestigious 300-year-old institution's board. It is a great honour to be on the board as you have to be nominated by and voted for by the entire alumnus.The Indian education system has been criticised for being theoretical and stressing on textbook knowledge. What steps do you think policy-makers must take to change this approach?The stress on textbook knowledge is one of the biggest problems of our education system. We also find that many children, especially girls in rural areas, are unable to go to schools, or drop-out early. We run an NGO and are also involved in several CSR activities, one of which includes training rural headmasters in education. It is important to stress on the need for knowledge as opposed to just textbook learning. We have designed a programme for young graduates who can in turn teach at the grassroots level. For this, we started the Piramal-Gandhi Fellowship around four years ago, which follows Mahatma Gandhi's main principle - be the change. The programme has been successful in Gujarat, Rajasthan and Maharashtra and we are looking to extend it to more states. Our basic philosophy is \"improving the education system to make it as it should be.\"Why is it that India has not been able to set up world-class educational institutions like Harvard, Cambridge and Oxford?It is true that we are far behind when it comes to setting up world-class institutions. But, we can make a quantum jump like we did in the field of IT. Technology can be the game-changer where we don't need a classroom and everything can be made available online. One of the biggest hurdles in the country is the existence of regulatory bottlenecks, which hamper such developments. Some of these rules and regulations need to be eased for us to make progress.Is there a renewed interest among Indian students to pursue pure science courses? What kind of options do such students have in India?We have a long way to go in terms of research and brain drain is a serious problem. We find it very difficult to find research students in India. In Piramal for instance, we train people in specialised research only to lose them to another company once they are trained. We have trained to reverse the drain to some extent by getting Indian researchers to come back from abroad and work for us. But this involves a lot of cost. To get good people, we have to pay them well, provide them with requisite facilities and give them enough creative freedom.As a businesswoman what is your advice for young entrepreneurs?I would like to tell aspiring entrepreneurs that in this morass of defeatism when we are facing a recession-like situation and when there is a policy paralysis, just be the best at what you do. Work hard to excel, drive the envelope of knowledge and you will definitely succeed. For example, when we bought Nicholas Piramal in 1988, the company's revenue was Rs 15 crore. When we sold a generic portfolio of the company, we garnered $3.8 billion.What are your plans for the future?I would love to use technology to improve healthcare and education in the country. Like Jawaharlal Nehru said, we can find solutions to poverty with the correct use of technology.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13808793", "title": "The Vatican asks Bhavna to make a film on rosary", "text": "This week the Pope watched Bhavna Talwar's film Dharm. We now hear that the Vatican has assigned Bhavna the job of researching and making a film on the rosary and its links with holy beads the world over.Bhavna, laid up with a slipped disc, is barely able to express her ecstasy through her anguish. \"It's a huge honour. I'll be making a film on the genesis of the rosary and its link with holy beads in other religions across the worlds.\"What fascinates Bhavna about the rosary is its universality. \"Hindus, Muslims. Christians...every religion uses the holy beads as a chant. The concept of repetition as meditation is universal and it cuts across all religion and culture. I will be exploring this concept of universality through the holy beads.\"The film which would be a mix of documentary and fiction would take Talwar to various remote parts of the world from Istanbul to Jerusalem and of course the Vatican. In her endevour to make a film on the rosary, Bhavna Talwar would be joined by Italian anthropologist and author Franco La Cecla.Says Bhavna, \"Franco is the one who mediated between me and the Vatican. He is a bit of a creative wanderer. He has written a book on the art of getting lost in unknown cities. I intend to travel with him to various unknown cities to research on the rosary, as soon as my back allows.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13789741", "title": "Plastic unit goes up in flames", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a fire that occured at around 11 am, a pile of plastic, belonging to Srikrishna Plastics, stored for recycling was gutted in Gaganpahad on Sunday.Bystanders called up the fire control room after spotting thick smoke emanating from an open area. While four fire tenders were deployed, including those from Chandulal Baradari, Moghulpura, Langar Houz and State Training School, Secunderabad, it took over six hours to control the fire as thick smoke was causing a hindrance. The extent of the damage is expected to be around Rs 7 lakh. Owner of the recycling unit, Vimal Kumar Bang, collapsed after seeing the stock go up in flames and was admitted in a private hospital in the city. His condition is reportedly stable but he has been kept under observation. The cause of fire is believed to be an unstubbed cigarette butt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "13790413", "title": "Crime goes hand in hand with lack of education, says study", "text": "THANE: The tilt towards crime and delinquency is strongly linked to the high percentage of illiteracy among Muslims, states a research study on Muslim prisoners conducted by Tata Institute of Social Sciences (TISS) in 2009.The report based on interviews with 3,086 Muslim inmates across 15 jails in Maharashtra, reveals that 31% of the undertrials and convicts could not read or write, while another 61% could barely understand the written word having studied only up to Class IV.Only a small number of inmates from the minority community had completed their higher secondary education, while few had gone to college or completed their postgraduate degree, states the report by Dr Vijay Raghavan and Roshni Nair from the Centre for Criminology and Justice of TISS.\"If we add the percentage of illiterates to those educated up to the primary level. Only 0.6% had completed their graduation while the number of postgraduates was a marginal four,\" the 117-page survey report states.The study was complied after sessions with offenders, prison authorities, kin of the prisoner and representatives of voluntary groups working with inmates.Poverty and lack of education among Muslims have surfaced as the key reasons for them taking to crime, the report suggested. The highest number of illiterate inmates was found in Mumbai and Thane.Of the total 614 undertrials and convicts in Thane jail, 176 were had never been to school while 378 had barely attended primary school. Of the 709 inmates in Mumbai jails, 225 were uneducated and another 475 had studied only up to Class IV.A majority of the inmates interviewed by the team admitted that lack of education was the main reason for their deprivation.The report suggests that close to 48% of the Muslim prisoners had no vocational training which in turn resulted in unemployment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13794327", "title": "You can control your bladder", "text": "Gynaecologist Nikita Trehan shares some practical tips and techniques for women to deal with urinary incontinence.Incontinence among women can be embarrassing and downright frustrating. It can lead to anxiety, depression and interfere with your work, love life, sports or social activities and self-esteem. The symptoms vary depending on the type of incontinence. There are many types.Stress incontinence:This is the most common and is caused by the urethra not squeezing close well enough.Urge incontinence:This is an urgent need to urinate and sudden involuntary leaking of urine. It is caused by the bladder muscle squeezing when you don't want it to.Kegel exercise:Kegel exercises strengthen your pelvic floor muscles. You have better control of your urine flow and this prevents leaking.Bladder training: It is a technique to teach the bladder to stay relaxed. The technique involves urinating on schedule, whether you feel the urge or not and gradually increasing the time between voiding.Double voiding :Relax and empty your bladder sitting on the toilet; then stand and count 10 before sitting, relaxing, and emptying your bladder again.Food:Certain food and drinks can irritate your bladder. To prevent this, identify foods and drinks that bother your bladder and avoid them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13789548", "title": "Rape is a social issue, say Mumbai police", "text": "MUMBAI: The city police claim that it is not easy to curb rape. They say it is a social issue and that they can't be expected to come out with an initiative or solution.A four-year-old girl was allegedly kidnapped from her Mata Ramabai Ambedkar Nagar residence in Ghatkopar (E) and raped on April 8. The incident occurred after a woman locked her three daughters at her Bhaiyya chawl and went over to a neighbour's place to check the whereabouts of her husband. Half an hour later, when she returned, she found the lock broken and her four-year-old daughter missing. The next day, a local found the girl unconscious near a creek in the neighbourhood. Her medical examination showed she was raped. In another case, the Dadar police arrested Sachin Sonawane (30) for allegedly kidnapping and raping a 26-year-old woman on April 1. The victim, a slum-dweller, claimed she had gone to a public toilet in Dadar (W) when she was forced into a taxi and raped.A six-year-old girl was kidnapped from outside her hutment near Mahim station and raped in bushes opposite the railway tracks on January 24. Medical examination confirmed that she was raped. The Mahim police formed a team to track down the accused, who is suspected to be a local.In the fourth case, a seven-year-old girl was kidnapped and raped by a youth on January 23. The incident came to light after she returned to her Baiganwadi home in Shivaji Nagar, Govandi, the next day.Investigators have found that the accused are known to victims in most rape cases. \"It is a social issue and it is impossible to come out with an initiative or strategy to curb such offences. Many cases that are registered are technical (with the victim's consent),\" said Mumbai police spokesperson and deputy commissioner of police (crime branch unit-l) Nisar Tamboli. \"Offences are often committed by friends and relatives who lure the victim with false promises. Many a times, offences are committed by unidentified persons and they easily escape arrest,\" he said.Agreeing with the police, psychiatrist Dr Harish Shetty figured out three reasons that lead a person to commit rape. \"Anonymity, impulsiveness and power are some causes that drive a person to commit the offence.\"He said there is a system collapse in India. \"There is hardly any fear left in the person who commits the offence. People should come together and form a community to fight for justice, to stop the serious offence. Only then can one find a solution.\"Lawyer and former Indian Police Service officer Y P Singh said the police informally classify rape into two categories: technical and violent. \"In the case of technical rapes, there is an element of consent involved at some stage and there is no violence. Some examples of technical rapes are a lady caught red-handed in an act and then alleging rape; a man inducing a lady on false promise of marriage and having intercourse.\"\"There have also been cases where departmental seniors have called for wives of suspended juniors to stop the husband being dismissed from service, which too comes in the category of technical rape,\" said Singh.\"Good policing, stern action and media support have all brought down cases of violent rape quite substantially. But in view of social issues involved, it is not easy to bring down technical rapes. Such rapes are responsible for the overall increase in cases in India from 2,487 in 1971 to 22,172 in 2010, an increase of 791%,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "palanpur", "code": "13793663", "title": "Jodhpur bullion trader cheated in Palanpur", "text": "PALANPUR: A bullion trader from Jodhpur in Rajashtan was allegedly cheated of 1,200 gms gold ornaments valued at nearly Rs 30 lakh by a person in Palanpur, who decamped with the valuables.According to a complaint filed in city police station on Sunday, Dharmendra Ojha, an employee of a bullion firm Chadulal T Dave in Rajasthan was defrauded of the gold when he came to sell it in the city to one Naresh Kumar alias Himmatsingh Rajput.Rajput had got a shop on rent in City Light complex and paid Rs 5,000 as advance to its owner Sumeet Shah. Rajput then contacted the Jodhpur-based bullion trader saying that he wanted to buy a large quantity of ornaments for his new jewellry shop.The trader, after clarification of terms and conditions, sent Ojha along with ornaments to Rajput. Rajput, on the pretext of settling deal, went away to weigh the gold and test its purity. Meanwhile, his accomplice, who was present as a security, also stepped out on pretext of attending a phone call. Ojha waited for an hour and when no one turned up, he realized that he was cheated.Banaskantha superintendent of police Ashok Yadav told TOI that the police had launched the hunt for the cheats.However, police also blame the sheer negligence on the part of Jodhpur trader who decided to sell the valuables to unknown people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13789690", "title": "The power and drama of theatre", "text": "HYDERABAD: Leaving behind the drama of everyday life which revolves around being late for school and last minute homework, 36 city kids stepped onto the centre stage of Hyderabad's theatre life to experience the power and poetry of a three-day theatre workshop with Mohammad Ali Baig, the city's ace theatre figure. The event, which began on June 1 as part of TOI's Hyderabad for Kids campaign, offered an insight into the basics of theatre and gave the young participants an opportunity to learn simple exercises to hone their acting skills.\"I had a lot of fun here and learnt so much about theatre. The most important part for me was the whole process of getting to know the others and putting up a play on our own at the end of the day. It really helped me build my confidence and I would love to pursue acting seriously now,\" said 12-year-old Raghavi M, talking about her experience at the event. The other participants echoed her views as within three days they had come a long way from being shy kids to confident teams who enacted two small plays on their own at the end of the workshop.The first day of the theatre workshop, June 1, began with a brief talk introducing kids to the basics of theatre followed by a small exercise using bamboo sticks including deep breathing, balancing on the toes and rotating the shoulders in order to make them comfortable with body balance and movement. After a few other exercises to help them open up, the participants were asked to use the bamboo as a prop and enact any character.Their imagination left Baig impressed as in their young hands, the same bamboo transformed from a warrior's sword and a policeman's baton to a walking stick and a crowbar. \"Don't be conscious, no one is judging you,\" said Baig to the kids who were a little hesitant to come forward. \"This is how we do theatre, by shedding all our inhibitions. You must feel free, calm and comfortable, only then you will get into the skin of the character,\" he continued. He encouraged the participants to think of a detailed description for the character they were choosing in order to make the performance complete.Over the next couple of days, the group enacted a scene where they played various animals, learnt about various aspects of a theatre production such as costume, lighting, stage setting, props, direction, etc. and also about the types of staging such as proscenium (audience on one side of stage), thrust (audience on three sides), theatre-in-the-round (audience surrounding the stage) and sandwich (audience on two opposite sides of stage).Finally, they were given an opportunity to put their learning to the test in the form of a small play written and performed by the kids themselves. From cleaning the stage, setting up the set, arranging the make-shift props to cuing the lighting and delivering the dialogues, the teams pulled it off with great enthusiasm. Speaking about the event, Baig said, \"It is great to see young children taking the initiative to participate in theatre. The workshop was a wonderful experience for me.I had a great time with the kids, who are the future of theatre. It ended as a nice tribute to my father on his death anniversary on June 3.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "13788988", "title": "Amravati Municipal Corporation may extend octroi contract", "text": "AMRAVATI: Amravati Municipal Corporation may give extension to octroi. The state government is considering replacing local body tax in AMC in lieu of octroi. However, the government has not issued any notification in this regard. On June 9, the term of the octroi contract given to a private agency will end and the civic body may give it an extension. A decision in this connection will be taken in the standing committee meeting.If the extension comes through, it would be the third time AMC this would happen. During a general meeting held in April, all corporators had opposed the proposed local body tax. If AMC would give extension to octroi for two months, it would be given by 5% increased rate, said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13789075", "title": "Will it soon be goodbye to \u2018babu\u2019, \u2018babudom\u2019?", "text": "When the all-powerful Indian Administrative Service (IAS) association met to welcome newly-appointed chief secretary Jayant Kumar Banthia and to bid farewell to his predecessor, Ratnakar Gaikwad, high-ranking civil servants discussed how to end the use of the terms 'babus' and 'babudom' in the media.The words are frequently used to describe bureaucrats and the bureaucracy, but the bureaucrats feel both words are derogatory and have a negative connotation. Even family members are upset over the usage. The bureaucrats have blamed the media for corrupting the words to become synonymous with \"comfort\" and \"laziness\". A top bureaucrat said some senior bureaucrats raised the issue after the speeches, and subsequently all speakers expressed concerned over the usage. They felt the words were insulting and the media was treating them on par with clerks, even though they have been selected through an all-India examination conducted by the Union Public Service Commission, followed by a rigorous interview and prolonged training. Once inducted into the IAS, almost on a daily basis, they have to take crucial policy decisions, which have a far-reaching impact.The bureaucrats are surprised as to how 'babu', which used to describe a native Indian clerk during British India, is now used for highly-qualified bureaucrats.Erring FDA inspectors must be taken to taskA week ago, Food and Drug Administration (FDA) commissioner Mahesh Zagade shot into the limelight after he raided private premises in the western suburbs, where milk was being adulterated. Zagade and his sleuths seized a massive quantity of adulterated milk and nine persons were arrested for the illegal activities.But Zagade probably does not know that a day after the raid, the activity resumed, with the same people and at the same spot. A decade ago, when Congress leader Kripashankar Singh was minister of state for FDA, he had raided many premises across the metropolis. A huge quantity of adulterated milk was destroyed and many were arrested. Successors of Singh and predecessors of Zagade had initiated identical steps, but there was no end to the adulteration.In fact, it has become a cottage industry in areas like Dharavi, Jogeshwari and Andheri, and for four hours a family earns Rs 500-1,000 a day without much effort. The police and FDA inspectors know where adulteration takes place and the persons involved. If Zagade is keen to end the business, besides submitting all previous cases to fast-track courts, he must take erring FDA inspectors to task, or his much-publicized raid will be annual event.CM must fix responsibility on female foeticideChief minister Prithviraj Chavan's decision to step in to halt female foeticide leads one to the conclusion that all is not well with the public health and medical education departments. The Aurangabad divisional commissioner and inspector general police have gone to Beed, where a leading medical practitioner was illegally conducting sex determination tests, only after his observations. Activist Varsha Desh- pande had been knocking at the doors of the government, particularly the departments, to protest against the growth of the illegal tests and spurt in female foeticide. Following the enactment of the Pre-Conception and Pre-Natal Diagnostic Techniques (Prevention) Act, not only criminal cases were registered against erring doctors, but they were convicted too. Despite conviction, the Maharashtra Medical Council (MMC) did not cancel their registration.Cases were brought to the MMC's notice but no action was taken as it had not received any official communication. The public health department, instead of deputing a senior official to hand over documents to MMC, sent them by post and never checked if they were received. A leading doctor said the law will take its course but Chavan must fix responsibility for dereliction of duty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "yamunanagar", "code": "13792006", "title": "Haryana: Another shelter home in a spot; inmate missing", "text": "YAMUNANAGAR: A Haryana government shelter home in Yamunanagar has now come under the scanner. A 14-year-old girl has been missing from the home since last week, less than a fortnight after macabre tales of torture and sexual abuse were reported in similar centres at Rohtak and Gurgaon. Khushbu disappeared from Bal Kunj, the home for rehabilitation of destitute children between the age group of six to eight years, on May 31. An FIR was registered on June 1, following a complain by the shelter home staff and an inquiry marked into the incident by the district administration.\"We are taking the issue very seriously. The city magistrate has been asked to submit a report within 10 days. We can only assure action against those who are indicted in the report,'' deputy commissioner Ashok Sangwantold TOI. Over 90 girls, from 10 to 15 years old, were rescued by a team of National Commission for Protection of Child Rights from the Rohtak shelter home on May 9.The owners, including Jaswanti Devi and others, were charged with immoral trafficking, torture and bonded labour and sent to jail.The case triggered more controversies on Saturday, when several inmates alleged mental and physical torture during the maiden visit of city magistrate Pooja Chavvaria. Presently, Bal Kunj houses 180 inmates under the supervision of nine officials, headed by a superintendent from the district Women and Child Welfare Department, Yamunanagar.According to sources in the department, the staff members failed to give adequate replies to questions posed by the visiting officer regarding the circumstances in which Khusbhu went missing.\"Investigations are in progress and I'm hopeful of submitting the report within the given deadline. It's true that some children told me about them being treated badly by the staff. But we'll have to ascertain the truth behind these allegations,\" Chavaria said over phone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13809139", "title": "Opera Mini 7 browser comes to basic phones", "text": "Opera Software has released its Opera Mini 7 mobile Web browser for basic phones and Blackberry devices.Opera Mini 7 comes with a new feature called Smart Page which is a one-page summary of all the news from a user's Facebook and Twitter feeds. It shows your friends' status updates and tweets.Smart Page also includes suggestions for news sites to follow, and allows a users to add feeds of frequently-visited sites.Opera Mini 7 is available as a free download for Java-compatible (J2ME), S60 and Blackberry feature phones.The new browser allows users to access full websites on their mobile phones, even if it is not a smartphone.\"With Smart Page, you just open the browser, and the content is right beside your Speed Dial shortcuts in the start screen for you to skim through - super practical, super time-saving and super smart,\" said Lars Boilesen, CEO, Opera Software in a press statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13790639", "title": "Tribunal to keep watch on street food", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarati foodie with an elephantine appetite needs to know how much calories one shoves in with that lip- smacking, enticing and chatpata street food, becoming fast consumables these days. Equally important is to find out the nutritional value of the barrage of locally packaged food.The city for this purpose will have the state's first food safety tribunal which will not only provide teeth to food safety inspectors to keep quality checks on food sold in the city but also nail defaulters who make false claims about nutritional value of their products. The tribunal will be set up within the next two months.The tribunal will look into cases where defaulters are caught selling food not of the nature or substance or quality as was demanded. It will also hear cases of substandard and misbranded food and misleading advertisements. \"Food containing adulterants, unsanitary processing or manufacturing of food, offences by companies and compensation in case of injury or death of consumer among others are few of the cases that the tribunal will look into. We are integrating the municipal health machinery into the system,\" said the food &amp; drugs control administration commissioner H G Koshia.The state government has already approved the post of a presiding officer, chaired by a retired district judge and six other posts. The tribunal has become mandatory with the Food Safety and Standards Rules, 2011 being implemented. Food safety inspectors are being trained by Food Safety Standards Authority of India (FSSAI) officers with short-term chemical tests that can reveal adulterants in food instantaneously. Food inspectors of municipal corporations and the food and drugs department are part of this exercise.\"Working of the tribunal will not clash with consumer courts as they deal with special issues. The tribunal is purely for enforcement purposes and an appellate body for those who have been penalized by our officers,\" Koshia added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13806580", "title": "En Karma T shirts launched", "text": "New \"T\" offers creative way for fans to fashionably connect with their cultural roots and Bhangra Music. Vancouver based clothing company; B-Coalition is making its first foray into the music world as the sole distributor of exclusive t-shirts for North America's only live Bhangra band, En Karma. The B-Coalition and En Karma collaboration release date coincides with the band's new single, Tu Nach, releasing on May 31st.The unique vocals and instrumentals of En Karma have sparked interest in modern Bhangra for a new generation. The band , En Karma embodies, as the saying goes, six musicians that march to the beat of their own drummer, tilt toward experimentation, collaborate only with those who share their passion, create new sounds, and, by extension, construct rip-roaring musical sensations. Like with their music, the collaborated shirts strike the perfect balance between traditional and contemporary fusion.\"We are very selective of who we partner with,\" says the Founder of B-Coalition. \"It has to really feel right, and with En Karma it does. We are ecstatic they were interested in being a part of the B Coalition Family.\"B-Coalition fills a need for a South Asian fashion brand that is stylish while being affordable and determined to connect individuals to their roots. The brand recently revealed the District Collection showing a unique concept that emphasizes having pride in ones roots. B-Coalition is currently working on expanding their men's and women's lines and working on other collaborations to complement their existing products. \"At the end of the day, B-Coalition is committed to representing South Asians while serving as a role model in the community,\" he noted.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "nellore", "code": "13789201", "title": "T Subbaramireddy promises power to woo voters", "text": "NELLORE: In a novel promise, Congress candidate T Subbaramireddy said he would get additional power allocated to the district to provide relief to the people by using his good offices in Delhi. He said that new sub-stations and new power lines would also be laid using central funds if people elect him as MP from Nellore. Addressing public meetings at Buchireddipale, Rebala and Damaramadugu village of Nellore constituency on Sunday, Subbaramireddy said he would stay put in Nellore and serve the district.He appealed to people to vote for those who would develop the district. Criticising sitting MP Mekapati Rajamohan Reddy, TSR said that Rajamohan not only ditched the Congress but also the people who had voted for him. He said that Rajamohan's resignation had put a lot of burden on the exchequer.\"I jumped into the Penna River when I was a child despite not knowing swimming and emerged out successfully. Similarly, I jumped into politics when I was busy with businesses two decades ago and served the people,\" claimed TSR.The Rajya Sabha member said that he had entered the Nellore election arena following the suggestion of party chief Sonia Gandhi . Trying to woo the electorate, he said that people's appreciation had given him more satisfaction than wealth and power in life. \"People love the leader who serves them better. I do not need anything else other than the blessings of the people at this age,\" he appealed.Congress legislator Adala Prabhakara Reddy, former MLA Polamreddi Srinivasula Reddy and others were present during the campaign.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13789906", "title": "Malnourished mom, her child admitted to hospital", "text": "MUMBAI: Eighteen-year-old Sarjubai Tota, who gave birth to a malnourished girl in Buldhana a fortnight ago, has been admitted to the government hospital in Akola with her baby for \" emergency healthcare\". TOI, in its May 29 edition, had highlighted Tota's plight and the problem of malnutrition in Sangrampur block ('Malnourished kids battle to stay alive in drought-hit Maha').Tota was rendered paralysed in the third month of her pregnancy. While the mother weighs 28 kg, her daughter is just 1 kg (the normal weight of a newborn is around 2.5 kg).A team of government officials, including those from the collector's office, zilla parishad and health department, visited Tota and her daughter at their home in Shemba village on Saturday, following which the two were taken to the hospital.\"We visited the village and found that not only children but even adults are severely undernourished. In several homes, there is no sight of food,\" admitted an official from Buldhana's zilla parishad office.The Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) has adopted Shemba village, marked for rehabilitation under the Tiger Project, and will soon provide villagers with food and clothing, among other things.\"We will ensure the village gets proper and immediate rehabilitation under the Tiger Project. Until the villagers are rehabilitated, we will take care of them. For starters, we will build pakka homes there,\" said MNS district president Vinod Wagh.The tribal village of Shemba is one of the worst hit in Sangrampur district with 40 malnourished children. A health camp will be held in the village on Tuesday.The Sangrampur taluka comprises 105 villages and has 3.25 lakh residents. Of these, 15,000 live below the poverty line. While the entire region is plagued by malnutrition, 18 tribal villages have been hit the hardest.Activists have long been demanding government intervention in Shemba and other tribal villages in Sangrampur block. \"The healthcare system here does not work efficiently. Primary healthcare centre activists never visit an area to check the situation on the ground. This results in people wilting away due to malnutrition,\" said activist Kailash Khade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "jammu", "code": "13795799", "title": "Over 600 Amarnath pilgrims court arrest", "text": "JAMMU: At least 600 Amarnath-bound pilgrims, led by Vishva Hindu Parishad workers, today courted arrest after they were prevented from proceeding towards the hill shrine by the state administration.Date of the yatra was fixed June 25 by the Shri Amarnath Shrine Board (SASB), however, the pilgrims tried to start the yatra from today defying the prohibitory orders clamped to deter them.Around six hundred pilgrims from different parts of the country, including the members of VHP and few saints, assembled at Parade area of the city early this morning to leave for the cave shrine of Amarnath in South Kashmir, police said.Police took them to the Yatra Nivas in Bhagwati Nagar here after a couple of hours-long protest, officials said.The protesters were released in the evening, they added.Among the arrested were, VHP state president, Ramakant Dubey, BJP state secretary Sat Sharma besides Bhartya Janta Yuva Morcha president Manish Sharma.The devotees urged the government to extend the duration of the yatra to two months starting from Jayeshth Purnima, tomorrow.They accused the government and the Board of \"deliberately\" trying to curtail the period of the pilgrimage.VHP national spokesperson Surinder Jain demanded Governor's resignation following today's incident, saying \"being the chairman of the Board it was his responsibility to start the yatra from Jayeshth Purnima, which he has failed to do.\"He said that their \"campaign will continue till it reaches its logical conclusion.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13795201", "title": "128 million-year-old ancestor of squids, octopus found", "text": "LONDON: Scientists have unearthed the fossils of a 128-million-year-old spiky creature which they say could be the oldest ancestor of the modern-day squid and octopus. Using 3D scanning technology , a team from the Austria National History Museum unearthed the fossil of the creature, called Dissimilites intermedius, a layer at a time, and then created a video of how the creature lived and moved.The ammonite was discovered in sediment which formed at the bottom of the ocean during the Cretaceous period some 128 million years ago, but now lies at the top of the Dolomite mountains in the Alps.The scientists said that the computer tomography had allowed them to see far more than they would ever have been able to with the naked eyewith the creature exposed a layer at a timeThe team, led by Alexander Lukeneder , also discovered that the body was covered with spines each between three and 4mm long. \"Computer tomography and a 3D reconstruction programme were used to help reconstruct not only the appearance of the fossil, but also to work out how it moved.\" The spokesman added that prehistoric Tethys Ocean, which existed between the continents of Gondwana and Laurasiam, had left behind millions of years-worth of sediment at the bottom of the sea.Gondwana would break up to form much of the southern hemisphere, and Laurasia would form much of the northern hemisphere. As the centuries passed and the Alps folded out of the sea, some of the former sea-bottom sediment ended up on the peaks of the Dolomites. And it was here that a section of the former seabed was discovered - with the thickest density of fossils.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13790360", "title": "4 nabbed with stolen denim worth Rs 50 lakh", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Sola police officials arrested four persons in connection with theft of denim fabric worth Rs 50 lakh on Saturday. Police are now hunting for two more accused involved in the incident.According to Sola police officials, Nandan Exim , a Narol-based company, had filed a complaint on May 25 about theft of denim fabric worth Rs 65 lakh from a container meant for export to Egypt . As per the complaint, Surendra Betha, driver with the company, had started off on May 24 from Narol with the container. He was to reach to Khodiar village where the Western Railways has a major cargo loading center near the city.The next day, the company officials lost contact with him. During that time, they got a message that the container belonging to them was lying near Bhadaj circle. There was no driver present. When the officials checked the container, it was sealed. Thus, they sent it to Khodiar. When the container was weighed, they found that it was empty. The company officials then filed a complaint with Sola police for stolen fabric.\"We started tracking the driver with technical surveillance. At that time, we got whereabouts of four persons who were suspected to be involved with the incident. The suspects were brought and questioned thoroughly when they confessed that they had ferried the goods from Bhadaj circle to various godowns in the city. We sent teams on Sunday to Vatva, Danilimda and Behrampura and recovered stock worth Rs 50 lakh. The group has already sold the remaining stock to a Delhi-based trader,\" said a Sola police official.The arrested include Ayub Bhisti, a resident of Behrampura, Aamir Pathan, a resident of Danilimda, Feroz Malkani and Nasir Shaikh, both residents of Vatva. The group members said that they had got possession of the goods after getting confirmation from Dhoolraj Jadeja, a Kutch-based trader.\"We later got to know that Jadeja had promised Betha Rs 3 lakh for the entire stock. He even sent the money by courier to gain his trust.Jadeja, after getting the confirmation, sold the stock directly to the four for Rs 15 lakh. After they made the payment, Jadeja gave them address of Bhadaj circle from where they downloaded the cargo and sent it to various godowns,\" said the official.Police said that search for Jadeja and Betha has been initiated. The Delhi trader has also been contacted to recover the stolen goods, said officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-04"}
