{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17726502", "title": "Fishing in Lalbagh waters irk walkers", "text": "BANGALORE: It was not a welcome sight for Lalbagh walkers on Saturday morning. They were shocked to see men loading their vehicles with fresh catch of fish from the lake in the botanical garden.\"We were shocked to see men in coracles with their nets spread in water. When we questioned them, they said they are from a rights association and also claimed that they had taken permission. It's utter violation of land laws. How can the government allow fishing in a botanical garden? We could not find any authorities concerned in Lalbagh office at that time to register complaint,\" said Ullas Anand, a birdwatcher from Basavanagudi.What irked the walkers was also that vehicles to ferry the catch were allowed to come right up to the lake. There is a blanket ban on vehicular movement in the park during those hours.According to the Lalbagh authorities, an organization called Ambedkar Souharda Sahakara Sangha has been entrusted to clean up the lake. \"This association has a five-year contract with the horticulture department to remove algae, other weed and old fish from the lake so that the young fish can thrive. The contractor is not supposed to do anything other than that,\" said HM Krishnappa, deputy director, horticulture department.Earlier, the Sangha had been allowed to do the cleaning works in the mornings too. But after some walkers protested, the contractor was told that he can work only in the afternoon.\"I don't know why the fishermen have gone to the lake in the morning. I will look into the issue,\" he added.Chee Naa Ramu, chairman of Ambedkar Souharda Sahakara Sangha admitted that fishing was prohibited during morning hours. \"A new team of fishermen from our group has been fishing in the lake in the morning for three days. I have told them to stop. Fishing should be done only after 10am and before 4pm,\" he told TOI. The lake's every day yield has been put at over 10 kg of fish.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17726480", "title": "Does the city love Mumbai Indians more than India?", "text": "MUMBAI: A stadium that witnesses a full house during the IPL wore a shockingly empty look at least initially - while staging its maiden T20 international.The crowds trickled in slowly at the Wankhede in the second T20 between India and England, but it was hard to believe that despite being held on the weekend, a game of this stature would get such a lukewarm response.There were approximately 26,000 spectators in a stadium that can accommodate around 33,000. The Mumbai Cricket Association (MCA) had outsourced the sale of tickets to a website called book myshow.com, and while it was initially announced that tickets would only be available online. The MCA later resorted to sale of tickets over the counter after some tickets remained unsold Last year, there was a sparse crowd for the ODI between India and England too.Interestingly, there was a size able turnout for the Test match between these two teams a while back at this venue! \"Most of the stands that you see empty are the tickets which we give to the Gymkhanas and the Garware Club at concession al rates. We sent the tickets to them, but their members must not have picked them up,\" top MCA official told TOI.Security was another reason why the crowds couldn't make the game on time. The second innings saw a much better turn out. Interestingly, the cheapest ticket for an IPL game was for Rs 800 while the lowest priced ticket on Saturday was Rs 300, yet the IPL games were a sell out! Maybe, the Mumbai Indians is more dearer to Mumbaikars than Team India Fan keeps faith in Sachin. It's not just Sachin Tendulkar who can't contemplate the 'R word right now. Mention 'retirement' to his greatest fan, Sudhir Kumar Gautam and he gives you a cold stare. Sudhir, who hails from Muzaffarpur, Bihar, has been following Tendulkar and the Indian team across the world since the last nine years.\"Mark my words. He will shut all of you doubters up with a fabulous performance against Australia in the Tests... I want him to go on and on,\" says Sudhir sporting the Tri-colour painted on his body and waving the national flag with fervour at the Wankhede ahead of the second and final T20 international against England on Saturday. On his body the words 'Miss you Tendulkar' are painted.Sudhir reveals that he met Tendulkar in the morning. \"I had to gift the 'Master' a picture of the Sai Baba of Puttaparthi which I got made comprising various spices. He seemed a bit low but he will play in the ODI series against Pakistan. I requested him to ensure that I get to watch the first ODI at Chennai on December 30, as it is just too close to the second T20I at Ahmedabad on December 28. I can only afford to travel by train! He promised me to get a flight booking done,\" Sudhir told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17725447", "title": "Minister in fresh trouble as woman approaches court", "text": "JAIPUR: Minister of state for health Rajkumar Sharma got into fresh trouble on Saturday in the criminal case in which he, along with legislator Hanuman Beniwal and one another person, has been sentenced to three years imprisonment.A woman named Manbhari Devi approached the court saying she could not reach the SMS Hospital for treatment due to the roadblock organised on September 9, 1997 allegedly by Sharma. Beniwal and Sharma were then student leaders and were protesting to demand the arrest of accused in the infamous JC Bose hostel gang-rape case. The duo was later booked by the police for clashing with policemen, hurting them and hindering them from performing duty. The court found the accused guilty and sentenced them to imprisonment on December 17 but allowed them time to appeal.The minister's appeal against conviction was heard by the court of additional district judge (number-16), which also heard Manbhari Devi's application opposing suspension of Sharma's sentence on Saturday. The minister's counsel moved an application requesting stay on the sentence awarded to him on December 17. After hearing the arguments, the court reserved its decision for Monday (December 24).Manbhari's counsel Ajay Jain also argued that the trial court convicted the minister on four different charges and awarded four separate jail terms on each charge. \"Since the trial court did not mention that the four jail terms would run concurrently, the accused will have to serve them separately, as provided under CrPC section 31,\" Jain said in the court.Sharma, Beniwal and the third accused Vijay Dehad were booked under IPC section 332 (causing hurt to deter a public servant from duty), section 353 (assault or criminal force on public servant), section 336 (endangering human life) and section 147 (rioting). The court sentenced the trio to three years imprisonment under IPC section 332, two years under section 353, two years under section 147 and three months under section 336, besides different monetary penalties under each section. As per counsel Jain's argument in court, Sharma and the other two convicts are required to serve a total jail term of seven years and three months.In yet another criminal matter involving an elected representative, the Jaipur police filed chargesheet in court on Saturday against independent legislator Ranvir Pehalwan in a case lodged against him 18 years ago.Police have found Pehalwan, the legislator from Malpura (Tonk district), guilty under IPC section 452 (house trespass with preparation for hurt, assault or wrongful restraint). One Kailash Singh filed a complaint against Pehalwan on August 25, 1994 alleging that the latter entered his house and fired in the air to threaten his (Singh's) friend Vinod Bhati. Pehalwan alleged had some dispute with Bhati, following which the latter approached police for protection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17726888", "title": "University feels insecure as Romeos increase on campus", "text": "ALLAHABAD: With the entire nation witnessing public outrage against the recent rape case at Delhi, the case has once again highlighted the plight of girl students across the country, including those pursuing various courses at Allahabad University who feel insecure within and outside the campus of AU because of the ever growing menace of eve-teasing.Interestingly, out of the four campuses of AU, eve-teasing is perhaps most rampant at the Arts campus. This campus has a few 'safe spots' for anti-social elements, foremost being the English department, front portion of Psychology department, Education department and the rear end of Sanskrit department. Call it the impunity or brazen attitude of the eve teasers or callousness of the authorities, these spots, where the girls are most vulnerable, are barely a few meters away from the proctor's office.When asked why such elements are not reported to the chief proctor, a girl student said, \"It seems everyone in the university has become spineless. Every passing teacher and employees, as well as the seniors are witnessing the menace daily but no one cares.\"And it is not only the English department but also the area besides the kiosk, the road in front of Psychology department, the barricade and cycle stand of KPUC gate, Union Hall gate, rear side of Sanskrit department, and front side of department of Earth and Planetary Science have become havens for such lumpen elements.\"As the Arts campus is open from various sides, the task of checking such elements has become more challenging, but one must understand that the increase of such cases indicates the falling ideology and principles of the society,\" said an AU teacher. Moreover, these elements are most active during the period when members of the proctorial team are busy taking their classes, he added.\"Vulgar remarks have become routine for us and slowly, we have learnt to negotiate with it by remaining silent as we, the girl community of AU, seldom feel that there is anyone to protect us at the campus,\" said a BA-II student of AU.Whatever the varsity authorities may have to say, the ground reality remains that the courage of eve-teasers is growing day by day while the girls are feeling unprotected. And as the varsity does not have any set punitive measures for dealing with such cases-in most cases the culprit is left just by issuing a stern warning-those who indulge in eve teasing, including both students and outsiders, continue to take advantage of the callousness of the authorities.\"The situation is very alarming for girls, both studying in AU and outside, as commuting in markets or for that matter between departments, the girls fall prey to these eve teasers does not leave any chance of passing vulgar comments. So much so, that the girls are afraid of stepping outside the gates of the department,\" said one of the elected member of the Women Advisory Board of AU, Dr Sangeeta Srivastava, who is also the head of the department of Home Science. WAB can punish the guilty but for that, the girls have to come forward and lodge complaints, she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17726681", "title": "Mamata Banerjee turns down 'Aadhaar' enrolment", "text": "KOLKATA: Here's another instance of chief minister Mamata Banerjee shedding her VVIP status to integrate with the aam aadmi. She has refused biometric enrolment in the National Population Register (NPR) to show solidarity with the people of her state where execution of the programme has been inordinately slow.The biometric enrolment is the first step to get the 12-digit unique identification (UID) or the Aadhaar number which can be used in opening bank accounts for beneficiaries of central welfare schemes under various heads like MGNREGA, student scholarships etc.On November 26, officials from the census directorate visited the chief minister's 30-B Harish Chatterjee Street residence, seeking permission for the biometric enrolment next Sunday (December 2). But Mamata opted out at the last moment, even as the rest of the household had their biometrics done. The next person in the list of VVIPs is governor M K Narayanan.An official said, \"The chief minister didn't want to be one of the privileged few to have the biometric enrolment when most Kolkatans, and the rest of the people of the state, were still not covered.\"Trinamool MP Subrata Bakshi said, \"Once again, she has set an example as a true leader. When most of the population remains outside the Aadhaar programme, she thought it wouldn't be fair to enrol just because she is the chief minister of the state.\"Officials said Mamata is peeved about the fact that no district in her state was in the recently declared list of 51 Aadhaar districts because of the tardy pace in execution.Only 18% of the population has so far been covered under the programme which is Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's pet project. Considering Singh's target of providing Aadhaar numbers to 60crore people by 2014, Bengal's figure is dismal. According to data available till November, of the 8,22,12,962 eligible residents of the state, only 1,54,54,600 have been covered.According to the Census Act 1948, municipal corporations and police are supposed to assist the census directorate in executing any enumeration exercise. Thanks to the lack of cooperation by the state machinery and non-availability of biometric kits, the ambitious plan is lagging behind in Bengal. The census directorate, which is overseeing NPR in the state, doesn't have the manpower to execute the programme on its own. The census directorate recently sent a report to state home secretary Basudeb Banerjee that only 1,005 of the targeted 3,330 biometric kits had been installed in the state.At the chief minister's insistence, the home secretary recently convened a meeting and asked district magistrates to expedite NPR and take the percentage of population covered to some respectable figure. The census directorate intends covering 61% of Kolkata by February. The second round of biometric enrolment will begin from January 15. The programme is yet to take off in Salt Lake where the census directorate is located. Sources said the municipality has been deferring the programme pleading lack of staff.The census directorate had started and set the NPR ball rolling with a pilot project in Howrah in July 2011. Work is yet to begin in three districts - North Dinajpur, Bankura and Purulia. The authorities want to cover 90 per cent of the population in Howrah so that it can be included in the list of Aadhaar districts. So far, 79 per cent of the work has been executed in Howrah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17724366", "title": "Stirs cripple academic ambience", "text": "RANCHI: Strikes of various teachers' bodies, late delivery of books and non-delivery of school uniforms have affected the performances of primary and secondary students of the state and forced them to go through a bad phase in 2012.The academic year started without books. When the books were delivered to the primary and secondary students, four months had already gone. However, HRD minister Baidyanath Ram said the arrival of books was delayed \"only\" by 15 days. \"According to Sarva Sikhsa Abhiyan, the first three months of the academic year is only for revision when new books are not needed. The books have arrived 15 days late but we will make sure that books reach on time in the next academic year,\" the minister said.Two weeks after the books were delivered, 85,000 para teachers went on a strike on August 28 for 63 days demanding hike in honorarium and enacting the Para Teachers' Service Bill. After the HRD minister promised to form a committee to look into their demands, the agitators called off their protest. However, no committee has been formed even one and a half month after the announcement. The para teachers seem upset with the attitude of the HRD department towards their demands and are planning another protest now.State chairperson of the Jharkhand Para Teachers' Association Sanjay Dubey said, \"The department is doing nothing to form the committee. We met the HRD minister many times but all we get is some promises. If the government doesn't become serious about our demands, we will resume our protest. We have called a meeting on December 23 to discuss our future plans.\"When the para teachers were agitating, the teachers of primary schools also went on a strike from September 5 seeking to delink them from non-teaching work like construction of school buildings and preparation of midday meals. They also demanded recruitment of principals at 87% schools.On August 29, more than 200 state education service officers, 500 addition education service officers and 800 project officers went on a strike demanding hike of salary and timely promotions. All these agitations affected studies and midday meal scheme of 55 lakh students in 41,000 primary and middle schools of the state.As the strikes got over in mid-November, murder of two teachers of Gumla in December again led to a protest by primary teachers and para teachers who resorted to mass leave for two days.The education situation is also plagued by vacant posts of 20,000 government teachers and 23,731 para teachers. Ram said, \"We have started the recruitment process of 1,233 teachers for plus two schools and soon primary and para teachers vacant posts will also be fulfilled.\"The HRD department also announced distribution of two sets of school uniforms to students of government schools but it has still not been done. \"We have started the procedure, students will get two sets of uniform soon. The next year will be much better for the students,\" Ram assured.But the students are keeping their fingers crossed, because they do not know whom to believe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17725850", "title": "Gavit chargesheet: Govt gets 4 weeks", "text": "AURANGABAD: The Aurangabad bench of Bombay high court of justices Ambadasrao Joshi and Sunil Deshmukh on Friday asked the state government to decide within four weeks whether to permit filing of a chargesheet against medical education minister Vijaykumar Gavit in connection with the alleged misappropriation in government schemes and providing benefit to 750 bogus beneficiaries.The misappropriation in the government welfare schemes including Sanjay Gandhi Niradhar Yojana, National Senior Citizen Pension Scheme and Indira Gandhi Landless Agriculture Scheme were allegedly committed in Nadurbar district between 1999 and 2002 when Gavit was the state tribal development minister and guardian minister of Nandurbar district.The petitioner's counsel Amarjeet Singh Girase said, \"The embezzlement in the bogus beneficiaries case came to light after it was brought to the notice of the state government in 2000. A committee headed by the Nashik divisional commissioner arrived at the conclusion in 2001 that there has been maladministration in the implementation of the three schemes.On the directions of the state government, Nandurbar's collector directed the tehsildar to lodge a complaint. Nine complaints were lodged at Nandurbar taluka police stations in 2001. They were against Vijaykumar Gavit, chairman of the selection committee of these schemes, his brother Sharad Gavit now a Samajwadi Party MLA and 50 government officials of various ranks who played a role in the embezzlement of funds meant for 750 bogus beneficiaries of these schemes, added Girase.The government officials included 20 medical officers, a block development officer, two nayab tehsildars, three circle officers, 17 talathis and five clerks.After a thorough probe, Nandurbar's superintendent of police sent a request to the state government in 2003 seeking approval to file a chargesheet against Gavit and 50 government officials.A writ petition was filed in the Aurangabad bench of Bombay high court in December 4 this year, following which the court directed the chief secretary to file his reply. He pleaded extension of time in filing a reply due to the ongoing winter session.The court set December 21 as the date to file the reply. The state government its reply has said that it has given permission to file chargesheets against the 50 government officials. It sought 12 weeks' time to take a call on the filing of a chargesheet against Gavit.This plea was rejected by the bench which gave the state four weeks to decide on the filing of the chargesheet against Gavit, Girase said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17724447", "title": "Zoo revamp on the cards", "text": "KANPUR: A team of Central Zoo Authority (CZA) officials visited Kanpur Zoological Garden on Saturday to inspect the zoo and to go through the master plan the zoo administration has made for a major revamp of the animal enclosures.RS Bhadauria, a member of expert group, Central Zoo Authority and Rupak De, principal wildlife conservator of forests inspected the entire zoo and its animal enclosures. They gave several suggestions to Praveen Rao, director, Kanpur zoo regarding the revamp of the zoo.Later, they studied the master plan prepared by Rao. The master plan consists of changes that are required to be done to animal enclosures, grouping of enclosures and acquarium. \"A complete facelift would be given to the zoo to give visitors a better view,\" said Praveen Rao while talking to TOI.Rao said the CZA team has given several suggestions and he was busy incorporating those ideas in the master layout. \"The revised master plan will be put before CZA authorities during an important meeting in Delhi on December 26. After its approval, things will take new shape in regard to changing the face of the zoo,\" said Rao.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17724238", "title": "Assam hosts convention on safety of women", "text": "GUWAHATI: Aimed at creating awareness regarding increasing atrocities on women, the state unit of All India Mahila Sankritik Sangstha (AIMSS) organized a state-level convention on women-related issues on Saturday.The organization also demanded capital punishment for the culprits involved in the recent gang-rape of a 23-year-old medical student in a moving bus in the capital.The national president of the organization, Chaya Mukherjee said, \"Atrocities against women are on the rise and the incident in Delhi has set a new low. This proves how women are looked upon in our country. There is no respect for them and they are not at all secured. Earlier, the situation was not this bad.\"\"The 23-year old girl is now battling for life and the government is watching as a mere spectator. The culprits should be hanged to death. Every woman in the state and in the country should join hands to fight against witch hunting, domestic violence, sexual harassment and dowry system. All the women organizations should get united and launch a movement to get their demands fulfilled\", she added.\"It is true many laws are enacted for the causes of the women but those are replete with loopholes. If all these laws had been implemented properly in time, then rate of crime against women would have been much less and they would have felt much safe. The government should make the laws more stringent in order to curb this menace. A few days ago, one girl was molested in Guwahati and there was protest all over the country. Such kinds of incidents are increasing. It's time that some strong actions are taken or else one day situation can get really worse,\" she added. The renowned writer and women activist of the state, Nirupama Borgohain said, \"Death penalty should be awarded to the culprits who raped the medical student in Delhi. In Delhi, crimes against women are on the rise. Even Northeast girls are also harassed on many occasion. Every woman should fight together for their rights. Martial art education should be imparted in every school of the state and women should carry sharp weapons for their self-defence.\"The state president of AIMSS Chandralekha Das said, \"We organized this convention to raise awareness regarding various atrocities against women and other issues. We demand that death penalty be awarded to the culprits involved in the gang-rape. We condemn the incident.\"At least 1,500 people took part in the rally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17724220", "title": "Surti businessmen go on pilgrimage after Modi's win", "text": "SURAT: Such is their faith in the leadership of chief minister Narendra Modi that 150 of his young supporters have undertaken a 250 km journey to Sai Baba temple in Shirdi on foot to celebrate his hat-trick. These youngsters are into real estate, textile and diamond business.A month before the elections, a real estate developer Sanjay Movaliya along with his friend Mukesh Patel had taken a vow that if Modi performs a hat-trick, they would undertake the Shirdi pilgrimage from Surat.\"We started listing names of the people who would want to take this vow and join us in our yatra and ended up with 150 names,\" said Movaliya. The group started its journey on Friday.\"We have decided to walk 45 km per day and plan to reach Shirdi by December 27,\" Movaliya told TOI from Vansda.The pilgrimage resembles a royal caravan with six tempos containing all the necessary items. In addition to these are 30 cars that are also moving in the caravan.\"We have decided to put up tents in forest areas for night halts if we don't find any dharamshala or temple to spend the night. We have our cooks and other machinery in place to take care of everyone's need,\" said Patel.\"This is Gujarat's new aspiration in motion. We are prepared to work hard but at the same time, we want a good life and development in our state. We support Modi for that,\" said Movaliya.Although the group comprises 150 pilgrims but the dinner is prepared for no less than 300 people as they have friends visiting them on a daily basis. They also play to host to the local population of the place where they are halting for the night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17726829", "title": "Romeos rule outside colleges", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Girl students in the capital have a tough time dealing with youths who hang around their educational institutions to tease and harass them. They pass lewd remarks and hoot loudly to attract their attention while driving past in a vehicle, they complained. Sometimes girls are forced to change their regular route to avoid their tormentors.A girl from RD Women's College said, \"Boys from outside the college stand at the gate and make comments at us but we ignore them. If we react, they harass us more. Sometimes they play high-decibel music in their cars when girls pass by.\"Another girl from the same college said, \"Once I screamed at a boy who wanted to know my address, but he followed me all the way home. I was very embarrassed.\"But the police said they do not get regular complaints from girls or their parents. \"May be two or three in a month. But immediately after that we send our officers to that spot. We cannot identify areas where harassment is rife, but we act as and when we get a complaint,\" said Amita Tripathy, IIC, Mahila police station.The president of the students' union at RD Women's College, Pallabi Mohapatra, said, \"The boys comment on everything------from our clothes, makeup and even figure. I think we girls are making a mistake by ignoring them. We should immediately report the matter to the police.\"Puja Rani Behera, another student, felt that in most cases, girls become an object of visual feast for boys. \"They will have to say something about us. So I think it is best to look the other way and pretend you have heard nothing,\" she said.Parents are also increasingly getting concerned about the safety of their daughters after cases of rape and brutality started pouring in. \"Bhubaneswar is definitely safer than other cities but till 6 pm. After that I would want my daughter to be with us when she goes out. Why invite trouble?\" asked Sheela Sabat, a government employee.Psychologists said it is only natural that adolescent boys would get attracted to girls, but trouble begins when the attraction gets fatal and they turn tormentors. \"Even sometimes middle aged men indulge in teasing. This is an outpouring of suppressed and unsatisfied sexual desires. There should be strict punishment for teasers and those who harass women . They should not be given bail if they are booked,\" said Namita Mohanty, reader in psychology at the Utkal University here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17725777", "title": "Rs 150 crore bullet-proof office ready for Narendra Modi", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi would shift to his newly-built office in Gandhinagar unofficially dubbed as the 'North Block' after 'kamurtas' or the inauspicious period ends in mid-January. Incidentally, the Prime Minister's office is located inside New Delhi's South Block.The new Rs 150-crore chief minister's office complex, built in less than a year, has a south block too modeled on New Delhi's secretariat, where his ministers will have their offices. The complex will be officially called 'Panchamrut', meaning that elixir for six crore Gujaratis will flow from here.The four-floor building \u00e2\u20ac\u201d spread across 35,000 sq ft \u00e2\u20ac\u201d has been built by the roads &amp; buildings (R&B;) department and designed by a leading Ahmedabad architect, who has also designed the Gujarat high court and Amul dairy building apart from some corporate offices.Given the security concerns, bullet proof glasses have been used for its windows and doors. The centrally air-conditioned building has a special room for cabinet meetings and will be constantly under CCTV surveillance. \"The new CM office is directly connected with the first floor of the state assembly from where the CM, ministers and MLAs can enter the assembly hall,\" said a senior R&B; official.Modi took keen interest in every detail of the design. Currently, Modi's office is located on the fifth floor of block No.1 in Sachivalaya. Over the past few years, the scope of its activity has expanded considerably, under his centralised style of administration, with a number of staffers occupying space on the second, third and fourth floors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17726448", "title": "Forty farmers denied power connection seek compensation", "text": "NASHIK: Forty farmers have moved the internal grievances redressal cell (IGRC) seeking compensation from the Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited (MSEDCL).The farmers are from Chandori in Niphad tehsil of Nashik district who want a single phase power connection for their residences. They are demanding compensation for the delay by the company in providing it.\"Since 2009, we have been appealing to the officials to provide a single-phase connection to the villagers. The IGRC ruled in favour of consumers but the power company has not given connections throughout 2012. The only day we received power was on November 13 after we met the chief engineer, Nashik zone. The very next day, matter were back to square one,\" said Jagannath Nathe, a villager.\"It is a typical case of harassment of the villagers by the power distribution company. The MSEDCL officials have no valid reason for not supplying power to us,\" said Chandu Jamdhade, another villager.Farmers have now decided to demand compensation for non-delivery of power till date. \"We have presented our compensation claims to IGRC against the power company for its delay in providing connections since the order of the IGRC. They were filed on December 13,\" Khanderao Nathe, another villager, said.Officials of the power utility said miscalculation of the load had led to power failure. \"Though we had set up three transformers, the load could not stand the infrastructure provided and hence it tripped. We have added another set of transformers to ensure that power supply will not be hampered,\" executive engineer GR Sakhdev said. The last time he had cited improper grounding of power supply.Superintending engineer Kishor Pardeshi said he would look into the issue. \"It does happen that the load varies damaging the infrastructure, bit we will ensure that the villagers get power supply as quickly as possible,\" Pardeshi said.Since 2009, we have been appealing to the officials to provide a single-phase connection to the villagers. The IGRC ruled in favour of consumers but the power company has not given connections throughout 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17726261", "title": "Mangalore varsity admission goes online", "text": "MANGALORE: Mangalore University's admission process has gone fully online - from the time of admission to the declaration of results. Thanks to software developed by Udupi-based Robosoft Technologies Pvt Ltd, the entire admission process in its 195 affiliate, constituent and autonomous colleges is now done online.The university will either ratify or reject the admission of student based on data uploaded online by colleges. While this eliminates all manual work related to admission, it's easy for students and colleges to track the admission status online. \"If there's any shortcoming in admission data pertaining to a student, the university authorities affix their remarks and college authorities can take remedial measures,\" Purushotham R Bhat, director (facilities and infrastructure), Robosoft Technologies told STOI.Vice-chancellor TC Shivashankara Murthy, who announced this at the third general meeting of the academic council here on Saturday, said the next logical step is for colleges to start uploading internal assessment marks of students. \"With this, entire process related to student admission will go online,\" he said.Once the university ratifies the admission, the data is sent to the examination section, which takes care of generating examination hall tickets for students, uploading marks secured in examinations with help of OMR sheets and generating marks list. The only manual part is the time when the registrar (evaluation) affixes a facsimile signature on the marks list and it's dispatched to colleges for distribution to students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17728061", "title": "Delhi gang rape: Police clamp prohibitory orders in New Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Clamping down prohibitory orders in New Delhi district, police today asked youths protesting against the gang rape of a young girl to stage demonstrations either at Jantar Mantar or Ramlila Maidan.\"Protestors may go to Ramlila Maidan or Jantar Mantar. Traffic has been diverted from Vijay Chowk and Rajpath,\" a Delhi Police statement said.It said prohibitory orders under section 144 of CrPC have been issued in New Delhi area except Jantar Mantar.The police move came a day after thousands of youth clashed with police at Raisina Hill protesting against the gang-rape and demanding speedy punishment to the criminals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17725881", "title": "Disco timings: Cops pass buck to administration", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After facing flak from various quarters over their failure to check flow of drugs into the city and errant functioning of discotheques, police appealed to the local administration to pitch in to streamline things. The Chandigarh police alleged that after issuing licences for sale of liquor to clubs and dicos as well as for keeping these open till late night, the administration does not bother to maintain an inventory of the consumption of liquor or keep a check on closing timings.Police said they have proof that drugs are easily available in smoking zones of clubs and officials can easily catch culprits by conducting raids in association with the police. \"The administration is issuing licences to discotheques and shut their eyes to goings on there. Police maintain law and order outside these places and act in case there is a complaint. However, we cannot keep a check all the time on supply of drugs in smoking zones of these clubs,\" said Ashish Kapoor, deputy superintendent of police (central). Kapoor said if the closing time of a disco is 1am but it is kept open till visitors finish their drinks, then it is a clear violation of rules.\"The administration has not maintained any inventory on sale of liquor to any discotheque and most of the times they are kept open till late as the employees there wait for customers to finish drinks. This excessive flow of drinks is also one of the major reasons why youth take to drugs,\" pointed out Kapoor. V K Singh, secretary, excise department, said this matter would be looked into.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17726338", "title": "Panchayats get second try for funds", "text": "MARGAO: A year after the government had announced that it was giving 10 lakh to all panchayats as part of the commemoration of the state's 50th anniversary, across the 33 panchayats in Salcete, only one panchayat utilized the funds which had been made available under the Directorate of art and culture's golden jubilee grant for a signature project in the village.A recent order, however, from the Directorate of art and culture has, however, extended the last date from December 19, 2012, to September 30, 2013, and relaxed the criteria that was to be met to receive funds.The village panchayat of Curtorim was the only panchayat in Salcete to complete the project where it carried out the renovation and beautification of St Alex children's garden park.Besides Curtorim, the village panchayat of Ambelim started construction of the new fish market utilizing these funds of 10 lakh, but could not complete it while the then Colva panchayat body had forwarded the plan for the extension of the existing panchayat building but despite having met the criteria and getting the proposal approved, the project has yet to start.Other than these three, only five more village panchats including Chandor, Camurlim, Loutolim, Cavelossim and Rachol have forwarded their proposals to the Salcete block development office but due to technical grounds, their proposals are yet to receive the final approval from the directorate of panchayats.The panchayats of Chandor and Cavelossim proposed renovation of the panchayat ghars; the panchayat of Loutolim proposed a changing room including toilets, the panchayat of Camurlim proposed renovation of the community hall and the panchayat of Rachol proposed the protection and fencing to the retaining wall by the old ferry point,'' said Salcete Block development officer (BDO), Uday Prabhudesai.'Ambelim village panchayat had proposed and started the construction of a new fish market under these grants but hasn't completed it.\"The structure is complete but the flooring is yet to be done,\" said a BDO engineer who looks after the panchayat.When STOI contacted the directorate of art and culture, it stated that in view of the poor response from the panchayats regarding meeting the criteria and utilizing the funds under the golden jubilee grants they had received several letters from panchayats explaining various difficulties.\"The common problem was that there was some land dispute in most of the panchayats and either the funds were an issue or they were yet to get the requisite NOC,\" said a senior official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "thakurpukur", "code": "17726767", "title": "Support pours in for school", "text": "THAKURPUKUR: Former students and guardians of Nanilal Vidyapith came in hordes to the school on Saturday to throw their weight behind the institution that had witnessed unruly agitation by some girls of Class XII and their friends the day before. The school is located at Sibrampur.Ex-student Gautam Chatterjee, a resident of Sibrampur, said he had come to condemn the action of the students and their \"boyfriends\" and warned that he and other former students would not allow anyone to disrespect their teachers and malign their alma mater. \"If what happened on Friday recurs, students and others will have to face the consequence. This time, we will give the students a second chance because they are immature. But if the youths who had harassed the headmaster and teachers turn up again, they will not be spared. We are all behind the school,\" he said.On Friday, some of the 21 Class XII students who had failed to clear the pre-test and qualify for next year's higher secondary examination had demanded that they be shown the answer scripts. When headmaster Madan Mohan Mahapatra refused to oblige, an altercation had ensued. In the afternoon, youths who claimed to be their friends had joined in and locked up the school gates. When some locals tried to intervene, they were initially beaten up and forced to retreat. Later, locals arrived in strength and chased the bike-borne youths away. Some of the agitating girls had also sped away on the bikes.The incident at the school followed a string of such incidents across the state, all of which had been triggered by an agitation at a school in Santoshpur a week ago and the inept handling of the situation by the state HS council. A day later, education minister Bratya Basu was forced to intervene and declare the agitations unwarranted and the council's interference inappropriate.Following Friday's incident, a police picket has been posted in the school. But angry locals said the men in uniform were not required as they could tackle the miscreants on their own. The anger was reflected in the words of Seema Gorai, an Oxytown resident and former student of the school.\"We locals are ready to combat any force that dares to disrupt the school and jeopardize the future of so many students. There is no need for help from police or politicians. In fact, it is best that there is no involvement of any colour, be it khaki, red or green. The students who were involved in the incident must be handed out exemplary punishment. Or else, they will grow up believing might is right,\" she said.Anirul Haque from Sibrampur was there too, not because his son studies in Class IX in the school, but because like any righteous citizen, he felt schools should remain free of agitation and politics that have ensnared all other spheres of life. \"This school has been improving over the years and now does reasonably well in Madhyamik and HS exams. How dare these girls and their boyfriends vitiate the atmosphere? If this happens in future, we locals will lock the students in a classroom and summon their parents and ask them to teach their wards a lesson,\" he said.An overwhelming number of people who turned up on Saturday wanted the 'rogue' students to be expelled. But the headmaster refused to act in haste. \"I am grateful that neighbours, guardians and former students have turned up in the school's support. But we must deal with the situation in a mature way. The staff council meeting is slated on Monday. I will put the proposal before the council and place my own views as well. A decision will be taken and the council informed,\" he said.While refusing to comment on the fate of the students in light of their actions, he made it abundantly clear that the students that had failed will not be allowed to sit at the HS examination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17725196", "title": "HUDA chief meets JAFRA members", "text": "GURGAON: The HUDA Administrator, Praveen Kumar, recently met Col Ratan Singh, the chairman of JAFRA, an umbrella body of RWAs in Gurgaon, at his residence here. A large number of residents' welfare association (RWA) presidents, HUDA officials and Nisha Singh, councillor of Ward 30, attended the meeting.Various problems were discussed. On top of the agenda was the poor performance of the cleaning contractor, Balaji, who had been appointed by HUDA. RWAs complained that he was rude, incompetent and dishonest. He did not have the manpower necessary to do the job and he threatened anyone who spoke out against him. The result was that sectors under him were very dirty. He also asked everyone to pay Rs 50 per month. This was despite the fact that the equipment had been given by HUDA.Nisha Singh explained the system of beats they have adopted with Sulabh in Zone 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17726592", "title": "Karnataka State Cricket Association must respond to RTI queries, rules panel", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka Information Commission (KIC) has declared that the Karnataka State Cricket Association (KSCA) is a \"public authority\" and falls within the ambit of the Right to Information Act.In its order on a petition filed by city lawyer S Umapathy , the KIC stated that the KSCA should appoint a public information officer (PIO) in order to accept and reply to applications seeking information about its activities. \"The Government of Karnataka had substantially financed the KSCA, qualifying it as a public authority,\" the order said.The government has not only leased out to the KSCA 16 acres of land situated in the heart of the city for a nominal rent, but also treated Rs 32,033 out of the same amount which is fixed as ground rent by Public Works Department (PWD) as grantin-aid for a period of 99 years, the commission pointed out.\"The KSCA's argument is that even if annual concession extended by the state government is treated as funding, it cannot be treated as substantial when compared to the income and expenditure of the respondent as reflected in the statement of audit of accounts which claimed the concession is just 0.011 per cent. The said contention cannot be accepted ,\" the KIC further observed.Why KSCA is a public authorityThe KIC found that the KSCA entered into a lease deed with the state government on March 11, 1970. Modifying this, another fresh deed was executed on March 11, 2010. According to the deed, the capital cost of the land was Rs 56.6 lakh. Working out the lease amount at 7% of the capital cost, the rate of rent was fixed at eight paise per square feet and the ground rent at Rs 33,033. However, the rent for the lease was fixed at Rs 1,000 per annum. The difference of Rs 32,033 has been treated as grant-in-aid which is nothing but financing by the government, the KIC said in its order. This entails that KSCA is a public authority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17725635", "title": "9km monorail to cut down on road traffic: Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority", "text": "MUMBAI: Even as the MMRDA claims that once monorail starts its journey on the first 9-km Wadala-Chembur stretch, traffic on the section will reduce by 30%, transport analysts remain apprehensive.According to analysts, only 15% of those living in the interiors of Chembur and Wadala may take the monorail as the rest will rather avail of the suburban trains. The load of traffic on roads might reduce only after the entire 20-km route became functional, they said. Even sources in the traffic administration said the first 9 km would not make much of a difference as traffic on the route was less.The first 9-km route-the total length is planned for 20 km -will be commissioned from August 2013, while the stretch from Wadala to Jacob Circle will be operational only by 2014-end.Mumbai's monorail route, being constructed at a cost of Rs 2,990 crore, is touted to be world's third longest after Chungking in China and Osaka in Japan. MMRDA commissioner Rahul Asthana said civil works on four out of seven stations on the Wadala-Chembur route were 90% done The rakes are expected to run for 19 hours daily through seven stations and services are likely to be at a gap of four to six minutes.Though Asthana feels that people would prefer this mode of transport as it would be quicker than buses, taxis and cars, traffic analysts say that only time will tell its efficacy. \"Initially, people will take monorail, maybe out of curiosity. Only after six months can we comprehend how many have shifted from roads to monorail,\" said a traffic analyst.Echoing him, the traffic administration said in a year, only 15% might shift to monorail. \"There may be a 50% shift after the entire stretch is opened. But by that time, number of vehicles and commuters will also increase,\" said a senior official.But pointing out how the new system would be helpful for citizens, MMRDA spokesperson Dilip Kawathkar said, \"Bus routes will be aligned with monorail stations, making it easy for people to change modes of transport.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17724699", "title": "55-year-old man killed in accident", "text": "A 55-year-old man died while his wife and an auto driver suffered serious injuries when a tipper hit the auto in which the trio was traveling near Maytas Hill County, Bachupally, on Saturday.Dundipal police said B Hanumantha Reddy, 55, a native of Mantralayam in Kurnool district, was travelling in an auto from Bachupally to Nizampet along with his wife, Radha.\"A tipper hit the auto from behind when they reached Maytas Hill County. Hanumantha Reddy died after suffering multiple injuries, while his wife Radha and auto driver Anand Kumar suffered injuries. They are undergoing treatment at a private hospital,\" Dundipal sub-inspector M Madhusudhan said.According to police, Hanumantha Reddy, a school teacher, came to Hyderabad to meet his ailing relative in Bachupally. The mishap took place while he was returning from his relative's house. The driver fled from the location after the accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "sydney", "code": "17729876", "title": "Sikhs in Australia want Kirpans allowed in schools", "text": "SYDNEY: The Sikh community in Australia has demanded that religious knives be allowed in schools after the government made an amendment in the Constitution preventing the ceremonial knife being worn in schools.According to the Weapons Act 1990, \"A Sikh may possess, in a public place, a knife known as a Kirpan to comply with the person's religious faith.\"The amendment now states: \"It is not a reasonable excuse to physically possess a knife in a school for genuine religious purposes.\"The Sikh Council of Australia and Queensland Anti-Discrimination Commissioner have said that the amendment was discriminatory to ordained Sikhs required to wear the Kirpan, reports News.com.auThe Kirpan is a sheathed ceremonial sword or knife, generally with a dull blade.Knives in schools have been an issue in Queensland since the stabbing death of a 12-year-old schoolboy in 2010.Former premier Anna Bligh's office had told the Sikh Council of Australia this year in writing that even though there is minimal risk that a Sikh might use their Kirpan to commit an offence in Queensland, the rationale for keeping all schools completely knife-free is strong.Department of Education, Training and Employment assistant director-general Marg Pethiyagoda said the wearing of a Kirpan at school would be considered case-by-case.When a state school principal becomes aware that a Kirpan carried by a student or staff member on school premises has a sharp edge or is pointed or is being used to threaten or harm, according to Pethiyagoda, the Kirpan may be retained by the principal and the matter referred to the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "sitamarhi", "code": "17725568", "title": "NCW member records assault victim's statement", "text": "SITAMARHI: An National Commission for Women (NCW) team led by its member and Bihar in-charge Shamina Shafiq on Friday visited Kauria-Raipur village under Nanpur police station of Sitamarhi district to record the statement of the 35-year-old woman who was assaulted and harassed by seven persons including Rishikesh Chaudhary, son of gram panchayat mukhiya Asha Chaudhary, over a month ago.As per the FIR lodged with Nanpur police station, the accused persons also made an attempt to rape her on November 18. Though the FIR was lodged on November 18 and the Pupari SDPO, in his supervision report, found charges against the accused persons to be true, the Nanpur police took no action against the accused person for the last one month.Aggrieved by police inaction, the victim sent a petition to the NCW seeking its intervention and arrest of accused persons.Police swung into action only on December 21 when it heard about the NCW member's arrival. It arrested one of the accused persons, Ram Anek Bhagat, at the village.The NCW team on Friday visited the victim's house and recorded her statements and that of some other members of the family. The NCW team found that the woman was still suffering from wound injuries caused due to the assault.The NCW member also met Pupari SDPO Sharad Kumar, deputy collector Sunil Kumar Jha and BDO Deva Nand and inquired about the incident. Shamina Shafiq asked the officers to provide necessary medical and financial assistance to the injured victim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17725819", "title": "People of Indian origin in Obama team on development", "text": "WASHINGTON: The Obama administration has appointed yet another Indian-American to a key administrative post, naming Smita Singh as member of the president's Global Development Council.The Global Development Council was established in February through an executive order of the president.Along with Singh, Obama also announced names of eight other members of the council including its chair Mohamed El-Erian.Singh was the Special Advisor for Global Affairs and the founding Director of the Global Development Programme at the William and Flora Hewlett Foundation , where she worked from 2001 to 2010. From 1998 to 2001, she was a scholar at the Harvard Academy for International and Area Studies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17726944", "title": "The art of the impossible", "text": "NAGPUR: Politicians are a gutsy breed that rarely gives up. For them, an election is lifeblood. If elected, they are kings and rule the hearts and minds of the electorate. A defeat often breaks them, undoing years' of hard work. But you can expect a champion politician knocked down in an electoral bout to get back on feet and get ready for the next round. They can't afford to waste time licking wounds.Satish Chaturvedi, a Congress veteran, had to bite the dust in the last assembly elections. What was more disturbing for his party was that the five-term legislator and former minister had to face a humiliating defeat at the hands of a lightweight BJP leader who looked destined to rise no more than the local civic body politics. Indeed to get back on his feet was not easy. Perhaps this forced the Congress leader to find a novel idea to recapture lost ground.So, recently he floated a social, non-political outfit called Hanuman Sena. It is more of a vigilante body that has vowed to protect women living in slums and shanties from all harm, especially the rampaging goons out there ready to rape and maim hapless women. No doubt Chaturvedi is hoping that by evoking the monkey god his political fortunes would also be revived. The same way that the 'sanjeevani' Hanuman brought back to life a dying Laxman in the epic Ramayana.It's all fair in love and war. So for the Congress leader secularism is now passe as he goes around from east to west parts of the city and makes his presence felt among the underprivileged classes chanting Hanuman chalisa. The outfit has 'gada' (the mace) as its symbol leaving nothing to imagination. The perpetrators of atrocity on women stay warned. The Hanuman Sena would not think twice before striking a lawbreaker.A noble idea, one would say given the recent history of the city where vigilante justice has been swiftly dealt to goons like Akku Yadav and Bhuru (the latest one from Vasantrao Naik slum) while the police is looking the other way or snoring away. The city has seen its worst policing this year and before the new police chief makes his mark, Chaturvedi squeezed in with his Sena in the vacuum.Fine, but the move symbolizes the biggest political U-turn that the city has seen. Only days before his Hanuman Sena came into vogue, Chaturvedi was hogging the headlines for obtaining a PhD. And what was the subject of his scholarly study? Indeed, it was Gandhism and how peace and non-violence brought the mighty British Empire to its knees. A scholar of Gandhism plodding his flock to take on law into hands and kill people, can there be bigger irony. But then politics is the art of the impossible and no doubt Chaturvedi is no exception to it.(Ramu Bhagwat knows politicians like the back of his hand. Having completed 25 years with TOI is a testimony to this fact)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17729557", "title": "Government waging 'war' against people: Kejriwal", "text": "NEW DELHI: With curfew imposed in the heart of Delhi to stop protests near the presidential palace, Aam Aadmi Party leader Arvind Kejriwal accused the government of waging 'war' against the people.With prohibitory orders imposed in parts of the city following unending protests to ensure justice to the 23-year-old woman, Kejriwal told reporters,\"This is illegitimate. How can they impose Section 144?\"\"If the government would have shown such resolve to deal with rapists, the situation would have been different. It seems the government is waging 'war' against its own people.\"Prohibitory orders banning the assembly of five or more people have been imposed around Parliament and Rashtrapati Bhawan including India Gate area, Rajpath and Janpath.Congress president Sonia Gandhi's residence on Janpath also saw protests over last few days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "17726814", "title": "Trader found murdered in Liluah", "text": "HOWRAH: A 48-year-old trader was found murdered near Liluah Gate in Howrah on Saturday morning. The victim, identified as Ramlal Gupta, had deep wounds on his body. Police have detained two persons for interrogation after going through the trader's call records.Gupta, a resident of Lala Babu Shayor at Bally, owned an embroidery materials shop in Burrabazar and was also a supplier of building materials. Probe revealed that he had two wives - one in Bally and the other at Liluah.Like any other day, the trader had dinner at his Bally residence on Friday night and then left for Liluah on his motorcycle at 11.30pm, his wife at Bally Khusboo told police.But unlike other days, Gupta never called on reaching Liluah. When Khusboo called him after an hour, his cell phone remained unanswered.On Saturday morning, police found a person lying near Liluah Gate with deep wounds and injury marks. A motorcycle was also found near him. The victim was declared dead on being taken to the hospital and later identified as Ramlal Gupta.The assailant probably hit Gupta with a weapon repeatedly, leading to his death, said police.Probe hinted that Gupta had rivalry both in his personal and professional lives. \"We are probing all aspects,\" said Nishad Parvez, DC (headquarters), Howrah City Police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17726454", "title": "Ambika Soni gets award for media reforms", "text": "NEW DELHI: Senior Congress leader and former I&B; minister Ambika Soni was awarded the \" IMPACT Person of the Year 2012\" title by an industry body exchange4media.com.Soni has been widely credited for ushering in reforms in the media, including the successful shift to digitization of television in India, re-forms for the FM radio industry and promotion of self-regulation for broadcasters.On receiving the award, Soni said, \"It is a great honour to receive this recognition and the place for this award is in the I&B; Ministry, to serve as a reminder that the job is yet to be completed.\"As I&B; minister from May 2009 to October 2012, Soni initiated self-regulation mechanism in TV through a process of extensive consultations with all stakeholders.The ministry also set the ball rolling for the process of complete digitization of the 65 million homes with analog TV by the end of 2014. She successfully steered the switchover of nearly 8 million TV homes \u00e2\u20ac\u201d in Delhi, Mumbai, Chennai and Kolkata \u00e2\u20ac\u201d in just six months. Soni also worked for giving Prasar Bharati greater financial and editorial autonomy and is seen as responsible for the radio FM III policy that is in an advanced stage of finalization.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "17726092", "title": "Taliban threat over Indo-Pak cricket series", "text": "ISLAMABAD: The Taliban on Saturday described the Pakistani cricket team's tour of India as a \"disgusting gesture\" and held out threats of violence against India.In a statement emailed to journalists, Tehrik-e-Taliban Pakistan spokesman Ihsanullah Ihsan said the \"visit of Pakistani team to India is a disgusting gesture. Pakistan's government is doing all this on the orders of their god America and in fear of India\".He held out a threat of violence against India. \"God willing, mujahideen of Tehrik-e-Taliban Pakistan will soon clear the debt of blood of martyrs with India\".In the statement titled 'Forgetting the blood of Kashmiris?', Ihsan said the Pakistani cricket team is visiting at a time when \"India is the one forbidding Kashmiri Muslim nation to freedom\".Ihsan further claimed that\"they (India) are also due to pay for the blood of our hero, Shaheed Ajmal Qasab\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17726859", "title": "Seven booked for ransacking Spanco Nagpur Discom Limited office", "text": "NAGPUR: Sadar police have charged seven persons and their 20 accomplices for staging a violent protest at the Civil Lines-based office of Spanco Nagpur Discom Limited (SNDL) demanding reinstatement of their jobs .The angry protesters, claiming to have been laid-off unjustly, started agitating on an angry note demanding to meet the senior officials of the human resource department. After their demand was not fulfilled, the protesters started vandalizing the office inflicting a loss on SNDL to the tune of around Rs two lakh.It has been learnt that the meter-readers were being hired by a Mumbai-based company for SNDL's work for a specific period. They were being laid off after the work was being completed.Sadar police, who reached the place after being informed, have registered an offence of rioting, trespassing and mischief.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "17726036", "title": "Unique play to amuse theatre lovers on Dec 26", "text": "DHARWAD: Here is some good news for theatre lovers. The play 'Stories in a song', which is considered a unique experiment in Indian theatre will be staged at Srujana Auditorium here on December 26.Kalamandala, Dharwad, a Trust promoting the art here has organized for the play created by noted Hindustani classical musician Shubha Mudgal and Anish Pradhan directed by eminent director Sunil Shanbhag.Kalamandala trustee Madhu Desai told reporters here on Saturday that it was for the first time that 'Aparna', one of the Mumbai's leading theatre companies will stage this play here. It would be a treat for theatre lovers here who always welcome the new and innovative ideas in this field.Entry for the play is restricted to the holder of admission cards and children are not allowed.The entry fee is fixed in three categories: Rs 1,000 and Rs 500 for the patrons and Rs 150 for the public. 0836-2445474 or 9448022952.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17725639", "title": "Ramane, Sawant help Dena win big", "text": "MUMBAI: Opener Laukik Ramane (158) and left-arm spin bowler Prashant Sawant (5-15) were the heroes as Dena Bank posted a 267-run victory over New India Assurance in the second league match of the Times Shield 'C' Division Cricket Tournament (70-overs) at the Cross Maidan on Thursday.In another match, an all round performance by Vishwanath Parmar (3-39 and 45) helped Mafatlal defeat Bhalabhai Nanatvi Hospital by four wickets.Brief scores: Balabhai Nanavti Hospital 124 (V Toraskar 44, P Tambe 37, Vishwanath Parmar 3-39, S Baberdesai 3-43) lost to Mafatlal 125-6 (S Varma 33, Vishwanath Parmar 45); BMC 139 (S Paralkar 33, B Gharat 4-36, R Tandel 4-15) lost to Tata Steel , Wire Div 140-2 (Ketan Meher 54, Sawpnil Nhoir 60); Serco Global 330-9 (K Shah 47, G Yadav 41, A Sunsara 73, R Sawant 76 not out; Yesh Waghela 5-115) bt IDBI 153 (A Shemadkar 37, G Bhora 3-34, E Sawant 3-49); RBI 121 (P Mehta 57, Paresh Nakhwa 3-19) lost to Union Bank 122-2 (Arun Yadav 57*, Arun Shetty 54*); Dena Bank 364-8 (Laukik Ramane 158, A Jagtap 70, S Gaurav 47, N Masurkar 43; A Bhosle 3-113) bt New India Assurance 91 (D Matkar 43, P Dani 32; Sanket Yadav 3-21; Prashant Sawant 5-15); Air India 270 (Gandhar Bhatawdekar 108, S Kawale 45, M Dhiraj 58; Mopli Silvaraj 3-41, S Chavan 3-80) lost to Chougule 274-6 (S Dongre 67, Suraj Singh 50, R Patil 42; A Ghorpade 4-65); Naval Dockyard 226 (S Mayur 32, V Mangesh 50, V Kalpesh 52*, G Rajesh 43; A Naidu 4-27, Bhavesh Patel 3-41) lost to A.G (L &amp; R) 229-5 (A Patil 80, R D'Costa 77; Subhash Shringarpure 3-56); Central Railway, Mumbai Division 291-6 (Sanjog B 116*, K Choudhary 34;) bt Bhavishya Nidhi 229 (S Sawant 47, M Bamane 35, D Kadam 52; V Deshpande 4-53).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17725875", "title": "Women raped thrice in Mumbai in a day", "text": "MUMBAI: A 20-year-old woman who came in search of her husband on Friday was allegedly raped thrice in her first 24 hours in the city by three men on the pretext of helping her. Police have arrested two of them. The horror could have continued if a youth had not tipped off the police.On arrival, the woman from Nepal went to her husband's former employer, who took her to his purse-making workshop promising shelter. He raped her and left her at a park. One of his employees then took her to a lodge and raped her. Once out of his clutches, she called up a relative, who asked a friend to put her in a safe hotel. The friend took her to a Kamathipura lodge and raped her repeatedly before the police arrived and arrested him. The purse manufacturer has also been held.20-year-old was searching for her husbandAfsana's (name changed) ordeal would have continued but Nagpada police got a tip-off that a girl was brought to be sold in the red light area. Police's search ended Saturday morning at the A1 lodge at Kamathipura. Police rescued the victim and arrested the accused identified as Parvez Shaikh.At the police station, the victim broke down and narrated her horrific ordeal that began as soon as she arrived the city. Police also arrested Zulfikar Shaikh, owner of a purse manufacturing unit, her husband's former employer, who raped her on the pretext of giving shelter. Police are looking for Feroz Shaikh, Zulfikar's employee, who also raped her.\"It's a sad incident, the victim was fooled and raped by persons known to her,\" said Praveen Salunkhe, additional commissioner of police (central region). Asked if she raised an alarm while being taken to the two lodges, senior police inspector of Nagpada, Vinayak Savde said, \"We will call the lodge staff to find out why they did not raise an alarm when the accused brought the victim.''Afsana told police she was married to Naushad in Nepal but was unhappy and wanted a divorce. Naushad left home to avoid paying compensation, and told her he was in Mumbai. On Friday she reached CST station at 3am, took a taxi to Madanpura and knocked at Zulfikar's workshop, asking for Naushad. He said Naushad was not there and allowed her inside his 10x10 sq ft workshop where a 15-year-old boy was sleeping. Zulfikar then allegedly raped her. Afsana said she was too scared to shout but repeatedly tried to awake the boy but he was fast asleep. Later, Zulfikar dropped her at Baby Garden. There she met Feroz, Zulfikar's employee . He promised to take her to Naushad, but raped her instead. She called a relative, Afsar Shaikh, from a PCO. He bought her a train ticket but she missed the train. Afsar asked his employee Parvez to put Afsana in a hotel for a day. But Parvez instead took her to A1 lodge in Kamathipura and raped her, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17725696", "title": "Sena wants Thackeray garden in Shivaji Park by January 23", "text": "MUMBAI: If the Shiv Sena has its way, then Shivaji Park can look forward to another annual mass assembly on the lines of Dr B R Ambedkar's death anniversary.The Sena wants to complete work on a garden in memory of Bal Thackeray at Shivaji Park prior to Thackeray's birth anniversary on January 23. The BMC is, however, yet to decide on the garden.\"Balasaheb is not with us. ut on January 23, sainiks in large numbers will converge on Shivaji Park to pay tribute to their patriarch. We want the garden to be ready before January 23,\" a Sena functionary said on Saturday. \"Every year, followers of Dr B R Ambedkar religiously visit Chaityabhoomi on December 6. Now, hundreds of sainiks will visit Shivaji Park for the birth anniversary of Balasaheb.\"According to sources, Sena leaders plan to build a mud structure, 'Smruti Stambh', on the garden plot in memory of Thackeray. Recently, the proposal to build a landscaped garden was submitted by the Sena to the civic body. The work may begin as soon as the BMC gets a legal opinion on the issue.Earlier, the party insisted on constructing a memorial where Thackeray was cremated at Shivaji Park. Later, the idea was dropped following opposition from residents of the area and political parties. Now, the party wants a garden and a huge memorial to Thackeray. While the plot for the garden has been finalized, the Shiv Senas is yet to zero in on the venue for the memorial.But the civic body is yet to take a final decision on the garden. While speaking on the issue to the media, civic chief Sitaram Kunte has stated that the BMC will take a final call on the Sena's proposal only after \"verifying the legal side\".Asked if the Sena will be able to meet its deadline, especially since it is yet to receive permission from the BMC, a Sena leader said, \"Political parties always respected Balasaheb. In fact, reports in media clearly suggest that other parties have no problems with a smaller garden in his memory... We are confident of getting the BMC nod and completing the task ahead of schedule.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17726555", "title": "Two arrested for robbing ex-Miss India", "text": "BANGALORE: Two men have been arrested for tying up a former Miss India in her house and decamping with valuables worth Rs 25 lakh last month.The men had gained access to the Benson Town residence , near JC Nagar, of Miss India 1981 Nandini in the guise of cooks. On November 14, after collecting their b o nu s, Pradeep, 24, from Madhubani district in Bihar and Ajay Kumar Paswan, 19, a native of Basti in Uttar Pradesh, tied up Nandini's hands and legs and fled with gold ornaments weighing 650 grams. Nandini managed to wriggle herself free, rushed out of the home and alerted police, DCP (North) SN Sidramappa said.Pradeep had identified himself as Suresh and Ajay as Ajay while getting job in Nandini's house 17 days ago. Nandini is separated from her husband and lives alone.Pradeep and Ajay were arrested from Mumbai railway station when they were on their way to Bihar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17725267", "title": "Woman held for using fake debit cards", "text": "GURGAON: A 40-year-old woman has been arrested for allegedly cloning ATM cards and using them for purchasing jewellery worth more than Rs 46,000 from a jewellery showroom in Sadar Bazaar in Gurgaon. Police have taken the woman on custody remand for four days after producing her in court on Saturday.\"The woman, identified as Sunita, a native of a village in Rohtak district, is very clever and has been doing this for the last few months. She used fake IDs. Also, the address at Sector 10 she used to mention also appears to be fake. She is married but living separately from her husband,\" said sub-inspector (probationer) Jai Prakash, who is investigating the case. \"We are questioning her and trying to find out if she was working alone or she had others working with her.\"According to police, Ashish Kumar, chief operating officer of Bombay Jewellers, located in Sadar Bazaar in Gurgaon, filed a complaint with the city police about the woman. Kumar, in his complaint, said that on December 14, a woman visited their showroom and purchased gold jewellery worth Rs 46,820 and made payments through two debit cards issued by Axis Bank and HDFC Bank, which the showroom owners later found to be clones. The woman had also given her driver's licence as ID proof while making the purchase. The licence was in the name of Renu Mehta, which was also found to be a fake.Following the complaint, police found that the woman was staying in Gurgaon and after a two-day effort, she was finally arrested late on Friday evening. On Saturday, she was produced before the court and was taken on police remand. A police source said the woman worked as a teacher in the past. She is a native of Hisar and her in-laws are from a village in Rohtak district. She is said to have completed her post-graduation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17729857", "title": "Bantwal records highest maximum temperature in Karnataka", "text": "MANGALORE: Bantwal hobli in Bantwal taluk of Dakshina Kannada district recorded highest maximum temperature of 39.1\u00c2\u00b0C on December 22 at 4.15pm. Lowest minimum temperature of 10.4\u00c2\u00b0C was recorded in Khanapur hobli of Khanapur taluk in Belgaum district on December 23 at 7am. Mavalli in Bhatkal taluk of Uttara Kannada district recorded maximum rainfall of 3.50 mm in the last 24-hours up to 8.30am on Sunday.Maximum relative humidity of 99.9% is recorded in Jala hobli in Bangalore north taluk in Bangalore urban district on December 23 from 2.30am to 7.15am. Minimum relative humidity of 15.7% is recorded in Belur hobli in Belur taluk of Hassan district on December 22 at 2.30pm.Mainly dry weather prevailed over the state in the last 24-hours up to 8.30am on Sunday. Rainfall was isolated in two districts; and negligible in 28 districts.North-east monsoon activity was normal in three districts and weak in 27 districts. Light rain was recorded in two districts; very light rain in eight districts and no rain in 20 districts.Karnataka for the period October 1 to December 23 recorded deficit rainfall of 22%. Against normal weighted average rainfall of 188mm in south-interior, north-interior, malnad and coastal parts, state recorded rainfall of 146mm. For 24-hours period ending 8.30am on December 23, the four geographical regions received 0mm actual weighted average rainfall against normal weighted average rainfall of 0.1mm, a deficit of 100%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17724876", "title": "Restaurants to face action for running hookah lounge", "text": "BHOPAL: Restaurants operating under the grab of hookah lounges will face crackdown from the food and drug administration (FDA) and health department.The directives were given by the state commission for the protection of child rights (SCPCR) at the bench conducted on Friday.Taking a stern view of the hookah lounges operational in the city, commission chairperson Usha Chaturvedi expressed surprise over the fact that no department issues licence of lounge and still they are functioning.Chief medical and health officer (CMHO) Dr Pankaj Shukla, after appearing before the bench, said, \"We have information about six lounges. We received information about three more from the commission. We will conduct raids on these restaurants and if they are found running hookah lounges, then the FDA would cancel their licence. Action would be taken by the six food inspectors within 2-3 days.\"He informed that as per gazette notification of October 1, 2008, a smoking chamber needs to be designated for those places with capacity of over 30 persons. \"Hookah doesn't come under food, but till date no such restaurant has applied for the 'smoking zone' hence action can be taken against these places for contravention of the notification,\" said CMHO.Currently, nine such hookah lounges are operational in Mansarovar Complex, Kerwa Dam Road, Arera Colony and other areas.The commission had also summoned Naandi Foundation (NGO) for substandard supply of mid-day meals to schools in Indore and Bhopal.\"During our inspection we found half-cooked rotis and very poor standard food being supplied to children which were being wasted on the school premises,\" informed commission member Reena Gujral.Naandi Foundation State coordinator Ainyin Mathew gave in writing to the SCPCR that they would improve the quality of food and would not give any more chance for complain.\"The budget allocation has remained unchanged and hence we do face many constraints,\" he conceded before the bench.\"If a self-help group (SHG) is found unable to supply quality mid-day meal, its agreement should be cancelled,\" said Usha Chaturvedi.The commission also instructed the district education officer (DEO) to bring original papers on admission of 50 under-priviledged children under the Right to Education (RTE) Act in St Joseph's Convent. Currently, most of these children are paying regular fees and studying in the school in contravention to the RTE Act as the school has denied them free admission.Commission members Reena Gujral, Vijaya Shukla, Dr Reeta Upamanyu, R H Lata, Asha Yadav and Vibhanshu Joshi were present during the proceedings of the joint bench that took up 22 cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17728978", "title": "A food affair to remember", "text": "The Times Food and Nightlife Awards, 2013, honoured Bangalore's best in the business.Not very often do you see people from the glamour , corporate, sports and literary world, coming together to celebrate food and fete its creators. Little wonder, then, that the launch of the eighth edition of the Times Food and Nightlife Guide, Bangalore, 2013, was a big hit with the city's glitterati.Sandalwood star Puneeth Rajkumar, a self-confessed foodie, kick-started the evening by launching the Guide. He said, \"Bangalore offers a wide variety of cuisines and everyone must make use of the options.\" After that it was a roll call of honour in celebration of Bangalore's best restaurants, lounges, resto-bars and coffee bars, confectioners and brewpubs. Chefs, restaurateurs, hoteliers and bartenders accepted their awards from actors, filmmakers, designers, sportspersons and entrepreneurs. Aindrita Ray, Diganth, Ramesh Aravind, Sanchita Ajjampur, Manoviraj Khosla and Waseem Khan were among those who gave away the 40 awards.Accompanying the award winners as they raced up to the stage was music that matched the cuisine they had won the award for. If Gal Mitthi Mitthi Bol... provided the perfect mood for the award to the Best Mithai, Gangnam Style was played when the award was given to the Best Al Fresco Bar. The emcee for the evening, Anuj Gurwara, regaled the gathering with naughty quips.With the Guide launched and the awards given away, it was time to party. The award-winning restaurants laid out their signature dishes and drinks. Guests were seen strategizing as to how to make the most of the massive spread. The night ended on a sweet note in the magical dessert land made of magnificent mousses, caramelized apple, and mouth-watering Indian confections.The launch of the Times Food and Nightlife Guide, Bangalore, 2013, was held at the ITC Gardenia. The title sponsor of the Guide is Seagram's Blenders Pride, and the event was supported by Kingfisher .You can also log on to timescity.com for all the information on Bangalore's food joints, eateries, coffee shops and bars, lounges and night clubs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17729842", "title": "Pakistan's first practice session devoted to fielding", "text": "BANGALORE: Having not played since last October's semifinal match against Sri Lanka in the Twenty20 World Cup, the Mohammad Hafeez-led Pakistan side on Sunday underwent a one-hour practice session to get into the groove ahead of the first T20 match against India.The 15-member Pakistan squad including stars Shahid Afridi , Nasir Jamshed , Kamran Akmal , Umar Akmal , Shoaib Malik and Saeed Ajmal slogged it out at the Chinnaswamy stadium under the watchful eyes of coach Dav Whatmore .The practice session began around 10.50 am with the players doing warming up exercises.Whatmore and his boys mainly devoted their time on fielding practice.Almost all the players including Ajmal, Afridi, Hafeez, Umar Gul , the Akmal brothers and Malik practised outfield catching and ground fielding.The team arrived here last night for the first bilateral series between the two sides since 2007.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17724500", "title": "Man held in Anand for raping minor", "text": "VADODARA: A man, aged 25, was arrested on Saturday for allegedly raping a 13-year-old girl living near his house in Anand town two days ago when her family members were not at home.The victim resides with her grandparents in Ismailnagar locality of Anand. Her father and mother work as casual labourers in Godhra. The incident took place on Thursday when victim's grandparents had gone to visit a religious place outside the town.\"The victim has alleged that Riyazsha Diwan entered her house on Thursday morning and raped her. He also threatened to kill her grandparents if she informed anybody about the incident,\" an official at Anand police station said.The girl experienced pain in her private parts and informed her grandparents on Friday. They took her to police and an offence was registered. Diwan was arrested on Saturday and both were subjected to medical tests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17725975", "title": "Gurdwara spreads eco-consciousness with flower show", "text": "LUDHIANA: Gudwara Dukh Niwaran Sahib, one of the leading shrines in the city, set an example by organizing a Chrysanthemum show where more than 1,000 varieties of flowers were displayed. The show was the gurdwara's management's way of urging people to care for the environment.\"We organized the show to give a message to the more than 50,000 devotees who visit the gurdwara every day that they should have flowers and greenery in their surroundings. The gurbani teaches us to love and protect nature,\" said Gurudwara management president Pritpal Singh. According to him, they frequently give saplings to devotees asking them to plant more trees and help reduce pollution levels.Gurpreet Kaur, a student and resident of Model Town said, \"I am delighted to see such a rich variety of flowers. I have never seen so many flowers of different colours and sizes put together so beautifully. I have decided to plant flowers like these in my house and have told my mother to buy some plants.\" The symbolism of flowers is not lost on devotees. \"Flowers not only give a wonderful look to the gurdwara but also give the message of love for nature. I love flowers and every time I see them, I fall in love with them again,\" said Charanjeet Kaur, a resident of Sarabha Nagar. A similar flower show was also organized at Gurudwara Singh Sabha in Sarabha Nagar.The gurdwara distributed saplings of medicinal plants and organized a cycle rally to promote this eco-friendly mode of commuting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17725954", "title": "This winter, Ludhiana's youth sport European look", "text": "LUDHIANA: This winter season, Ludhiana is following European styles and cuts. In line with the city's affinity for the European look, many hosiery companies are making advertisements in Europe. The look is not restricted to styling, people also want the same fabrics used in Europe.Kuntal Raj Jain, director, Duke Fashions India Limited said they are using imported fabrics in jackets and following European styling meticulously. \"Shooting campaigns have been conducted in Hungary because that is where many international fashion shows and exhibitions are organized. Hooded jackets with wash effect, in smart fit and short size are the rage\", he said. As for colours, Jain said the favourites are royal blue, green and red. But when it comes to woollens for women, the European styles are Indianized to appeal to local sensibilities. The result is fusion. Sandeep Jain, director of Oswal Woollen Mills (Monte Carlo) said they have introduced long coats and ladies kurtis to their winter wear products. \"Its European style all the way in winter wear. Focus is on brighter colours, especially neon colours. Some of the most popular colours are orange, mustard, deep red and green,\" he said.Rajeev Kansal, managing director of Rajeev knitters, a wholesale manufacturer of long coats and jackets in the city said they have manufactured cotton cargo coats and jackets. \"This is a UK style in which cotton washed long coats and jackets are made. Ludhiana Knitwear club chairman Vinod Thapar said the volume of the hosiery business in the city has been Rs 9,000 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17725262", "title": "State to set up power plants in Bhutan", "text": "GURGAON: To improve the power situation in Haryana, the state will be investing in a multi-crore project in Bhutan to set up hydel power plants next year, said chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda.Speaking to TOI in an exclusive interview, Hooda said: \"Haryana is the first state to fund hydel power plants in Bhutan and for these projects, all the modalities have been worked out and a team of state government officials will be visiting Bhutan next year.\"Hooda had visited Bhutan recently where the MoU for the joint hydel project was signed. Hooda said during his visit, the Bhutanese government had given the details of 76 sites earmarked for the hydel projects. \"The sites where the concept of Run of the River (ROR) for hydroelectricity plant will be preferred because such projects can be completed in short span of time,\" said Hooda.Asked about the reason for going in for international power partnership, Hooda said: \"Haryana has thermal power plants, but sometimes, short supply of coal impacts the overall production. Now, we are expanding the power generation capacity and opting for other modes like hydel projects and the nuclear plant in Fatehabad.\"The other reason for opting for hydel power is, the CM said, \"It is cheaper than thermal. The power generated in Bhutan will be supplied to the northern grid and from there it would be drawn to Haryana.\" The CM also said Bhutan has tremendous potential for hydel power generation projects. \"According to conservative estimates, there is still scope for hydel plants to generate 14,000MW and we (Haryana) will be partnering with Bhutan to get 1,500-2,000MW for the state,\" he said.Next year, a detailed project report (DPR) will be prepared and a roadmap for the joint projects will be finetuned. During the recent visit, the CM also offered infrastructure development expertise to Bhutan. \"There is rapid urbanization happening in Thimpu and Paru and the Haryana will be offering expertise in infrastructure development. The modalities for this will be prepared in the next round of meetings,\" said Hooda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17726264", "title": "Avertano Furtado assures to help South Goa zilla panchayat", "text": "MARGAO: Fisheries minister and Navelim MLA Avertano Furtado gave assurances to South Goa zilla panchayat (ZP) members that he would bring forward their grievances to the various government departments concerned and see to it that their demands were met.Furtado was chief guest at a function organized by the South Goa ZP at its Arlem office on Thursday and was present in place of the panchayat minister who couldn't attend the function and to take a view of all the problems facing the ZPs.\"We have asked for a sanction of a development grant of 50 lakh as general funds to each member for the implementation of the subjects assigned in the Panchayat Raj Act. Also, a requirement of additional grant of Rs 50 lakh under octroi to each member for the rural infrastructure development works,\" said South Goa ZP chairperson Nelly Rodrigues, who submitted a memorandum on behalf of the ZP members to Furtado.Also, with the aim of avoiding duplication of works, they demanded that the director of panchayats (DoP) make it mandatory for panchayats to invite ZP members at gram sabhas to know works proposed and that a list of works executed should also be sent to the ZP members just as how ZP members send a list of works to the DoP.\"We have also conveyed our urgent requirements for the provision of staff for vacant posts and creation of new posts,\" added Rodrigues, who also stressed on the need for the government to follow protocol while extending invitations to state functions/inaugurations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17725734", "title": "Many trains delayed", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The fog resulted in the train schedule going haywire and many trains arriving late at the local railway station here. The delay in arrival varied from 45 minutes to 16 hours. The least delayed train was Himalyan Queen from Delhi, whereas the train which took maximum time for arrival was Unchahar Express from Allahabad as it reached almost 16 hours late.Since railways do not have technology to improve visibility during fog, so reducing the speed of trains is the only option. Due to the delay many passengers were forced to change their meetings or cancel them altogether. Many people who had came to pick up their relatives or acquaintances had to wait for hours for the trains to arrive. \"I had to attend a meeting in Chandigarh but as my train got so delayed, I had to cancel it\", said a Ajay Mehra, a passenger.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "17724289", "title": "Karimganj villagers call for poll boycott", "text": "SILCHAR: Residents of Karimganj village have decided to abstain from voting in the coming panchayat election in protest against underdevelopment and apathy of the government and local representatives. Notably, they had also boycotted the last assembly election and declined to vote due to the same reason.Sangram Committee, an umbrella organization of different NGOs under Ratabari circle in southern Assam's Karimganj district submitted a memorandum to deputy commissioner (Karimganj) Debeswar Malakar on Friday. The memo said they have been subjected to neglect by the authorities and deprived of basic amenities like roads, electricity and drinking water for decades now.During last assembly election, thousands of voters of as many as 56 villages under Cheragi gaon panchayat and ward no. 6 of Pathakhori gaon panchayat under Ratabari circle of the border district boycotted election in protest against government apathy.\"However, the government did not bother to fulfill its tall claims and promises after the aftermath of the polls. This has compelled the people of the area to boycott the coming panchayat election slated for February 12, during the third phase\", the committee said.\"We have been living under the shadow of underdevelopment and militancy for decades. We are subjected to neglect and apathy of Assam government since Independence. No political party or MLA or MP came to our rescue to solve the problems. We are living in the areas bordering Assam and Mizoram without good roads, electricity and drinking water. In fact, we do not have a road which provides uninterrupted connectivity with Karimganj district headquarters,\" a spokesman of Sangram Committee said on Saturday.Cheragi and Pathakhori gaon panchayat areas are dominated by minority population including Bengali Hindus and Muslims, Manipuris, tea tribes and tribals like Sakachep, Hranghal, Chorei, Bru (Reang), Rupini etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "17725625", "title": "Nithari case: Koli convicted again", "text": "GHAZIABAD: The prime accused in the Nithari case, Surinder Koli, has been found guilty of raping and killing another five-year-old in 2005. This is his fifth conviction.Of the 19 Nithari cases of abduction, rape and murder, the CBI filed chargesheets in 16 cases, which shocked the nation by their brutality and hints of cannibalism. In the previous four cases too, adjudicated by the sessions court here, he has been handed down death sentence. Moninder Singh Pandher, Koli's employer, was also given the death sentence in one case, but that was overturned by the Allahabad high court.Additional sessions magistrate Shyam Lal said in court to Koli, \"Under these clauses, you have been found guilty. Arguments on sentencing will take place on December 24.\" In the case relating to \"Chhoti Payal\", Pandher was not an accused in the case.Koli is accused of abducting and raping children from nearby villages of Nithari in Noida, committing acts of cannibalism, and then disposing of their bodies in a drain in the locality.Lal held Koli guilty under sections 302 (murder), 364 (abducting in order to murder), 376(rape), 201 (causing disappearance of evidence) in a 73-page order on Wednesday. During the hearing, Koli argued in court for himself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17725596", "title": "Louis Philippe fakes come out of closet", "text": "CHENNAI: On Thursday, it was fake Peter England shirts; on Friday, out came fake Louis Philippe shirts and trousers. If the seizures in the last few days are any indication, the city is becoming a showroom for fake apparel brands.Police have warned shoppers from picking up just any readymade garment that comes with a label, as a large number of duplicates are in circulation. Two men have been arrested in the city on this count in the last three days. Earlier it was thought the fakes were being sold only in the suburbs, but Friday's seizures show they are sold in the heart of the city as well.A police team searched a textile showroom on Anna Salai and found 80 trousers and 110 shirts with the Louis Philippe label. They were found to be not original. The previous day, police had seized fake Peter England shirts from an apparel showroom in Madipakkam.In Friday's incident, police teams were informed about the sale of fakes by Louis Philippe chief operating officer Jayanth. Police arrested the showroom owner, Zakir Hussain, 42, who was later sent to Puzhal prison.Sources said a number of stitching units in the suburbs and the neighbouring districts of Kancheepuram and Tiruvallur were producing shirts and trousers copying the style of some reputed brands. Many big brands, including those exported, have outsourced their label-making. \"Some of these stitching units source rejected labels from these private parties or make look-alikes,\" said a textile industry source.'It has been a cat-and-mouse game, with the companies employing private detectives who visit showrooms and buy samples to ascertain their genuineness. Both the seizures this week were based on tip-offs from private detectives to the companies, who in turn complained to police. Police, however, are not so happy, as they say the showroom owners caught and the companies often strike a compromise out of court and the case fizzles out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17724849", "title": "Uphaar case: Court rejects ex-cop's plea", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Delhi court dismissed former IPS officer Amod Kanth's plea to drop proceedings on framing of charges against him in the 1997 Uphaar fire tragedy case, saying the accused has \"no right to be heard at this stage\".Additional chief metropolitan magistrate Lokesh Kumar Sharma on Saturday said judicial proceedings cannot be dropped at the point of framing charges.The court passed the order in the case against Kanth, who has been booked under section 304A (causing death by rash and negligent act), 337 (causing hurt by an act which endangers human life) and 338(causing grievous hurt by an act which endangers human life) of IPC and under the Cinematography Act. The next hearing of the case is on February 2, 2013.Fifty nine people died of asphyxiation and over 100 others were injured when fire broke out in Uphaar cinema hall on June 13, 1997 during the screening of Bollywood movie 'Border'.Association of Victims of Uphaar Tragedy (AVUT) had opposed the clean chit given to Kanth contending that he should be prosecuted for serious offence of culpable homicide not amounting to murder under section 304 of the IPC entailing maximum sentence of life imprisonment instead of section 304A which stipulates punishment of only up to two years jail term.AVUT also alleged that CBI was protecting its former officer. CBI denied the allegation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17727002", "title": "CPI(M)'s signature campaign against FDI in January", "text": "NAGPUR: Leftists have decided to continue their agitation against foreign direct investment (FDI) in retail and have joined hands with traders and small scale industry owners. CPI-M leader Prakash Karat said that the party would launch a campaign in January to collect five crore signatures against FDI in retail.\"Our activists will go door to door and collect these signatures. They will explain the terrible consequences of the government's decision. UPA using money power has got the bill passed in Parliament but most parties including those who abstained from voting oppose it. Only Congress-ruled states are allowing FDI in retail. Hence, we will concentrate on Maharashtra, Andhra Pradesh, Rajasthan and Delhi,\" Karat said.He said that it was a wrong notion that big companies like Walmart would buy directly from farmers. \"Once the small shopkeepers are wiped out, they will start dictating terms to farmers. Our industries would suffer as these companies would source their products from all over the world,\" he said.The Leftist leader slammed the amendment Banking Regulation Act. \"It has allowed industrial houses to enter the banking sector. Tata, Reliance and Adani will now open banks and collect money from common people to fund their industrial expansion. This will affect others. Before 1969, big industrial houses like Birla had their own banks and they squeezed out capital from the market, leaving others high and dry. This was reason why all banks were nationalized,\" he claimed.Karat further said it was apparent to all unions that UPA was only bothered about foreign investors and multi-national companies (MNCs). \"For the first time in history, all the unions AITUC, BMS, INTUC, CITU and HMS have jointly called for a nationwide bandh on February 20 and 21.\"The CPI-M will stage four country-wide rallies from various cities and passing through different areas to expose the UPA government. The main stress will be how the opening up of the economy is detrimental to the interests of common people.The party has demanded that the food security bill should be passed at the earliest. There should be separate categories of BPL and APL families. \"We oppose the cash transfer scheme. This will lead to collapse of public distribution system and people will have to buy food items from open market,\" Karat said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17724777", "title": "Crisis centres fight for rehabilitation funds", "text": "NEW DELHI: Twenty-five-year-old Rupa (name changed), a rape victim, works as a counsellor at a crisis intervention centre run for people facing violence at home or outside. Rupa's counsellor says she was an emotional wreck. \"The only way to pull her out of depression was to get her a job. But rehabilitating a rape victim isn't easy. I decided to train her to be a counsellor. Today, she is a confident person who helps other rape victims cope with the trauma,\" said her counsellor.But not all rape or sexual assault victims get the chance to start afresh. The Delhi government and Delhi Police started crisis intervention centres (CIC) in each district in 2000 to provide support \u00e2\u20ac\u201d both emotional and medical \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and rehabilitate victims. But due to lack of funds, CICs are not able to work.\"All we get is conveyance money which our counsellors spend on travelling to police stations during emergencies. But we have to do a lot of things, from counselling the victim to accompanying her to hospitals to providing her with basic facilities like shelter, food, clothes etc. In some cases, the victim has to undergo multiple surgeries. But with limited resources, we can't do everything,\" said Kiran Jha Thakur, director of Kalpana, an NGO which manages CIC in central Delhi.\"The biggest problem is that there is no programme for rehabilitation of the victim. The government and Delhi Police started this facility but failed to monitor and financially support it. Most CICs don't have qualified consellors for lack of funds. The government needs to own the CIC and give some funds. Their work should also be monitored and evaluated regularly,\" said Sirupa Mitra Chaudhari, chairperson, National Institute for Gender Justice.Raj Mangal Prasad, director of Pratidhi, the NGO that managed CIC in east Delhi, agreed. \"The idea was to provide holistic care to rape and sexual assault victims. One organization should take care of all needs of a victims. But follow-ups are poor as counsellors don't get paid. Routine visits to the victim are essential but there is no scheme to help her start afresh.\"Often, the victim can't go home. \"In case a victim has a kid, we don't know where to keep her. She needs treatment and counselling, but most shelters for women don't allow kids to stay with them,\" said Arti Gupta, advocate with Delhi Commission for Women (DCW). DCW had last year sent a proposal to strengthen CICs, say sources. But \"the Delhi government has been sitting on the proposal\", said Renu Chopra, director of Prayatn, an NGO that manages CIC in southeast Delhi.In a meeting on Wednesday following Sunday's gang rape, CM Sheila Dikshit was reminded about the proposal. \"The CM assured us that funds will not be a problem,\" said Gupta. Women and child development minister Kiran Walia said, \"The CM has assured funds will not be a problem. We need to strengthen the CICs so that we can rehabilitate rape victims.\"A majority of rape or sexual assault victims don't even get basic psychiatric help. \"They are sent to government hospitals where they don't feel comfortable as they have to wait for their turn. A separate infrastructure should be set up to help these victims cope with the trauma and start afresh. The government should ask us to help rehab victims,\" said Dr Jitender Nagpal, head of mental health department, Moolchand Hospital.Corporate houses should also come forward with financial help or jobs to help the victims, activists said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17726164", "title": "Govt should make new laws for women's security: Nationalist Congress Party", "text": "PANAJI: The Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) on Saturday condemned the gang rape of the 23-year-old woman in a moving bus in New Delhi on Sunday night and announced a candlelight rally in Panaji on December 27.Speaking to mediapersons, NCP state president Surendra Sirsat said that the state's NCP women's cell will hold the candlelight march. \"The march will begin at 5pm from the NCP office on M G road and culminate at Azad Maidan,\" he added.Sirsat appealed to all women, girls and youngsters to participate in the rally as it is \"not a political rally\".\"If women are insecure in the country, the government should make new laws so that accused get strict punishment,\" said Sirsat.Sirsat demanded that to reduce this kind of incidents, the government should give 50% reservation to women in local self-governing bodies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17726094", "title": "65-year-old fitted with bio-absorbable stent", "text": "PUNE: Doctors at a city hospital carried out an angioplasty procedure on a 65-year-old businessman using a new bio-absorbable stent which dissolves completely in the blood in approximately 18 months. The procedure was performed at Poona Hospital and Research Centre on December 20.\"The new stent is completely bio-absorbable and the metal completely disappears from the artery within 14 to 18 months. Therefore, the typical behavior of an artery (vasomotor activity) is maintained,\" said cardiologist Suhas Hardas, who performed the procedure.The doctor claimed that the patient may be among those few patients who received the new stent the day it was launched in India. Following a successful clinical trial involving 100 patients, the Drug Controller General of India (DCGI) gave an approval to multinational firm Abbott Vascular to launch the stent.\"The businessman had a blockage in one artery. He is definitely the first person in Pune who was treated with the new completely dissolving stent,\" Hardas said.Hardas said the stent is not metallic and so it is completely \"MRI safe\". The patient need not be administered a long-term anti-platelet drug (blood thinner) and therefore there is a minimal possibility of a hemorrhage in a person who has this stent, he said.Doctors in the city say that the bio-absorbable stent is set to revolutionize the treatment of cardiac problems in India thought it comes at a premium price tag. \"The bio-absorbable stent costs Rs 2.5 lakh, which is not within the reach of common man and therefore for the time being only those who can afford it can avail of its benefits,\" said Hardas. He, however, added that costs could come down over a period of time.In contrast, imported drug-coated permanent metallic stents cost Rs 1.3 lakh. The drawbacks of bare metal stents were overcome by drug eluting stents which were not bio-absorbable. These, too, had drawbacks such as the presence of metal in the artery, the rigidity associated with the metal stents, the need for anti-platelet drugs for a very long time after implantation of such stents and the possibility of inflammation due to polymer within the drug eluting stents, are some of the drawbacks of the drug eluting stents which are not bio absorbable, said experts from the cardiology department at PHRC.Meanwhile, the patient who underwent the angioplasty is doing well. \"He was discharged 48 hours after the procedure,\" Hardas said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17728783", "title": "No one wanted to date Victoria Beckham", "text": "Singer-turned-fashion designer Victoria Beckham says she couldn't find herself a date when she first found fame with her band Spice Girls.\"There was a stage where someone wrote once how every woman wanted to be one of us and every man wanted to date one of us,\" Victoria said on ITV special \"Spice Girls' Story: Viva Forever\", which will be broadcast on Christmas Eve.\"Not that anyone wanted to date me. I think everyone wanted to sort of like just brush my hair. But everybody could relate to one of us. That's why it was so successful,\" she added.Speaking about how she was nicknamed Posh Spice, she said: \"I was called Posh because I liked nice restaurants and nice clothes, and that was my character. 'I didn't smile, even in those days. There was this very strong image. 'Sometimes I catch myself in the mirror and I'm like, 'Oh my God, I've turned into that person'.\"Victoria is married to soccer ace David Beckham .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "17724330", "title": "'Better sanitation standards by 2022'", "text": "ITANAGAR: Arunachal Pradesh is all set to achieve better sanitation standards in a decade as the Centre has promised to provide funds required for Nirmal Bharat Abhiyan (NBA) programme to make the state open defecation-free by 2022.This development came to the fore during a two-day consultation on rural sanitation involving ministers and secretaries of various states across the country that concludedin New Delhi on Friday, officials said here on Saturday.At the meeting chaired by Union minister of state for drinking water supply Bharatsinh Solanki, Arunachal Pradesh was represented by parliamentary secretary for public health engineering and water supply Karikho Kri.In his address, Kri furnished details of impediments in implementation of NBA in Arunachal and called for providing incentives as honorarium to \"Swachhata Doots\" in the line of block coordinator so that the goal of achieving NBA could be fulfilled.To Kri's demand for converging the fund of MGNREGA and NBA and for simplification of the guidelines for implementation of rural sanitation programme, the Union minister agreed to look into the matter for its consideration, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17725817", "title": "Malaviya's birth anniversary celebrations: Nepal president to be honoured", "text": "VARANASI: A series of programmes are being organised on the campus to commemorate the 150th birth anniversary of Mahamana Madan Mohan Malaviya. The celebration will witness the closing ceremony scheduled to be held on December 25 in presence of president of Nepal Ram Baran Yadav, President Pranab Mukherjee and other dignitaries.Talking to reporters on Saturday, BHU vice-chancellor Lalji Singh said that the celebration would conclude with a special convocation. The award of LLD (honoris causa) would be conferred upon Ram Baran Yadav at the special convocation. The programme would also be attended by governor BL Joshi, union minister of state for finance Namo Narain Meena and chancellor of BHU Karan Singh. A varieties of programmes are being held under the auspices of Union ministry of culture at Swatantrata Bhawan from December 19 to 25.Besides, the celebration cell of the university would hold Malviya Deepawali. The entire campus would be illuminated with lamps on December 25. Other programmes like flower exhibition in memory of Malviya (December 26 and 27), bhajan and painting competitions (December 26), Geeta recital (December 27), fancy dress competition (December 28), folk singing and group song competition for university employees (December 31) would also be held on the campus.The VC said that the two-day international alumni meet of BHU would be held on December 23 and 24. The inaugural function of alumni meet would be attended by fovernor of Assam Janki Ballav Patnaik, Justice Balbir Singh Chauhan, judge of Supreme Court and other distinguished guests. Many alumni would be felicitated on the occasion for their remarkable achievements. The concluding function of the alumni meet would be attended by governor of Madhya Pradesh Ram Naresh Yadav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17726230", "title": "Corp Bank painting competition for school students on Jan 6, 13", "text": "MANGALORE: Corporation Bank Centenary Public Library in Mangalore will conduct a painting competition, 'Colortune-2013' for school students.The competition will be held under three categories at the library, near Mangala. Category 1 and 2 competitions will be held on January 13. While category 1 is for students from first to fourth standard, category two is for students from fifth to seventh standard and category three eighth to 10th standard.While topic for category one is 'my pets', topic for category two is 'landscape of Western Ghats'. Competition for category 1 will be held from 3.45pm to 5.45 pm; and category 2 from 9.45am to 11.45am. Topic for category three competition to be held on January 6 from 9.45am to 11.45am is beach festival. The last date for receiving registration forms is December 31.The first prize will be worth Rs 10,000 for each category. There is no entry fee. No spot entries will be entertained. Call: 0824 - 2450846, 9886314588.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17725546", "title": "Churches in Khagaul, Danapur decked up for Christmas", "text": "PATNA: Churches in Khagaul and Danapur cantonment area have been decked up to celebrate Christmas with full fervour and enthusiasm. Preparation for midnight celebrations is almost complete at churches belonging to both Catholic and Protestant groups.Mass prayers and other rituals would be held at churches during the celebrations starting at 10.30pm. Carol singing and Santa Claus would be main attractions.According to Fr Prakash Louis, Christmas will be celebrated at the 105-year-old Catholic church of Khagaul from midnight. About 150 families, mostly from railways colony, would participate in the midnight prayers. Peace and prosperity for the country would be the New Year message. However, special mass would be held for the happiness, joy, prosperity and peace for all on earth, he said, adding the Christmas celebration would be held in the most traditional way at this historic church holding an Xmas get-together for railway and government officials.The 116-year-old Protestant church of Khagaul, known as the Church of England, would organize special mass to celebrate Christmas. A large number of Anglo-Indians from Khagaul and other places would participate in the celebrations. Peace on earth would be the common message for all, said Dipak Simons.St Luke and St Stephen churches at Danapur cantonment have been decked up for the celebration. Army personnel decorated these two more than 150 years old churches. A large number of Army personnel would take part in the midnight celebrations, said a colonel-rank officer.The Baptist church at Khagaul and Catholic church at Phulwarisharif are also being illuminated with lights on the occasion of Christmas. Reminiscing the past, Samuel said Khagaul had been a central place for Anglo-Indians to celebrate Christmas with full spirits and excitement till 1990s. Christian people used to assemble at N C Ghosh Institute in Khagaul where celebrations would start on Christmas and continued till new year's arrival. However, migration of a few Christian families have taken sheen off Christmas celebrations now, he said.Edward, Glen Manly, Murray, Johnson and Eugene who have shifted from Khagaul to Kurji, however, said that Anglo-Indian families still prefer to celebrate Xmas at Khagaul churches due to their emotional attachment. 'Cake preparation was something special for each Anglo-Indian family. An elderly Anglo-Indian used to play the role of Santa Claus bringing surprise gifts to children. Anglo-Indians are now buying readymade cakes from the market to celebrate Christmas. But the taste of both the toast and wine continue to be a favourite for each Anglo-Indian family on Christmas day, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17728991", "title": "Dhoni retains captaincy, Yuvraj Singh returns to ODI fold", "text": "NEW DELHI: Under-fire Mahendra Singh Dhoni on Sunday retained captaincy while all-rounder Yuvraj Singh returned to India's ODI team for the first time since last year's World Cup triumph after he was picked in the 15-member squad for the upcoming series against Pakistan.Yuvraj, who was recalled to the Indian Twenty20 squad for the World T20 within months of recovering from a rare germ cell cancer, played his last ODI against Sri Lanka in the final of the 50-over World Cup last April.Since senior batsman Sachin Tendulkar announced retirement from one-day cricket, the selectors have picked Ajinkya Rahane.Out-of-form Zaheer Khan , who was dropped after the first two Tests against England, did not find favour with the selection panel headed by Sandeep Patil. Virender Sehwag, who had opted out of the two T20 matches against England, was also called back into the one-day side for the three-match series.Also returning to the ODI squad will be Ishant Sharma , Ajinkya Rahane , Amit Mishra and Ashok Dinda while Bhuvneshwar Kumar and Shami Ahmed will be playing in their debut series.The core of the squad remains pretty much the same with skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni, Sehwag, Gautam Gambhir, Virat Kohli, Ravichandran Ashwin and Suresh Raina retaining their places.The team for the T20 matches against Pakistan was also announced after the selection meeting. The squad is more or less the same with only Abhimanyu Mithun making for Delhi pacer Ishant Sharma.ODI squad : Mahendra Singh Dhoni (Capt), Virender Sehwag, Gautam Gambhir, Virat Kohli, Yuvraj Singh, Rohit Sharma , Suresh Raina, Ravindra Jadeja, R Ashwin, Ishant Sharma, Ajinkya Rahane, Ashok Dinda, Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Shami Ahmed, Amit MishraT20 squad: Mahendra Singh Dhoni (Capt), Gautam Gambhir, Ajinkya Rahane, Yuvraj Singh, Rohit Sharma, Suresh Raina, Virat Kohli, Ravindra Jadeja, R Ashwin, Ashok Dinda, Ishant Sharma, Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Parvinder Awana, Piyush Chawla, Ambati Rayudu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "palanpur", "code": "17724302", "title": "North Gujarat protests Delhi gang rape", "text": "PALANPUR: The anger against the Delhi gang rape has spilled over to north Gujarat with protests being held in various towns and cities. Hundreds of women protesters took to the streets in Palanpur and Mehsana in the last two days to demand stringent punishment for the rapists and a safer environment for women. The protesters later submitted memorandums of demands to collectors. Professor Suryaben Patel who was spearheading the protest in Palanpur said, \"Rape is the most heinous crime against women and cannot be tolerated under any circumstances.\" \"Women are no longer ready to take this kind of treatment meted out by a system that connives with the accused,\" a lawyer Jainaben Pawar said.Sharing widespread outrage, a physician and philanthropist Dr Surendra Gupta said, \"It has to be analyzed why women and children are targeted in such a manner.\"Meanwhile, schoolgirls in Deesa, Dhanera, Visnagar and other places offered prayers for speedy recovery of the victim of Delhi gang rape.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "kelly osbourne , who has ended up having one of the hottest bodies in hollywood after dropping over 60 lbs, has a secret tip that helped her shed the weight", "code": "17729096", "title": "Kelly says loving herself was key to weight loss", "text": "Kelly Osbourne , who has ended up having one of the hottest bodies in Hollywood after dropping over 60 lbs, has a secret tip that helped her shed the weight: loving herself.\"People think I lost weight and that's what made me happier. That's not true: I had to learn to love myself first,\" Osbourne told Cosmopolitan Body, a spinoff of British Cosmopolitan magazine , in its latest issue.\"Losing weight was just one benefit of putting the hard work in and sorting myself out on the inside first through therapy,\" Osbourne, 28, says of her personal transformation, which involved losing more than 60 pounds.\"That was one of the scariest times of my life. I swear I've never felt more naked, because I had to actually be me and couldn't mask it.\"The co-host of E!''s Fashion Police, makes sure to exercise everyday -something she says has become positively addictive.\"When I started exercising I couldn't even do one sit-up,\" Osbourne said.\"By the end of the first week I could do three, and that was a big deal. Now I work out every day and I just don't feel good if I miss it. It''s amazing how quickly your fitness builds, but you have to really want it, she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17724839", "title": "Morgan's knock helps England square T20 series against India", "text": "MUMBAI: It has perhaps been the most memorable tour of the sub-continent for England in a long, long time.Scorecard | Match in PicsPlaying some enthralling, determined cricket, they broke the Indian hearts by winning their first Test series here in 28 years, and on Saturday, they ended their sojourn to this part of the world in the most fitting manner, clinching the second and final T20 international by six wickets in a cracker of a game.England's hero in the first ever T20 international at the Wankhede was their make-shift skipper Eoin Morgan, who, with three required off the final ball, smashed Ashok Dinda's delivery for a huge six that saw the ball crash into the press box windows.It was a stroke that undid all the good work Dinda did till that point, making England sweat for every run after they were left with just nine to get off the final over. Morgan's unbeaten 49 (26b, 5x4, 2x6), however, reflected the guts and iron will of this team to beat India on their home soil. The T20 series ended at 1-1, but it would be England who would be leaving a more satisfied, pleased bunch.India will have little time to recover from this heart-breaking loss, as they will now be next up against Pakistan in Bangalore on December 25.Earlier, India relied on a late flourish by skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni (38, 18b, 3x4, 2x6) and Suresh Raina (35 not out, 24b, 3x4, 1x6) to power their way to an impressive 177 for eight, after being asked to bat.Dhoni and Raina batted together for just 27 balls, but blasted 60 runs in a sixth wicket stand that left the English bowlers with a really frightening look on their faces.England were propped up by openers Michael Lumb and Alex Hales, who began in a whirlwind fashion, smashing 80 off the first 50 balls during a fabulous partnership. Both took India's bowlers to the cleaners, but what also aided their cause was the horrendous display by some of the Indian fielders, which was in complete contrast to England's superb effort straight down his throat at deep square leg when the batsman was on seven.The medium-pacer evoked laughter as the ball slipped off his fingers and bounced on his head before falling away. Even with the ball, Awana looked short of class and pace for this level.Apart from Awana, there are a couple of players who deserve a break immediately. Gautam Gambhir and R Ashwin look short of form and confidence and that is hurting India in a big way. Gambhir scratched around for a 27-ball 17, while Ashwin looked listless, going wicketless and for 38 runs in his four overs. Yuvraj Singh sizzled with the ball again, bringing India back into the match with his threewicket burst, but his part-time bowling won't win India the day every time.To India's misfortune, their 'super talents' Virat Kohli (38, 20b, 7x4) and Rohit Sharma (24, 19b, 1x6, 1x4), included at the expense of all-rounder Ravindra Jadeja, threatened to make this their own night with some breathtaking strokeplay, but perished while racing in fifth gear.Kohli cut, pulled and drove through the covers like a dream, showing everyone around why he is being talked about as a possible replacement for Dhoni in the top seat in Tests, at least. He has become the highest run-getter across all formats this year in international cricket.India were left stunned when they lost a Test here on a turner just sometime back.This defeat is likely to haunt them for a while too. With this defeat, their dream to end the year as the No. 1 in T20Is has sunk without a trace too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17724666", "title": "Rape cases on the rise in Old City", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Old City in Hyderabad is seeing a steady rise in rape cases, worrying authorities who are planning several measures like improved policing and awareness drives to make women in the area feel safer. From juts nine cases of rape recorded in 2010, the numbers have jumped to 14 this year with a few days yet to go before Hyderabadis ushers in the New Year.The rise in rape cases is worrisome at a time when thousands of denizens are out on the streets protesting against last Sunday's brutal gang-rape of a 23-year-old paramedical student, who was also beaten up along with her male friend, stripped of their clothes and thrown out of a moving bus in New Delhi.Police in Hyderabad and the entire state have been put on alert and asked to increase patrolling near women's colleges, hostels and pubs.The Hyderabad police commissionerate which is divided into four zones - north, east, west and south - had recorded 40 cases of rape in 2010 out of which nine were from the Old City, 54 in 2011 out of which 13 were registered with various police stations under Old City and 60 in 2012 out of which 16 complaints were lodged in 10 police stations in Old City limits. Of these 16, two were transferred to other police stations on the grounds of jurisdiction. Further, the largest number of cases were recorded in 2011 at Santoshnagar police station with four cases being reported between June and December.Describing the pattern of rape cases, an officer said that most cases have an acquaintance of the victim as an accused. He added that cases are registered promptly as rape is no ordinary offence and said investigations have to be thorough so as to bring the accused to justice.Revealing the details of one such case, he said a 16-year-old model from Bandlaguda was allegedly raped by her brother-in-law and a case was registered at the Kamatipura police station in May this year.In another case, which was reported at the Hussaini Alam police station in September, a woman alleged that her husband had raped their two-year-old daughter. According to sources, the case is still under investigation because the police suspect that the could be fake as the woman was 'unhappy' with the husband and wanted to get even with him.\"Rape is one crime which has no parameters. It has nothing to do with social, economic and religious backgrounds. We have been dealing with these cases with a firm hand,\" deputy commissioner of police (South) Akun Sabharwal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17725918", "title": "Thick fog delays trains, grounds many flights", "text": "LUDHIANA: Air and rail travel was disrupted as fog hit the city. Going by the prediction of weather experts, fog will remain for the next few days. According to Surinderpal, director, Met department, Chandigarh, \"Clear sky and low minimum temperature has led to fog formation. Fog in the morning resulted in reduced visibility to less than 1,000m.\"Many trains were delayed in the wake of fog. Station railway superintendent R K Sharma said, \"The Amritsar Shatabdi was late by 1.50 hours. It reached at around 1.10pm while the Malwa Express from Indore to Jammu was late by 3.15 hours. It reached at around 2pm. Inclement weather caused the delays. However, trains from Ludhiana to Delhi are running as per schedule for now.\"The lone flight to the city was cancelled in the wake of poor visibility. Air India manager at Sahnewal Airport, Amrik Singh said, \"Visibility in the city was poor, so the flight from Delhi couldn't arrive and since the same flight goes back from the city, we had to cancel it today\".As the train, especially Amritsar Shatabdi reached late by one hour and fifty minutes, passengers faced problems. Jagjit Singh , a businessman of BRS Nagar, who was traveling in the Amristar Shatabdi train, said, \"It was foggy, especially near Ambala and other places in the morning so the train had to stop. I had to attend a meeting but missed it because of the delay.\" A medium fog descended on the city, especially over the old city. \"It was cold in the night and morning,\" said Mujahid Tariq, a businessman from Brown Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17725781", "title": "Debates needed over surrogacy: Justice BS Chauhan", "text": "VARANASI: The subject of surrogate motherhood raises many ethical and legal issues. Surrogacy needs to be strictly regulated, said Justice BS Chauhan, judge, Supreme Court. He was delivering a lecture on 'Law and morality with special reference to surrogacy' in the faculty of law, Banaras Hindu University, held as part of the 150th birth anniversary celebrations of Mahamana Madan Mohan Malviya on Saturday.He pointed out the contradictions related to the status of women in modern India. Pointing out that India has no legislation on the subject of surrogate motherhood, he expressed concern over the fate of cases on the subject pending in the courts in the absence of a legislation. He threw light on the existing law in UK and many states of the US and found that the law on the subject is in general in state of flux and confusion. Justice Chauhan expressed concern over the abuse of the institution of surrogacy in the hands of rich and foreigners specially in absence of law on the subject.In his welcome address, head and dean BC Nirmal said that without religion, there can be no morality and without morality there can be no law. He pinpointed the complex nature of the relationship arising out of the institution of surrogacy, which needs legislative intervention.Presiding over the session, RK Misra, former dean of the law and former vice-chancellor of DDU Gorakhpur University expressed the need of legislation on the subject. He also emphasized the need of having more debates over the issue.MoU signed: An MoU between Lawrence Technological University, Southfield, MI, US and Indian Institute of Technology, Banaras Hindu University, was signed on Saturday by Virinder K Moudgil, president, Lawrence Technological University, US and Dhananjai Pandey, Director, IIT (BHU). The areas of mutual interest and collaborations were discussed on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "madikeri", "code": "17726312", "title": "Jumbo camps leaves villagers fuming", "text": "MADIKERI: Polibetta has become the latest camp for wild elephants. Coffee, paddy and other crops in Pollibetta, Chennyanakote, Mekooru and Hoskeri villages have been destroyed by rampaging elephants. The forest department, villagers fume, is indifferent to their plight. For the department it has become a routine affair. They take it seriously only when there is a human death, they added.The Pollibetta village panchayat, cultural association and agricultural cooperative society have submitted a memorandum to district forest officers and district administration to take measures to shift the elephants to the forest or to capture them. If officials fail, villagers have warned of protests. Speaking to Sunday Times of India, Virajpet division DFO Puttaswamy said that the 20 elephants camps in Pollibetta have been there since years. \"They have all been living in the area surrounding BBTC estate, and have become tame,\" he said. He also said that the chasing operation will begin from Sunday. Thithimathi RFO Gopal will head the team.More elephant trenchesThere will be new EPTs (elephant proof trench) in the required places, said Deepak Sharma, principal chief conservator of forests (wildlife division) here.He was instructing local DFOs (deputy conservator of forests) to take appropriate measures to dig trenches to prevent elephants from entering human habitation and fields. He visited Madikeri, Somwarpet and Virajpet -three places sensitive to man-animal conflicts. In Maldare village, Sharma agreed to build more trenches as requested by the villagers. He also visited the Dubare elephant camp, Shrimangala wildlife division and Maldare reserve forest range today.The report on human-elephant conflict will be submitted to the high court in January, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17725660", "title": "Oldest Rotary club in Madurai enters 75th year", "text": "MADURAI: The Rotary Club of Madurai which is the second oldest club in Tamil Nadu is celebrating its platinum jubilee this year. The celebrations began on Saturday.Speaking to media persons, T S Surersh Kumar, chairman of the platinum jubilee celebrations committee said this was a club which was started by leading industrialists T S Krishna of the TVS Group, P T Rajan, A H S Ramasamy and K M S L Sundararaman among others who joined hands with Britisher Sir J M Doak to form this club in Madurai in 1938, making J M Doak the first president and T S Krishna the secretary.Members will vouch for the fact that getting into this club was not an easy affair, he said. People queued up hoping to get an entry into this club but had wait for over six weeks to see if their entry had been approved by members of the club.It was a club that silently looked into the needs of Madurai society, through its service. If the Government Rajaji Hospital needed water for its patients, the club readily came forward to dig a borewell. Schools that had its students sitting on the floor were able to get furniture for their students with the help of this club.The students of the Indian Association for the Blind in Sundarajanpatti in the outskirts of Madurai have been obtaining 100 per cent pass in its public examinations and the administration and students attribute a part of this success to the Braille machine donated by this club under the Matching grants project with Rotary International. The printer has enabled the students to study with individual books instead of having to share them, giving them a better performance rate in the exams.This club also has the prestige of having had great leaders like the late vice-president of India V V Giri, former chief minister of Tamil Nadu O P Ramaswamy Reddiar, his successor chief minister K Kamaraj, Nobel laureate Dr C V Raman, Sri Jayaprakash Narayan and Dr Vickram Sarabhai among others.All the other Rotary clubs in southern Tamil Nadu have their roots in this grand old club, which is fondly known as the grandmother club. Even today, it is the only club of its kind, which does not encourage drinking and smoking at its meetings.As part of the platinum jubilee year, the club members led by their president RM Subramanian, are planning to establish a Rotary blood bank in Madurai and mobile dialysis van with help from hospitals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17726883", "title": "Delhi gang rape: Allahabad demands justice for victim", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Protests and demonstrations in the wake of the gang rape of a medical student in the national capital continued in the Sangam city on Saturday as people from diverse sections of the society poured onto the streets demanding justice for the victim and her family.Members of different social and cultural organisations staged a massive protest at Subhash crossing in Civil Lines demanding death penalty for the rapists who tormented the victim to such extreme levels that she is battling for life. Addressing the meeting, one of the speakers, Padma Singh said attacks on women would not be tolerated at any cost and the government should impose a ban on using black films and tinted glass in vehicles. Women should be treated with respect and dignity, rather than like an object which can be used and thrown at will.Another woman activist demanded death penalty for the guilty and said the government should make ac provision for inflicting the harshest punishment on those who indulge in such heinous crimes. Urging the government to adopt a tough stance against persons responsible for perpetrating such incidents, social worker Ramchandra Yadav said common man needs to rise against such unhealthy developments in the society.On the other hand, members of Akhil Bhartiya Vaishya Ekta Parishad led by national secretary Amar Vaishya Munna Bhaiyya on Friday protested against the incident and conducted a mock trial and subsequent hanging of persons responsible for Delhi gangrape at Muthigunj crossing. Women activists also formed a human chain at Subhash crossing to express solidarity with the victim. Members of Jai Prakash Narayan Sewa Samiti also held a meeting at Muirabad on Saturday where the speakers expressed shock over the incident and urged the government to sentence the guilty persons to death. tnnThe secretary Anju Pathak said it seems that safety of women in the national capital has become a secondary issue despite the fact that the country's top notch stay there.Zonal vice president, Akhil Bhartiya Varshney Sabha, Leena Varshney said women are respected across the world for their role in different aspects of life. But it is shameful to see that even as the country marches forward in the 21st century, we have failed to safeguard their honour which is evident in the rising incidents of rape. She urged the government to enact a law ensuring death penalty for rapists which would go a long way in checking such incidents in the future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17726863", "title": "'Action on staff only after breakthrough in case'", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Handing over the baton to the police, the Punjab National Bank authorities have made it clear that they would consider the grievances of the locker hirers, who allege missing of valuables from the safe deposit locker, and action against the suspected employees only after a breakthrough in the investigation.They also reiterated that as per the contract between the bank and the locker hirer, the bank does not have any role in offering protection to the valuables which are deposited by the clients purely on their risk.Asked about the repeated incidents of complaints against the same branch of the bank, circle head of PNB K A Ravishankar said: \"The bank also wants to know the truth. If any employee of the bank is involved in the incident we will take severe action.\" On the measures taken by the bank to prevent further incidents and to win the confidence of the locker hirers, the Circle head said they had already transferred two staff members, who are under suspicion. \"The custodian of the locker room has been transferred to another section of the same branch while the peon, who is the prime suspect, has been transferred to another branch,\" said Ravishankar.However, the bank authorities denied any responsibility to ensure protection to the property inside the safe deposit lockers. \"The bank can never know what is kept inside the locker. We only take an agreement from our clients that prohibited things like arms, ammunitions and bombs are not kept inside the locker.Responding to a question regarding the inspection conducted by the bank, Ravishankar said they could not identify any tampering of the lockers. \"Only in one case the locker was remaining open. It was the responsibility of the locker hirer to close the locker properly. The only lapse from the part of the bank was failure in monitoring the locker room on a daily basis.\"Asked about the CCTV visuals that showed the bank employees entering the locker room without entering in the register, the bank authorities said the strongroom of the bank was used to preserve cash box and documents submitted by the customers, which makes it necessary for the staff, other than the custodian of the locker, also to enter the locker room. \"Normally we do not prohibit the staff from entering the strongroom.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17726820", "title": "Fear stalks women commuters at night", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The city awaits a safer public transport, especially for girls during evening hours. After 9 pm, women commuting in the state capital can only keep their fingers crossed that they reach their destination safely. While frequency of bus services becomes less at that hour, there are no bus bays for women to wait at to avail of a vehicle. Auto-rickshaws plying without any supervision are often the only options left to women.\"Though I have never faced any unpleasant situation, no one knows what is in store if a girl is forced to hire an auto-rickshaw in the night,\" said Pallavi Mohapatra, president of RD Women's (Autonomous) College students' union. With increasing number of working women in the city now, those traveling at odd hours are bound to rise. More attention should be given to ensure their safety, she said.\"The city sleeps early. The frequency of buses becomes very less late in the evening. Where does one wait on the road? There are very few defined bus stops,\" said a Class XII girl, who at times takes an auto while returning home from tuition after 8 pm.Though over 20 newly built bus bays are ready since over the past eight months, buses don't stop at those and instead pick up passengers from anywhere they like. Sources said use of the bays is caught in official formalities. The road and building division of public works department, which constructed the bays, is yet to handover these to Bhubaneswar-Puri Road Transport Service (BPTSL) for commercial use. \"We have sent several reminders to the government to facilitate their transfer so that they could be used to ensure passengers' safety. I hope this will materialize by January 1,\" said Nishikant Mishra, chairman of Dream Team Sahara, which operates the intra-city buses.The government had announced to build 55 such bays in the state capital, including the 21 which are ready. These were supposed to have proper light arrangement, bus shelters, signposts, bus timings and route charts, which are yet to materialize. Currently, around 80 buses ply in the city.Just like the bus service, more than 17,000 auto-rickshaws ply in the city without proper supervision. The commissionerate of police had introduced compulsory display of driver's identity card besides mention of similar details on the autos. However, these measures are often not adhered to. \"Police were strict initially, so we had to display the cards. There is no frequent police crackdown anymore,\" said an auto driver when asked why he was not displaying his identity card in his vehicle.The plan of the government to introduce a prepaid system for auto-rickshaws is yet to materialize as well. \"We are working on the modalities of the prepaid system. The process involves the regional transport office too. I hope the city will be able introduce such a system soon,\" said ACP traffic Binod Dash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17725990", "title": "Grade separator work on despite ASI objection", "text": "PUNE: The work on a grade separator at S G Barve chowk near Pataleshwar caves in Shivajinagar continues despite the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI), Pune sub-circle, asking the Pune Municipal Corporation to stop the work in October.Some civic groups, including the Creative Foundation, on Saturday raised their objection. \"The PMC has ignored the Archeological department's warning and has started work in the 100 meter area of Pataleshwar caves,\" said Sandeep Khardekar of the Creative Foundation. Notably, the Pataleshwar caves have been declared a monument of national importance by the Government of India.Immediately after the PMC started the work in October, the Archaeological department's Pune sub-circle office had asked the civic body to stop it. However, the corporation has continued the construction since then though at a snail's pace.In a letter to the Pune municipal commissioner dated October 18, conservation assistant, Pune sub-circle of the Archaeological Survey of India had stated, \"It has been reported by our monument attendant that you have started excavation of under ground within the prohibited area of Pataleshwar caves. It is to inform you that the Pataleshwar caves have been declared a monument of national importance by the Government of India under provisions of Ancient Monument and Archaeological Site and remains Act 1958\".The letter adds, \"In the view of above provisions of law, I request you to take suitable action against the above persons who are involved in the illegal excavation activity within the prohibited area of Pataleshwar Caves at Pune\".In the same letter, the conservation assistant asked additional city engineer (road division) for information about the work. \"The said part of the road falls within the prohibited area of the Pataleshwar caves. You are therefore requested to take suitable action in the matter immediately,\" the letter states.The copy of letter has been forwarded to divisional commissioner, police commissioner and the superintendent archaeologist, Mumbai circle.However, the PMC claims that the Archeological department in Mumbai knows about the project. \"The PMC has already communicated to the Archeological department in Mumbai. We also had talks with the officers,\" said PMC's sectional engineer Bipin Shinde.When asked how the corporation could start work before an official permission was granted, Shinde said, \"The work falls under public purpose and hence the PMC decided to go ahead with the work. There is no conflict between the PMC and the Archaeological department. We have continued with our work\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "17725825", "title": "Kalyan man held for assaulting girlfriend", "text": "KALYAN: Bazarpeth police have arrested a 21-year-old man for allegedly assaulting a 20-year-old woman after she broke up their year-long relationship. The accused, Sanjay Athave, is a resident of Indira Nagar in Kalyan West.The girl decided to discontinue their relationship and asked the accused to meet her near Adharwadi Chowk on Friday night to discuss the issue.A furious Sanjay reportedly hit her and she sustained serious injuries on her head and face. She was rescued by passersby who rushed her to hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17726001", "title": "SRPF jawan dies during practice run", "text": "PUNE: Prakash Godawale (28), a jawan from the state reserve police force (SRPF), died of a mild heart attack during a practice run on the SRPF ground in Ramtekdi, Hadapsar, on Saturday.SRPF commandant Sanjay Jadhav said Godawale, a resident of Bhor, fainted during the regular practice run around 8.30 am. \"The doctor at the SRPF checked him, after which he was rushed to a private hospital in Hadaspar,\" Jadhav said.The hospital authorities declared him brought dead. Godawale's body was handed over to his relatives after the postmortem. The report said that he died due to a mild heart attack.A friend of Godawale from Bhor said that around 500 jawans had been asked to run from the SRPF ground to Vadachiwadi on Saturday. \"Their practice began at 5.45 am. Godawale had completed the run and had almost reached the SRPF ground when he collapsed,\" he said.He said that Godawale was an athlete. He is survived by his wife, parents and a brother.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17724469", "title": "Five held for attacking Kamatibaug fountain protester", "text": "VADODARA: Sayajigunj police arrested five youths allegedly involved in the attack on a citizen, who was part of the group spearheading the protests against the multimedia laser fountain in Kamatibaug. The incident had taken place near Bhimnath Bridge on Wednesday.An insurance advisor Urmil Bhatt was attacked by about 20 people around noon. The assaulters had threatened Bhatt and asked him to stay away from Kamatibaug laser fountain issue.The attackers saw a police van that was passing by and fled from the spot. The attackers had threatened Bhatt against participating in the protests.Sayajigunj police inspector A B Saiyed said the five accused include Samir Pathan, Munaf Sheikh, Imtiaz Pathan, Dilip Solanki and Gajanand Salunke - all residents of Akota area of the city. They were peeved at the protests and Munaf was promised a contract at the fountain after it came up.\"Munaf was expecting to get a contract for housekeeping once the fountain came up. He felt that if the project materialized, it would generate business for him and was annoyed when protests stopped work,\" Saiyed said.Another businessman Dilip Mehta, too, has claimed that some days ago he too was targeted by some unidentified person who rammed his car into his vehicle in the city. He alleged that a tyre of his car was also cut by unidentified persons.Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) had planned to start work on the project about two months ago. It was protests from citizens as well as regular users of the garden that led to the civic body putting it on hold.The protestors are of an opinion that the fountain would spoil the serenity of the garden.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17724818", "title": "Govt to present interim budget: Anam Ramnarayana Reddy", "text": "Finance minister Anam Ramnarayana Reddy on Saturday said that the government would present a vote-on-account (interim) budget in the Assembly before March next year. He added that the annual budget for 2013-14 would be presented at a later stage. Speaking to reporters in Nellore on Saturday, Anam said that the vote-on-account budget had become necessary following the constitution of legislative standing committees by the Speaker to discuss budget allocations in detail. The minister said that the presentation of vote-on-account budget was in practice even at the Centre. The government was contemplating on holding the budget session from March 11 and it would continue depending on the situation, he added. He said that the discussion on budget would take at least 18 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17726631", "title": "And some things don't change...", "text": "24 FORCED CHILD MARRIAGES IN OVER A YEAR IN MYSOREMysore Child Welfare Committee, a quasi judicial body, has received 24 cases of forced child marriages, three of child trafficking and one of rape in the past one-and-a-half years. State Home for Girls' superintendent Geethalakshmi told STOI that majority of child marriages are forced ones. \"According to our study, parents marry off girls fearing that she may become wayward. Often they do so after seeing their minor daughter in the company of a boy. In few cases, parents have married them as they (parents) are in poor health. And some of them are cases of elopement.\" The compilation was done after receiving cases from NGOs, police and from district child protection unit authorities. The CWC, since April 2011, has received 24 cases of child marriages, explained Geethalakshmi.PRINCIPAL YET TO BE NABBED AFTER HARASSMENT PLAINTThe principal of Shimoga's Vidya Nikethana PU College is still absconding, said police. An FIR had been filed by police against B Radhakarishna on a complaint by three girls of the college for attempted harassment and indecent behaviour on Friday. The police said his mobile phone was switched off and he was also not available at his relative's house. According to colleagues, Radhakrishna who hails from Andhra Pradesh is a bachelor and stays in a rented room. The college was closed on Saturday. Students who are agitating for action against the principal continued their protest on the second day.SIX-YEAR JAIL TERM FOR ACID ATTACKER, LIFE TERM FOR WIFEFor six years, Shanthi M G could not step out of her house in Mysore. Almost 75% of her face was burnt in an acid attack. Eleven years after the attack, Shanthi's life is still not the same. But for her perpetrator, her husband of 14 years, life became normal after a measly six-year term in jail. Shanthi's husband attacked her after she refused to pay him money for his drink. The year was 2001 and Shanthi was in her late 20s. The attack left her face completely disfigured, she lost complete sight in one eye and partly in the other. Her son Rathan was 12 and daughter Varshini 10 then. She recalls how her daughter would faint every time she saw her face. She was forced to change her rented houses frequently as the owners could not tolerate her disfigured face.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17725572", "title": "Operation Garima to be relaunched", "text": "JAIPUR: Jaipur Police will re-launch \"Operation Garima\" to prevent eve-teasing incidents with school and college girls in the city. Addressing the concerns over safety of woman across the country after the gang rape in Delhi, police said that girls can pen their complaints on a postcard and send the same to the commissionerate office if they are subjected to eve-teasing. Action will be taken on the basis of their complaints.Operation Garima was launched here by the then district collector in 2004. Under the project, complaint boxes were installed at schools and colleges where girls could drop their complaints in a written format. The administration had promised action even if the victims did not wish to disclose their identity. Besides, policemen in plainclothes were deputed at sensitive places near schools and colleges to keep tab on eve-teasers.A senior police officer said that incidents of girls being picked up randomly and sexually assaulted are not reported in Jaipur, but cases of eve-teasing are increasing.\"Girls normally ignore such incidents, however, such incidents can become serious issues if ignored. So, we have decided to address their problems in a more effective way. They will be able to send postcards to the nearby police station or commissionerate office if they are harassed,\" said commissioner of police BL Soni.Soni had already said that the police would contact school and college administrations and request them to approach the police if girls at their respective institutes are being harassed.However, it is yet to be seen if the police will keep its promises seriously.\"Operation Garima had produced good results initially. Action was taken against eve-teasers under the project. However, the authorities forgot about this unique project later on. It now remains tied up in the files. If the police are serious in tackling eve-teasers, such schemes would be a great step in ensuring a safer environment for girls,\" said Pramod Sharma, a social activist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17729143", "title": "Delhi gang rape: Victim continues to be critical, doctors say", "text": "NEW DELHI: The condition of the 23-year-old girl, who was gang raped in a moving bus last Sunday, continues to be critical and doctors are subjecting her to various tests today.\"We are subjecting her to all examinations and procedures. She continues to be critical,\" Dr B D Athani, medical superintendent of Safdarjung Hospital, told PTI.Doctors had said yesterday that the rape victim is psychologically \"composed and optimistic\" about her future and has started communicating.Doctors had also said they are keeping the patient on high doses of antibiotics and high standards of hygiene - two important factors for preventing infection.Prohibitory orders clamped, protesters defy policeEarlier, hours after police evacuated demonstrators from Raisina Hills and Sonia Gandhi's residence, high drama was witnessed at India Gate today when protesters resisted police attempts to detain them for defying prohibitory orders to protest against the gang rape of a young girl.The protesters assembled near the war memorial from 9am when they were asked to vacate the location by the police which said the area was under Section 144 of CrPC which bans the assembly of four or more persons. As the protesters remained defiant, police forcibly removed them from the spot.Some of the protesters tried to get out of the police van but were pushed back into the vehicle. Later, the protesters also punctured the tyres of the bus which was carrying them while a group of girls lay down infront of it. Women protesters alleged that they were manhandled by male police personnel though women police were present at the spot.\"We are here to protest a heinous crime. We have the right to protest,\" said Pushpa, a Nepali national, who is pursuing studies here.Earlier in the morning, the police evacuated a number of protesters from area of Raisina Hills, where Rashtrapati Bhavan and key government offices are located, and outside Congress chief Sonia Gandhi's 10, Janpath residence where they had stayed put since last night to protest against the gang-rape of the 23-year-old girl on Sunday last.The protesters, most of them students, who spent a chilly night in the open after they fought pitched battles with the police throughout the day yesterday at Raisina Hills, were taken into a bus in an early morning operation. Outside Gandhi's residence also, protesters were taken into custody.A large number of police men were deployed and Raisina Hills and Rajpath were barricaded. Eight metro stations near India Gate and Raisina Hills were closed as part of police preparations to contain the agitation.The police clamped prohibitory orders in New Delhi district and asked protesters to stage demonstrations either at Jantar Mantar or Ramlila Maidan.A Delhi Police statement said, \"Protestors may go to Ramlila Maidan or Jantar Mantar. Traffic has been diverted from Vijay Chowk and Rajpath.\"It said prohibitory orders under section 144 of CrPC have been issued in New Delhi area except Jantar Mantar.Anticipating more protests on the gang rape issue, eight Delhi Metro stations near Raisina Hill and India Gate were also closed for public.Last night, it was decided to close four stations \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Patel Chowk, Central Secretariat, Udyog Bhawan and Race Course \u00e2\u20ac\u201d but this morning it was extended to four more \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Barakhamba Road, Mandi House, Khan Market and Pragati Maidan.Though the commuters were less in the morning it being on Sunday, the few who chose to take the metro to reach these destinations were put to hardship as they unaware of the announcement made late last night by DMRC.Delhi Metro's decision came on the directions of the Delhi Police. The stations will remain closed till further orders.\"The stations will remain closed till DMRC gets further orders from the Delhi Police. All the four stations are close to India Gate. However, interchange will be allowed at Central Secretariat station,\" DMRC officials said.The police move came a day after thousands of youths clashed with the police at Raisina Hills protesting against the gang-rape and demanding speedy punishment to the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17724892", "title": "At 4.4C, Lucknow colder than Shimla", "text": "LUCKNOW: Saturday was the coldest and foggiest winter day for the city (2012-13) so far with mercury levels both during the day and in the night registering a significant drop. While the maximum temperature came down to 14.9 degree Celsius, eight degrees below normal, the minimum temperature 4.4 degree Celsius was four degrees below normal. The city, in fact, was colder than Shimla and Dehradun , which recorded 5.5 degree Celsius and 6.9 degree Celsius, respectively during last 24 hours.J P Gupta state Met director said dry icy winds from the snow-fed regions were sweeping the state, leading to drop in temperature and creating fog. The visibility in the morning was 200 metres. The foggy conditions affected rail, road and air traffic. Several trains and flights were running late. Driving on the streets in the morning and in the city was difficult. Similar weather conditions were recorded in other parts of the state. Gupta said that there will be no change in weather conditions in the next 24 hours.According to the Met department, Sunday will be foggy and chilly in Lucknow. Fog will occur during the morning but sky will be clear by afternoon. The minimum temperature is expected to be around four degrees. On Saturday too, fog cleared by 1 pm but a thin layer floated in the atmosphere.The highest mercury level was 14.9 degrees Celsius, which means average temperature during the day was 10-14 degrees Celsius.The city is facing cold day and chilly conditions for the last two days. While maximum temperature has been 6-8 degrees below normal, the minimum temperature has been 3-4 degrees below normal. According to the Met department, when maximum temperature is five degrees below normal, it is termed 'cold day' conditions. And when the minimum temperature in five degrees below normal, it is called 'cold wave' conditions. In coming days, the state capital is expected to witness both the cold day and the cold wave conditions.Najibabad was the coldest in the state with 3.4 degrees Celsius minimum temperature followed by Kanpur with 3.5 degrees Celsius, Agra-4.1 degrees Celsius, Farehgarh and Lucknow-4.4 degrees Celsius each and Muzaffarnagar and Meerut - 4.8 degrees Celsius each and Bareilly 4.9 degrees Celsius. Allahabad recorded 6.6 degrees Celisus and Varanasi 9.2 degrees Celsius. Gorakhpur recorded the lowest day temperature -12.9 degrees Celsius, Rae Bareli-13 degrees Celsius and Meerut 13.7 degrees Celsius.The Met department also predicted that weather will mainly remain dry all over the state. Many parts of the east UP and some parts of the West may witness dense fog. It has also issued a warning of cold wave conditions in the next 36 hours. The visibility would reduce to 200 metre or below in the morning hours over some parts of eastern UP during the next 72 hours. Meanwhile, severe cold wave conditions claimed one life in UP. According to polices, one person died due to intense cold in Hamirpur district on Friday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17724682", "title": "Rare rock formation in state of neglect", "text": "INDORE: A rare rock formation at Kavadia Pahad in Dewas district of Madhya Pradesh which is said to be between 61 to 69 million year old is reportedly being destroyed. It was formed during a volcanic eruption on Deccan plateau. This has been studied by paleontologist Vishal Verma, who shot to fame after the discovery of dinosaur fossils in Dhar district.\"The hexagonal rock formation was formed after the cooling of volcanic lava,\" said Verma adding that the cracks developed during the cooling process. He said it is monolithic rock (single rock) and creates a metallic sound if hammered. \"It is useful for the study of the reproduction of sound,\" Verma stated reiterating that it is a precious rock formation which needs to be conserved.However, the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) seems to be a mute spectator to the destruction of rock.The ASI official has washed off his hands saying that the rock formation site is not a protected one and it does not come under his jurisdiction. Superintendent archaeologist (ASI), Dr V K Saxena advocated that the local administration should first stop its destruction and the state government should sent a proposal for its conservation to the ASI. After which a gazette notification will be issued for its conservation.Need of an immediate conservation of the site can be understood from the fact that rock formation is very rare and till now it has been found only at two places in world. First in Northern Ireland\u00e2\u20ac\u201dwhich is now World Heritage Site and second is the Dewas forest.In the absence of a proper conservation plan for this rare rock formation it is being destroyed over the period of time. Of late some of the finest interlocking basalt columns are being broken and used for constructing steps to climb the mountain range (can be seen in photograph).Girdhar Gupta, who has been working for the conservation of the site for the past several years, said he has raised the issue of conservation of these structures with several government officials since last two decades, but there has been no encouraging response from any quarters. Some of the senior government officials have visited the place but nothing has been done for its conservation yet. He fears that if the site is continued to be ignored, the rare rock formation would cease to exist.The site comes under the forest area and forest officials claimed to have been taking steps for the conservation of the place. The district forest officer (DFO) Vibhash Thakur said some of the rock formations got weathered down with time. He denied that it is being broken by humans and termed it a natural process.For the conservation of the rock site, he said department is going to invite ASI to inspect the place and give their suggestions to forest department.Bird watcher Ajay Gadikar, who identified this rare rock formation claimed that he had carried out an extensive research and found that it is only in the Northern Ireland where a similar formation of rocks exist and is named Giant's Causeway. \"The Giant's Causeway is located in Country Antrim on the northeast cost of Northern Ireland. It was declared a World Heritage Site by UNESCO in 1986,\" said Gadikar adding that in Northern Ireland most of the columns are hexagonal although there are also some with four, five, seven and eight sides.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17724516", "title": "Cops to take action against molesters", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The recent Delhi gang rape has awakened the district police from its slumber. Following the announcement of a slew of measures by the director general of police G S Rath, a couple of days ago, the police here has undertaken steps to check sexual harassment cases in a more effective and pro-active manner.District police have announced the deployment of men and women police personnel in plain clothes at junctions identified as 'teasing zones' in the Steel City. From now, cops in plain clothes will be present at school and college thoroughfares, near cinema halls, in busy market areas and in public transports particularly in the city's buses.Senior police superintendent, Akhilesh Kumar Jha, said, \"The victims can lodge their complaints either through e-mail (ssp.jsr@jharpolice.gov.in) or over phone (by dialing 100). The nearest police station will respond swiftly.\" Jamshedpur, which is one of most vulnerable towns of the state in terms of sexual harassment cases, seems to have resolved to punish the molesters and this was evident in the past two three days. Girls, in a rare demonstration of courage, thrashed few boys in two separate incidents who were passing lewd comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17726518", "title": "Man held for cheating 22 people of over Rs 10 crore", "text": "BANGALORE: \"Soft-spoken and well-behaved \" was the first impression of those who had the misfortune of coming in contact with TV Ramakrishna Venkata Reddy. But it did not take long for his victims to realize that Reddy's \"generous offer of monetary help\" was only a ruse for his conning ways.After receiving complaints from 22 people that Ramakrishna had fraudulently transferred their property documents and pledged the same with financial institutions, Hebbal police have arrested the RT Nagar resident. Police put the worth of property involved at over Rs 10 crore. Reddy apparently offered money to people in need, take their property documents as guarantee and then commit the fraud.His girlfriend Suguna Jayachandra Reddy, 40, and associate Bharat Narayan Shetty, 47 are also in police custody. Suguna, a widow, is a Kalyan Nagar resident, while Bharat is from Laggere , near Peenya. Suguna and Bharat scouted and identified Ramakrishna's victims and later helped him indealing with bank officials.How Reddy operatedPolice investigation revealed that Reddy, Suguna and Bharath would collect information on propertied people, who are in need of urgent money. \"He introduced himself as a financier and offered monetary help, thus winning the victims' confidence,\" deputy commissioner of police-north , SN Sidramappa said. After making some advance payments to victims, Reddy would take their property documents as a guarantee. \"He would later create fake documents and pledge the properties with banks and other financial institutions and vanish after taking the money,\" police explained.In some cases, Reddy allegedly re-sold the property by forgery. \"The scale of the fraud could be bigger. Hearing of Reddy's arrest, more and more of his victims are coming to us and filing complaints,\" Sidramappa added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17726422", "title": "Great Goan hopes bound for South Africa", "text": "PANAJI: Nicolau Romnaldo Mendes, or just Nicky, shows no emotion at all when he drops a bombshell.\"He is our only son but we want him to chase his dream,\" said Nicolau, the father of Klins Mendes, one of the three Salgaocar Football Club players selected for a two-year stint at the Africa Soccer Development (ASD) soccer academy in Capetown , South Africa, where Goa's rising star Brandon Fernandes shaped his formative years and is now being closely monitored by clubs in Europe.Nicolau, based in Mumbai and a former footballer with Central Railway, probably is speaking not just for himself but for a majority of the other parents as well. It's painful for all of them to have their children away in an unknown country for two years at a stretch, but all of them are aware, and dreaming, of the bigger picture along with their children.\"I can see that he can grow into a fine footballer,\" said Santa Rita Coelho, father of striker Aldrich Coelho.Coelho has a point. Aldrich is among the fastest-improving striker in the state at the youth level and two years with Salgaocar has done his confidence a world of good. Klins, on the other hand, has astounded many with his quick-thinking skills in midfield while Myron Mendes -- the most confident of them all -- had attracted interest even from coaches in the United States , long before ASD came calling.\"We had no clue who would be selected. It was a tough selection process,\" said Myron.Tough selection process, as Myron put it, is probably an understatement. If anything, ASD coach Dave Waters took care of the last detail which included perfect timings, handshakes, warm smiles and overall, a thoroughly professional outlook.\"Our sole focus is to ensure that Myron becomes a professional footballer . He picked up a bat at first but we discouraged him. He was good at studies, he still is, and his dad does not like him neglecting that part, but it's football that enthuses everyone at home,\" admitted Maria Mendes, Myron's doting mother.At ASD soccer development, there is every chance these players' dreams will take shape. Having shot into prominence when Brandon Fernandes hit the headlines with trials in England, ASD has provided enough proof to suggest that there is a secret route to Europe through Africa.\"Two years (away from home) is quite some time but at the end of our training with ASD we would be closer to our dream of playing in Europe. It's worth the sacrifice,\" said Klins.\"We have all seen what happened with Brandon once he went to ASD. We have no doubt that we are taking the right route,\" added Aldrich.The South African League is among the most physical in the continent, and elsewhere. But that is not going to scare these brave Goans. \"Look, we have two feet, two hands just like the players from around the world. We can match, if not better them,\" said Myron, and provided the fitting example of Brazilian striker Neymar to drive home his point. Well taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17724660", "title": "Tardy trial adds insult to rape victims\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 injury", "text": "HYDERABAD: While the trauma of a woman sexually assaulted would be the same in any part of the world, it is even worse in Andhra Pradesh as it has a poor conviction rate of the offenders. This is because the victim here has preferred to go for out-of-court settlement due to three factors - public embarrassment and humiliation due to repeated questioning of the horrible experience, inordinate delay in the trial process, and in rural areas, pressure from elders who prefer to settle the matter out-of-court to avoid the village's name from getting tarnished.The recent Delhi incident may have galvanized the national capital to set up a fast track court to ensure speedy justice for the victim and punishment for the offenders, but in AP, the trial process is very slow and traumatizing for the victim. \"The undue delay for trial in courts is only worsening the trauma of the victim. And during the trial, many victims are subjected to the depressing experience of being asked to narrate again and again the details of what actually happened. All this is responsible for the low conviction rate in the state,\" said a senior police official.In case of minors, police sources said in several rural areas, the judicial officers are not aware that the trial in which minors are the victims should be held in camera, not in open court. \"In several instances we had to inform the courts concerned to have an in camera trial as the law prescribes,'' a senior inspector general of police rank officer who dealt with women protection cases (WPC) for several years till recently told STOI. According to him, when minors are subjected to the heinous crime, many of them do not recover for life. According to the police sources, the delay in the victim getting justice is also because of the insufficient forensic scientists and DNA kits in the AP Forensic Laboratory. The result is that in the best case, at least one-and-half-year is being taken by the courts before the sessions court delivers judgment. Another factor rampant in AP is the lack of importance given by the investigating officials concerned and the public prosecution, who plays an important role in bringing a culprit to task, in treating the case as sensitive and as top priority.\"The instances of out-of-court settlement are rampant in villages, mainly because of fear from the accused. When the victim is made to face so many hurdles to prove that she got raped or molested, many are preferring for out-of-court settlement after losing faith in the system. In AP villages, local community elders have turned middlemen for a compromise by making the victim get some compensation from the accused and also to avoid the village getting the stigma,'' the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17724347", "title": "Now, man &amp; animal collide", "text": "GUWAHATI: Just when the prolonged ethnic violence between Bodos and Bengali-speaking Muslims in the Bodoland Territorial Area District (BTAD) - an administrative set up under Sixth Schedule of the Constitution - which left nearly 100 people dead and over four lakh displaced between July and September this year is beginning to ebb, Assam has been caught up in the throes of another conflict, albeit of a different kind.This time, the conflict in Assam is between man and elephant, and has taken an almost vicious turn at the peak of the paddy harvesting season. On December 19, four people were trampled to death by wild elephants - three in Krishnai area of Goalpara district and one in Hojai area of Nagaon district. Also, more than 100 houses were damaged by elephants in Mariani area of Jorhat district.At least 70 people and not less than 10 elephants have been killed so far in confrontations in different parts of the state. The elephant casualties took place in a short duration spanning November-December, the crucial paddy harvesting time in the state.Villagers on the fringes of Khalingduar Reserve Forest and Bornodi Wildlife Sanctuary along the India-Bhutan border in BTAD's Udalguri district, about 170km from Guwahati, are spending sleepless nights. With a large herd of wild elephants from Bhutan crossing over to raid croplands in the plains almost every day since November, the locals are in a confrontational mode. Five people were trampled to death when they attempted to chase the herd and four jumbos were killed in the past two months.\"This being a dry season, there is a scarcity of food in the jungles. So, jumbos are raiding croplands as an easy source of food. This has resulted in man-animal conflict intensifying in the border areas,\" said Ananta Bagh, a conservation volunteer at Nonaipara area in Udalguri.Last week, a 60-strong herd entered Paneri area of district, and it took the forest department and local people three days to drive the herd away.\"We've had some respite for the last four days. Otherwise, jumbos were entering human settlements and raiding crops every day. We have deployed three teams in three conflict-prone areas for rapid response in chasing away elephants. Four trained elephants have also been pressed into service to assist in driving away wild jumbos,\" divisional forest officer of Dhansiri wildlife division, Bankim Sarma said.Sarma said the biggest problem in chasing away elephant herds is human mobs. \"Most human casualties are due to mob action and driving away elephants in an unorganized manner,\" he added.The conflict is not confined to places in the BTAD. Almost 11 out of 27 districts in the state are in the grips of human-elephant conflict. \"We are trying both short and long-term measures to mitigate human-elephant conflict. But, unfortunately, the conflict persists. We have planned to cover more areas under solar-powered electric fencing to prevent elephants from entering villages. As a short-term measure, we have asked our department personnel to intensify patrolling and are using trained elephants to chase away wild herds. Recently, there was a meeting in New Delhi of the chief wildlife wardens of all elephant-bearing states where conflict mitigation measures were discussed,\" Assam chief wildlife warden Suresh Chand said.Assam has an estimated 5,620 wild elephants, according to the forest department. Destruction of their habitats with the expansion of agricultural land, development projects and encroachment of forest land has aggravated the conflict. The forest along the India-Bhutan border and Sonitpur district bordering Arunachal Pradesh have seen large-scale destruction, primarily due to the expanding tea cultivations and encroachment by humans.Golaghat in upper Assam was one of the few districts spared deaths due to man-elephant conflict during the harvest season. According to honorary wildlife warden of the district Arup Ballav Goswami, two elephants died of electrocution in November-December. He added that although croplands and houses were damaged by jumbos, the conflict has not taken a deadly turn as yet. The National Highway Authority of India (NHAI)'s four-lane expressway passes through Assam's Lumding Reserve Forest, a \"crucial\" corridor for migration of elephants. According to the Elephant Task Force (ETF) report, Assam has recorded a staggering 36 per cent of total elephant casualties due to train-hits since 1987 - the highest in the country.As the conflict intensifies, the number of injured elephants has also increased. \"The last two months have been really bad for elephants in Assam because of the increase in human-elephant conflict,\" CWRC veterinarian, Abhijit Bhawal said. The Centre for Wildlife Rehabilitation and Conservation (CWRC) at Bokakhat in Golaghat had to treat two injured elephants last month and rescued two calves in the past four days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17725521", "title": "Two die after getting into septic tank", "text": "CHENNAI: Two labourers who went down a septic tank in an apartment complex at Tiruporur, 50km from here, died after inhaling poisonous gases on Friday. Two others who went along with them were rescued by fire and rescue services personnel and are recovering in hospital.Murthy, Krishnamurthy, Suresh and Viji went to the apartment complex. As they were cleaning the tank, Murthy and Viji died of asphyxiation. The residents at the complex called up the fire and rescue services who rushed to the spot and rescued Suresh and Krishnamurthy who were rushed to a hospital.Last month, two men hired by a resident of Chellaperumal Nagar in Sriperumbudur to clean his septic tank died after inhaling toxic fumes. Amudhan, 35, and Kesavan, 35, who were employed by the Sriperumbadur town panchayat, died inside the tank before they could be pulled out.People in the area informed the fire department personnel who arrived immediately and pulled the bodies out, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17725989", "title": "Secure Public spaces for citizens", "text": "The disregard for the set of central recommendations is symptomatic of the establishment's lack of concern for issues that matter most to citizens. No one expects cops to provide round-the-clock security to every citizen. But some simple steps, like bolstering the presence of cops on the streets and sensitising them to citizens' needs, can go a long way in tackling the general lawlessness that is so visible now. It's the total lack of interest in helping citizens, evident at police stations (as in the Kalyan case), that is galling. Cops must remember they are not doing anyone any favour when they are going after criminals; it's part of their job, it's something for which they get paid.Related Story:  Duo attacks man over his wife's police complaint", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17726363", "title": "Rangayana prepares for 7-day Bahuroopi fest", "text": "Rangayana, the theatre repertory, is gearing up for the much-loved national theatre festival. In an interview with STOI, Rangayana director B V Rajaram says they are forming subcommittees to ensure the success of the theatre festival. Hailing from Bangalore, the sexagenarian has been involved in theatre for nearly four decades. Rajaram has directed and acted in more than 110 plays.Rajaram was the president of Karnataka Nataka Academy. In 2001, he was awarded 'Samsa Ranga Prashasti' for teaching and training youth and college students in drama and was honoured for his service in mime by Indian Mime Theatre, Kolkata.Excerpts:How are the preparations going on for Bahuroopi, the national theatre festival?The preparations are going on well. We are done with preliminary meetings with Rangayana artists and officials. In next few meetings, we will form around 15 sub-committees to look after various matters like accommodation, food, stage and others.How different will be this Bahuroopi be from the previous ones?This year, Bahuroopi will be a seven-day festival. As this is Rangayana's 25th year of existence, it will be called Ranga 'yaana '-25.A total of 21 plays will be staged - four from other states. Folk dance artistes from Delhi, Rajasthan and Orissa will be invited. A platform for discussion on 'modern professional theatre' will also be organized.How is the theatre movement in Karnataka?Theatre movement in our state is alive. But, in cities there is a problem of audience and in villages there are financial constraints for theatre groups. In cities, an intelligent group of audience watch plays. If plays are staged every week then the theatre movement can survive. Many youngsters are getting attracted towards theatre, which is a good sign.How is the youth's response for Rangayana? Do they watch plays?Rangayana has taken theatre development as a responsibility. It organizes 'College Rangotsva' and 'Chinnara Mela' to attract children and youth towards theatre. They take part in different plays. To attract youth to watch plays, we give them a concession in the ticket price. Youth as audience come in good numbers.How is the response for the weekend shows and diploma course?Many of the shows run house full. People know that every weekend there are shows and they turn up in good numbers. For the diploma course, we have received around 60 applications for the 15 seats this year. We have to grow stronger as this is our third year.About the theatre museumThere are some financial problems. It will open shortly. We also want to come up with theatre library, where scripts of every play staged across the state are made available. Let us hope for the best.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "17724460", "title": "50% of Hazaribag seats reserved for women", "text": "HAZARIBAG: The state election commission has reserved 50% seats of the 32 wards of Hazaribag Municipal Council for women candidates for the ensuing civic elections scheduled for early next year.This has taken the existing commissioners by surprise as this means that they will not be able to contest the elections next year. In the current municipal council, there are eight women candidates. In the coming elections, as many as 12 existing male ward commissioners of Hazaribag Municipal Council, will not be able to contest the elections as their wards have already been notified for women candidates. This has resulted in resentment among the municipal councilors here.They have also criticized the move of the local authorities as they claim that those ward commissioners who played a key role in solving the burning problems of their respective wards were debarred from contesting the elections with their seats being reserved for women candidates. They further pointed out that the remaining 16 wards too were left open for both male and female candidates. During the last civic elections, the post of the chairman was reserved for a SC woman candidate, besides some other wards being reserved for women candidates.Spokesman for Hazaribag Municipality said, \"The decision regarding the election of the chairman will be finalized on January 8 next year and once this is through, the process of holding the elections for Hazaribag Municipality will begin.\"In the forthcoming elections, 104148 voters will exercise their franchise for which 224 polling booths will be set up against 108 in the last election.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17726768", "title": "Eve-teasers spoil girls' fun", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Little pleasures of life like going to the movies or hanging out at shopping malls in the city is marred by the nuisance created my mischief mongers and eve-teasers for girls. Women are forced to be on their guard at all times even at such crowded public places and cannot really let their hair down lest they be teased verbally or abused physically.\"Places like cinema halls and shopping malls are meant for relaxation and merry making, but we remain under apprehension once we reach these places,\" said Ruchika Agrawal, a young banker. \"It is the responsibility of the police to make us feel comfortable so we can live without fear. Shopping mall and cinema hall management should also ensure adequate security on their premises,\" she said.Manager of a movie hall Rabindra Kumar Sahu, however, felt women should take precautions to keep eve-teasers at bay and advised girls not to remain isolated, especially while coming out or entering the halls to watch a movie. \"It is at this time that pick-pockets and eve-teasers create nuisance,\" said Sahu.\"Without waiting for police help, we at times ask private security guards to intervene in some incidents of eve-teasing on the hall premises,\" said Sahu, adding after small incidents of undesirable comments to some girls were reported on the premises of his hall, they decided to install CCTV cameras so culprits can be identified later if a police complaint was lodged. Sahu lamented poor police patrolling at movie halls and suggested more presence of police personnel at such venues.Expressing helplessness in nabbing all miscreants, additional deputy commissioner of police Pradip Kumar Ray said most incidents of eve-teasing, passing abusive comments, etc., go unreported. \"Although the movement of PCR vans, motorcycle patrol and vigil of plainclothes policemen has been intensified at these places, yet it becomes difficult to crack down on all the miscreants. Unless the victims report the incidents to us, we cannot nab mischief mongers,\" he said.Additional commissioner of police Santosh Bala, however, conceded to the need to ensure better security for women at entertainment venues. \"We know that a few movie halls have installed CCTV cameras. We will ask other halls to install the cameras at the earliest too,\" he said, adding, \"Special drive is being launched to keep a watch on mischief mongers at all crowded places including parks, cinema halls and malls.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17726730", "title": "Tea garden workers seek BPL status", "text": "KOLKATA: With the closure of several tea estates in West Bengal leading to destitution, their workers, led by a section of trade unions, on Saturday demanded they be included in the below poverty line (BPL) list.New Trade Union Initiative (NTUI), a centre of independent trade unions and workers from three closed tea gardens of West Bengal's Jalpaiguri district met state government officials and demanded an agency be set upto monitor the closure of the tea gardens so as to enable the government take requisite rehabilitation measures. ians\"Our main demand is that the workers of the tea gardens should be declared as BPL so that after closure, various government schemes could be extended to them,\" said Anuradha Talwar of one of the trade unions.Of the three tea estates, Dheklapara has remained closed for over a decade now, the Dalmore tea garden was again closed since July after being reopened in January, while the Ramjhora estate was reopened in October 2010 after being closed for almost seven years.\"With no livelihood, medical infrastructure and even drinking water, the workers have been facing destitution for long with as many as 15 of them dying due to starvation and malnutrition,\" alleged Talwar.Unless the BPL initiative was extended, there would be more such deaths, he said.\"The tea gardens do not get closed overnight. There are symptoms of closure like salary and provident fund backlogs, frequent lock outs, etc. If there is a monitoring agency then it can decide that a particular tea estate is on the verge of closure and the government then can initiate the rehabilitation measures,\" added Talwar.The workers, who met several government officials including state Industries Minister Partha Chatterjee to apprise them of their plight, said they have been assured that necessary steps would be taken.\"Ever since the closure there have been many deaths in the families of the workers. As a last resort we now want to run the estate and the government has said that they will help us in doing so,\" said Rajesh Vishwakarma, a worker of a closed garden.\"The government has been sympathetic to our plight and we hope that these words transform into deeds otherwise we do not have any other choice but to commit suicide which is still a better option than dying due to malnutrition or starvation,\" said Sina Oraon who worked in the Dheklapara tea estate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17726569", "title": "Mandur march brings dumping woes to fore", "text": "BANGALORE: Members of the Loksatta Party and residents of Mandur walked to Bangalore on Saturday to protest against the unscientific disposal and dumping of garbage in the village situated 20 kms from the city.Upset with the way the state government and the BBMP is tackling solid waste management and burdening the villagers with Bangalore's 200 truckloads of garbage every day, the party members decided to march in protest.Urban experts like Ashwin Mahesh , solid waste management activists like Dr Meenakshi Bharat and Shantala Damle walked with a few residents of the village. In the morning, they first visited the dumping site in Mandur where villagers voiced their protest. They also expressed their anguish over BBMP turning a deaf ear to their problems. Other experts like Prithvi Reddy and R K Misra were also present at Mandur.\"We won't allow dumping in our village,\" said Mandur residents . When the rally reached Domlur in Bangalore, educationist TV Mohandas Pai joined them to show his support.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17728739", "title": "Himani Shivpuri bats for theatre for education", "text": "Veteran actor Himani Shivpuri, best remembered for her roles in the serial 'Humrahi' (she played Devki Bhojai) on DD National and in films like 'Hum Aapke Hain Kaun' and 'Kuch Kuch Hota Hai', feels that theatre can be a great tool for educating children. Shivpuri, who was in Vadodara to attend a school event, says, \"Even my father, who was a teacher, used to say the same. Sadly, a lot of our traditions are fading away and theatre can be a great tool to ensure that it doesn't happen. A good play can teach so much about culture. One can also improvise a lot with the medium and use it to teach kids.\"She adds, \"I believe that teaching is one of the most noble professions and it's no easy task to shape the minds of the next generation. Thanks to my father, there's a teacher in me also. Recently, as I directed a play called Sunhare Sapne (it is based on a story written by her late father) as a mark of tribute on my father's first death anniversary and held a workshop for children taking part in the play. There, while instructing the kids, I played the role of a teacher to perfection!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17727138", "title": "Punjab\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s toxic water kills in womb: Study", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The toxic groundwater in Punjab villages along five major waste drains \u00e2\u20ac\u201d\u00e2\u20ac\u201dBuddha, Hudiara, Kala Singha East Bein and Tung Dhab \u00e2\u20ac\u201dis having dangerous fallout. It is resulting in rise in stillbirths and spontaneous abortions as well as delayed language learning and mental growth in children under the age of 12. These startling facts have come out in a study recently published in an international journal, which examines the impact of the deadly cocktail of heavy metals present in groundwater on women and children.This is the first bit of evidence from North India that shows a link between heavy metal and pesticide pollution of water and reproductive and child health morbidity. Leave aside the toxicity in cattle milk, even mother's milk has been found to have high levels of metals.The study published in Journal Epidemiol Community health covers 35 villages in Amritsar, Ludhiana and Jalandhar districts of Punjab, where toxicity has been ascertained. The study's main investigator, Dr J S Thakur, from PGI's school of public health had been the first to establish the toxicity in Punjab's groundwater.In a cross-sectional community-based survey, 1904 women in reproductive age group and 1762 children below 12 from 35 villages were interviewed for general health morbidity. Doctors also conducted their clinical examination. Out of 35 villages, 25 served as target (exposed) and 10 as non-target (less exposed).Spontaneous abortion (20.6 per 1000 live births) and premature births (6.7 per 1000 live births) were significantly higher in the area affected by heavy metal and pesticide pollution. Stillbirths were about five times more as compared to a meta-analysis for South Asian countries. A large proportion of children in target area was reported to have delayed language learning, blue line in the gums, mottling of teeth and gastrointestinal problems. Mercury was found in more than permissible limits in 84.4% samples from the target area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17726299", "title": "Special buses for women on slow track", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Ltd's (PMPML) special bus service for women has received a lukewarm response. While the transport body says there are no takers, women commuters counter that the buses never run on time and thus unpopular among them.Rajya Sabha MP Vandana Chavan and PMPML director Prashant Jagtap had flagged off the PMPML's special bus services for women and students from the Swargate bus depot, in October. The buses run on three routes - Swargate-Hadapsar, Swargate-Dhayari and Katraj-Shivajinagar. The buses run every 45 minutes. For the first time, the PMPML had recruited women conductors for issuing tickets in the special buses. \"The response to the special bus service is poor.There are hardly any takers for this service. But still we continue to run the buses,\" said PMPML's traffic manager Sunil Gavali.The PMPML had announced that the women's special buses will be launched on two new routes --from Nigdi to Pune station and Nigdi to Swargate and the number of routes on which the buses will run will gradually be increased to 100.\"But as of now we don't plan to go ahead with the additional routes as the existing bus service has no commuters,\" said Gavali. When asked about the specific reasons for the poor response, Gavali said, \"Women generally commute with their family members. Also majority of working women use two wheelers for commuting. Only those who have no access to personal vehicles use the PMPML special buses.\"The PMPML had started special bus services for women on three routes even in May 2008, which were discontinued due to poor response.Women commuters are not convinced. \"This is nothing but an excuse. The transport body is not at all serious about the service. The special buses hardly run as per the schedule. Many a times the PMPML doesn't even run these special buses,\" said Megha Tikone, a regular commuter.\"The PMPML has not made any efforts to disseminate information about the special bus service. Most women, even regular commuters are unaware of. On many occasions, men board the bus and commute with us,\" said Ujwala Rakhse. The PMPML is now hinting at discontinuing the bus service, reasoning that the body is facing severe shortage of buses to cater to the demands of the citizens in Pune, Pimpri Chinchwad and fringe areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17726660", "title": "Unhappy with security system for women in the state: C Manjula", "text": "Karnataka State Commission for Women chairperson C Manjula is unhappy with the security system for women in the state, especially Bangalore . In an interview to STOI, she says the authorities have done little despite the increase in crimes against women.Is Karnataka, in particular Bangalore, a safe place for women?It is the duty of the government to ensure complete safety and security of women. I am not happy with the security situation in the state. Crimes against women are increasing, especially rapes against children . The government should take the issue seriously and act. As far as Bangalore is concerned, it is an overpopulated multicultural city. It requires better policing.What has the women's commission done to ensure the safety of women?We have asked the government to take immediate and long-term measures to ensure the safety of women. The government can't earn just revenues from big cities and wash its hands of when it comes to security. With the growth of the city, even the police system must be strengthened. We have asked the government to enhance security at public places like bus and railway stations as an immediate measure.What can be done to make women feel safe?It is a sensitive and big issue, which requires both long-term and short-term measures. Our women public representatives should raise their voice about women's issues in the assembly and Parliament . They can't keep quiet and speak when a grisly crime happens. The commodification of women and indecent representation of women in the media, including films and advertisements, should be curtailed.There are only 10 women police stations in the state. Do you think there should be more to exclusively deal with women's issues?Crimes happen across the state. Every police station should deal with the issue sensitively and efficiently. I do not advocate exclusive police stations for women. It won't help solve the problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17729662", "title": "Is Demi heading towards relapse?", "text": "Actress Demi Moore has sparked fears that she is heading towards relapse and will need treatment for substance abuse and an eating disorder for the second time.Moore's estranged husband Ashton Kutcher filed for divorce Friday, more than a year after their split in November 2011.After they split, Moore had checked into rehab for an eating disorder and substance abuse issues. The actress is reportedly plunging into depression after her three daughters -- Rumer, 24, Scout, 21, and Tallulah, 18 -- cut contact with her because of her hard partying.\"The girls want Demi to pull herself together, act her age and stop carrying on like some teenage party girl. But Demi just refuses to give up the lifestyle that once made her happy, even though it now just amplifies her loneliness,\" a source told radaronline.com.\"She's determined to find young love again and is at a loss as to why she is still single. On top of having no love life, her daughters have once again turned their backs on her -- she just feels so alone, and that feeling is made all the worse as Christmas approaches,\" the source added.Moore's friends are worried that she is depressed again.\"Demi feels so alone in the world. Her mom and step dad are both dead... and although she has three step-siblings - she hasn't spoken to them in 30 years! And her half brother James is in jail for 10 years for assaulting his girlfriend so there is no one for her to spend the holidays with. It's going to be another sad and lonely time for Demi,\" said an insider.\"Demi's friends are worried she will be so down over the holidays that she may relapse, and they no longer know what to do to help her,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17724626", "title": "Cine stuntmen put \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcoutsider\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 in his place", "text": "HYDERABAD: Film fighters showed off their gutsy side off the screen on Saturday as they successfully persuaded actor Nagarjuna not to allow fight master Vijay to work for his film.More than 100 fighters of the AP Cine Stunt Directors and Stunt Artistes Union went to Annapura Studios and lodged their protest against a non-local being allowed to work here without taking mandatory membership. The film fighters who took a tough stance, met Nagarjuna and conveyed to him that it would not be acceptable if Vijay was allowed to work.\"In fact, we had taken a decision that cooperation should not be extended to films if non-local film fighters were hired to work in Telugu films here against the rules. We conveyed this to Nagarjuna and he agreed to our demand,\" ex-president of the fighters association P Satish told TOI. Vijay who has his membership in Tamil Nadu has been working in Telugu films and it has attracted the ire of the local film fighters and stunt masters.Vijay has been given time till January 20, 2013 to take membership here. It may be recalled that a couple of years ago, the work in the Telugu film industry had come to a complete halt following an episode in which local film fighters attacked film fighters from Tamil Nadu while they were shooting for the film 'Kandireega'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17726149", "title": "'We are taking steps to ensure sanctity of exams'", "text": "Karnatak University, which recently bagged the 'University of Potential Excellence (UPE)' tag by the UGC is in the news for all the wrong reasons. Even as efforts are on to utilize the funds that accompany the UPE tag properly, a section in the University is out to tarnish its image by indulging in illegal activities. Police arrested two daily wage employees working in the examination section on charges of tampering with answer sheets after the matter was exposed by sting operation conducted by a private TV channel. Karnatak University vice-chancellor HB Walikar spoke to STOI on the episode and other issues related to the varsity.The sting operation by electronic media has exposed involvement of two employees of the University in tampering the answer sheets. What has the University done in this regard? As soon as we came to know about the incident through the media, I had a discussion with registrar (evaluation) KR Durgadas and he has lodged a complaint with the local police. The police have registered a case and arrested two persons allegedly involved in tampering. Police are investigating the case and once we receive the preliminary report from the police further action against the guilty will be decided. I have requested the police commissioner to expedite the investigation and has appealed to him to bust the racket if any existed.Is the university conducting an internal enquiry into the charges?We will appoint a sub-committee of the Syndicate headed by a retired judge to conduct the enquiry.Is it true that some teaching faculty were involved in the answer paper scam?I have enquired about the scam and prima facie I don't find the involvement of teaching faculty. Further the answer papers that were allegedly tampered were not of M Com course as reported in some sections of media but they belonged to BCom course. I feel there could be more people involved in the scam as only two persons employed on daily wages basis would not dare do such thing without support from others.Investigation will bring out the truth.There is a feeling that the university is slow in acting against those found guilty in various scams. The investigation into a case of sexual harassment by a teacher has not been taken to a logical end yet.Yes. We are taking all the measures to ensure that the sanctity of examination is maintained.But sometimes inadvertently certain things will happen.The guilty will be punished. As far as the case of alleged sexual harassment by a teacher, the retired district judge who was appointed to enquire into the allegation has submitted his final report. A final decision on the report will be taken at the Syndicate meeting to be held on January 11, 2013. There is no question of protecting those proved guilty.The entrance test conducted by the university for PhD course also came in for criticism as the key answers provided were wrong. The varsity had to conduct re-examination. Why do such blunders happen?It was a human error that key answers to five questions were wrong. The question paper and model answers were set by an external agency. Realizing the folly, the varsity had decided to award grace marks for these questions. However, the government ordered us to conduct re-examination as some candidates objected to our decision to award grace marks.What has been done to fill the large number of vacancies in the varsity?There are 146 vacancies for teaching faculty at PG departments and 62 in UG. We have asked for 42 additional teachers. chief minister Jagadish Shettar has promised to do the needful.How is the financial position of the varsity?Now we are comfortable, thanks to chief minister Jagadish Shettar.He has already released Rs 20 crore and another Rs 27 crore is expected immediately, which will help us take development works.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17725475", "title": "Jaipur Jewellery Show begins with a glittering show", "text": "JAIPUR: The tenth edition of Jaipur Jewellery Show 2012 (JJS), got off to a rousing start on Saturday at Rajmahal Palace lawns. The show, which had a humble beginning in 2003 with just 67 stalls, is growing strength to strength with 464 booths this year, with another 72 booths in waiting list.The show was inaugurated by Sean Gilbertson, executive director of Gemfields, the world's foremost gemstone producer. \"Gemfields' passion with gemstones has elements of devotion and transparency. Gemfields believe in collaboration, not competition, because in unity, there is strength. Jaipur is known as world's foremost and number one centre for gemstone and it is also known as universe's knowledge-base with centuries of experience, skills and craftsmanship,\" said Gilbertson.Speaking on the occasion, Gilbertson said that in one of the emerald mines in Zambia, 450 people work seven days in a week and dig five million kilograms of rocks to obtain one kilogram of emerald. It shows the devotion of Gemfields, he said.\"Gemfields is listed in London Stock Exchange and it maintains all the transparency to give true and factual data about its production and cost. In Zambia, we also mine amethyst. The ruby mined in north Mozambique will make its way to Jaipur market in June 2013,\" said Gilbertson.Just as each year JJS focuses on promoting a particular gemstone, this year, the focus is on promoting the king of all precious stones, the diamond. \"The Gem &amp; Jewellery Export Promotion Council (GJEPC) would provide Rs 45 crore grant for setting up the gem bourse in Jaipur. The GJEPC is also holding talks with the government on reducing the duty on import of rough coloured gemstones. The council is also trying to start a buyer-seller meet between Jaipur and Moscow and efforts are on for trade with Afghanistan for gemstones,\" said vice-chairman of GJEPC, Pankaj Parekh.Jewellery has always been most intrinsically connected with royalty and the city of Jaipur is most apt to be hailed as the seat of a show that is the ideal platform to showcase the best in the gem and jewellery industry, he said.The JJS has been actively promoting various colored gemstones over the years. The coloured gemstones industry, as per the last financial year's figures, stood at US dollar 3.44 billion, demonstrating a growth of 10% over the previous year. The industry has been growing steadily in the past five years and initiatives such as the Mines to Market held in Jaipur last year has gone further in bringing the international market to Jaipur,\" he added.\"The Gem and Jewellery SEZ at Jaipur started with a modest export of Rs 5.8 crore in 2008 and today it is almost touching Rs 1,000 crore. Out of the Rs 3,200 crore exports from Jaipur, the SEZ Sitapura's contribution is about Rs 1,000 crore,\" said Jayant Mishra, development commissioner of Special Economic Zone (SEZ) at Noida. He invited entrepreneurs to use the facilities at Sitapura which still has 40 blocks to be allotted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17725590", "title": "Amit Sapru storms into quarterfinals", "text": "MUMBAI: Park Club cueist Amit Sapru (+90 handicap) defeated club mate Sanjiv Bijlani (+110) 513-391 in a prequarterfinal round match of the Shivaji Park Gymkhana and Park Club Open Handicap Billiards Tournament on Saturday.In the quarterfinals, Sapru will cross swords with Mahesh Jagdale (ECC), who early this month won the state selection billiards title. Jagdale (-80) dashed the challenge from P J Hindu Gymkhana's Jaiveer Dhingra (+30) winning by a comfortable 320-188 margin.In a battle between professionals, Nalin Patel (-200) of Bombay Gymkhana and Devendra Joshi (-250) of Shivaji Park Gymkhana, the former who compiled a 266 break, the highest in the tournament so far, won the contest at 291-162.Meanwhile, Matunga Gymkhana's Nikhil Ghadge (+80) continued with his good run of form as he overcame World billiards No. 3 Dhruv Sitwala (-250) to progress to the quarterfinals. Sitwala found the handicap quite stiff against Ghadge who played consistently and went down 223-303.Results (PQF): Rohan Jambusaria +90 (MCF) bt Shekhar Surve +120 (SPG) 383-356, Nikhil Ghadge +80 (MG) bt Dhruv Sitwala -250 (PJHG) 303-223, Nalin Patel -200 (BG) bt Devendra Joshi -250 (SPG) 291(266)-162, Mahesh Jagdale -80 (ECC) bt Jaiveer Dhingra +30 (PJHG) 320-188, Deepak Khubchandani +100 (KG) bt Kekoo Nicholson +120 (CCI) 419-404, Amit Sapru +120 (PCL) bt Sanjiv Bijlani +110 (PCL) 513-319, Vishal Madan -50 (CG) bt Kabil Badami + 90 (BG) 322-307.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17726727", "title": "Parties lose presidents in poll mahakumbh", "text": "AHMEDABAD: There was one similarity between the BJP and the Congress in the recently concluded assembly polls. The presidents of both the leading political parties lost elections from their respective strongholds.State BJP president R C Faldu lost from Jamnagar (Rural) by a margin of 3,304 votes and Congress president, , lost to BJP's Babu Bokhriya by 17,146 votes. He has already resigned from the post, accepting responsibility for the party's poor show.High commands of both parties have informally begun hunting for faces to lead state units. A senior BJP leader said that once the CM and his ministers take the oath, the party will appoint a new chief. Party senior leaders will consult the national high command, most likely in January, for the new chief. There are slim chances of Faldu being repeated, but if the party wishes he could get a second term according to the BJP's recently amended constitution.\"Kaushik Patel and I K Jadeja, both vice-presidents in the state unit, have good chances of making it to the top post. The name of Vijay Rupani, former Rajya Sabha MP and a leader close to the CM is also under consideration. The party wants an aggressive leader in the run up to the Lok Sabha polls where the party's performance in Gujarat will matter the most.On the other hand, Congress has a very limited choice. While Modhwadia will not get a second term, his party colleague and leader of opposition Shaktisinh Gohil too has slim chances of becoming president given the fact that he himself lost from Bhavnagar (Rural).A senior Congress leader said, \"The party may consider senior tribal leader Mohansinh Rathwa, sitting MP Vithal Radadiya who won from Dhoraji, Patan MP Jagdish Thakor or Shankersinh Vaghela.\" Vaghela, who is the most eligible candidate for the post of leader of opposition, has also told close colleagues that he wouldn't mind heading the state unit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17726385", "title": "Party hard, raise toast till 1 am on New Year\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s eve", "text": "BANGALORE: New Year revellers have something to cheer about when they usher in 2013. Police have allowed bars and liquor joints to stay open till 1am on Monday, the New Year's eve.Police commissioner B G Jyothi Prakash Mirji on Saturday said liquor joints should obtain a permission from the excise department. \"Eateries and other establishments , too, can be open till 1am. Establishments which don't serve liquor needn't take permission from the excise department,\" the commissioner said.He warned of stern action if mischief mongers and revellers run amok. \"No reveller should cross the limits or create nuisance. Such miscreants will be arrested on the spot.\"Mirji cautioned motorists and two-wheeler riders against driving after consuming alcohol. \"Vehicle-using revellers should make sure that the rider or driver is not under the influence of alcohol.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17729546", "title": "Ameer calls Sivakarthikeyan Ilam Sooravali", "text": "Nakul's new movie Naan Rajavaga Pogiren is creating a lot of buzz among the film circuit.During a recent event of the film, director Ameer arrived at a new title for Siva Karthikeyan. Ameer called the young actor Ilam Sooravali. This thrilled the TV anchor-turned-actor to no end and he straight away acknowledged the gesture from the ace director.Siva Karthikeyan is now busy with two of his films, Ethir Neechal and Kedi Billa Killadi Ranga .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17726553", "title": "I-League: East Bengal test for Mumbai FC", "text": "PUNE: Mumbai FC have blown hot and cold so far this season. Five wins from 11 games have been off-set by as many defeats and statistics provide a clue to the problem that has plagued the western outfit.Against 19 goals scored, they have conceded 20. They will have to plug the leak if they cherish any hope of ending on the right side of the scoreline against East Bengal in a 12th round I-League match at the Balewadi sports complex on Sunday.\"There is a little bit of concern about defence,\" said team manager Henry Picardo on the eve of the encounter.\"I am pretty happy with the strikers, although they have missed a few. But that's part and parcel of football. Defence is the only grey area,\" he added. To add to their worries, Faisal Rehman has a slight shoulder pain although Picardo didn't rule him out for Sunday's game.But the team will take heart from the fact that they have had a good record against eastern teams this season, barring the 2-3 loss to Pailan Arrows in the season opener.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17724994", "title": "Boy sodomized on school campus", "text": "INDORE: An 11-year-old boy was sodomized on a school campus in Malharganj area of the city on Thursday.The school management instead of reporting the issue to the police, tried to send the boy home.The victim, a resident of Das Bagichi, is a student of Subhash Bose School.The police said there was a delay in filing the case because the school had failed to report the incident.Investigating officer Sitaram Yadav said the incident took place in the afternoon in lunch time when all kids were playing on the school ground.While other children were playing cricket, the victim was sitting on the ground.A man came and sat next to the boy and began conversation telling him that his teacher was calling him.The accused went inside in a classroom with the boy and allegedly sodomized him. However, few other children noticed and pelted stones at him. But, the accused managed to escape from the scene.\"All children, including the victim approached teachers and reported the issue. However, the teacher sent the boy home,\" Yadav said, adding that the boy reached home and informed his mother who, in turn, called the police. After the medical check-up, the police booked the unidentified accused under sections 377 (unnatural sex) and 506 (criminal intimidation) of IPC and are trying to trace him. Yadav said the accused is of 25 years of age.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "17726234", "title": "Anjuna locals losing fight against rave parties", "text": "MAPUSA: Despite several complaints and protests from locals and assurances given by police, the rave party menace continues to bother Anjuna's villagers.A team of 10 locals had been selected to work as volunteers with police in a joint drive to stop the late night loud music menace. The SP North, Vijay Singh, tagged them as Special Police Officers (SPOs). It was also decided that SPOs will be provided with training by the police, however, villagers alleged that there are late night parties being held at beach shacks almost everyday where the music is played over the permissible sound level which continues till 4am thereby causing great trauma to the people in the neighborhood.\"Nothing yielded in favour of us. Parties continue, traffic rush of the parties creates dust pollution, sound rules are blatantly violated and we are tired of rushing to police to stop it,\" said Savio Almeida, Anjuna deputy sarpanch.\"We are not against music. It is the time at which it is being played at and the type of music being played that we are opposing,\" said Almeida, who is representing the locals.The locals had approached as many as 15 authorities concerned to look into the matter and stop the harassment, nuisance, mischief, danger and illegalities attached to late night parties. Locals say that police only \"eyewash\" the locals with some raids after complaints, but don't act to eradicate the menace. Recently, police interrupted and stopped rave parties after locals rushed to the police station.\"Whenever we approach police, they say 'Show us the place of rules violation'. Why have we to point out violations every time and then only police stops the music? Why can't they book the violators on their own? It's their duty to protect the citizens from any violations,\" Almeida said.\"There is nothing personal or political, the fight is to have peace in Anjuna so that elders and the students can have peaceful sleep and the working community have a peaceful night after a long day of work,\" he said.SP Singh said that he will ask the Mapusa DySP to look into the matter and solve the problems faced by the locals.Partying is part of a tourist destination, but it is important that it is regulated. The authorities have looked the other way as far as rave parties are concerned. Most raves happen with the knowledge of beat policemen, who behave as if they do not know about it. A regulation should be brought in to punish policemen if there is a rave party in their jurisdiction, as a deterrent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17724233", "title": "318 kids with heart disease selected for treatment", "text": "GUWAHATI: A total of 318 children diagnosed with congenital heart disease were selected at a screening camp held in Gauhati Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) to undergo surgery. These children will be sent to the Rabindranath Tagore International Institute of Cardiac Sciences, Kolkata and Narayana Hrudayalaya, Bangalore soon.Screening camps were also held in Assam Medical College and Hospital (AMCH) and Silchar Medical College and Hospital (SMCH). Altogether, 701 children attended the screening camps, out of which, 318 were selected for surgery, 125 for medical treatment and 258 for post-operative treatment check-up.The children selected at the screening camps will undergo surgeries under the state government's initiative to provide free treatment to children with congenital heart disease.GMCH superintendent Ramen Talukdar said, \"Children below 14 years were screened during the camps. Children from upper Assam were screened at the camp held in AMCH, Dibrugarh while children from Barak Valley were screened at the camp held in SMCH, Silchar. The GMCH paediatric department screened several children from the city and also from various districts of lower Assam.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17726676", "title": "Union govt plans uniform coal supply", "text": "KOLKATA: With the Indian government's allocation of coal blocks having courted controversy in the recent past, Union coal minister Sriprakash Jaiswal on Saturday said there would be a single fuel supply agreement (FSA) draft for both public and private power utilities and it would be signed within a month.\"Now there will be only one single FSA for both private and public parties...power companies have agreed to sign it within a month,\" Jaiswal told reporters on the sidelines of a seminar 'World Confluence on Human Power and Spirituality' that was organized by SREI Foundation in the city.Earlier, there were minor differences in the draft clauses for public and private power companies such as security deposit and provision for arbitration clauses. Some big power utilities like NTPC and DVC were initially not willing to sign the draft FSA of Coal India which they said was one sided. However, later both the power utilities agreed to sign the FSA.The draft for PSUs allows them to go for arbitration in case of disputes and there were some relaxations with regard to security deposit. Jaiswal, however, did not mention which FSA agreement would be finally applicable. Private companies had sometime ago accused Coal India of drafting the power supply document in favour of public power companies. But Coal India Ltd maintained that there was no such discrimination.Jaiswal also said that the group of ministers would meet in the next few days to finalize the draft of the coal regulator bill. He, however, said that no decision has been taken yet regarding price pooling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17724403", "title": "Commercial taxes department rushes to meet target", "text": "BOKARO: The district circle of the commercial taxes department, in a rush to meet a target of Rs 428.93 crore revenue collection, is conducting frequent raids on business establishments in the city.Officials in the department are busy preparing the list of defaulters. A six-member team of the department's investigation bureau, headed by joint commissioner of Dhanbad division Ramji Prasad, has already visited two companies, Hanuman Alloys and a timber seasoning plant in the Balidih Industrial Area in Bokaro district.The members also included assistant commissioners Saday Kumar and Vinay Kumar Sinha, and commercial tax officials Nishit Ashk and S L Mehra.\"The inspection continued for more than five hours at individual companies. The team found that materials stored in these companies were under-stock against entries in the registers,\" said Sheo Sahay Singh, head of the department's Bokaro circle.Hanuman Alloys and the timber seasoning plant were made to cough up Rs 3.5 lakh and Rs 1.36 lakh, respectively. \"Both the company owners have also been directed to pay the penalty,\" said Singh.The Bokaro circle has been given a revenue collection target of Rs 428.93 crore for the financial year 2012-13, which is 22 per cent more than the Rs 350-crore collected in 2011-12.However, tax collection this year is already more than last financial year's. Ashok said by November 2011, they had collected Rs 145 crore. But this year their revenue collection till November was Rs 179.65 crore, an increase of 26.29 per cent. However, they have achieved 98 per cent of the Rs 183.33-crore target in November. by achieving Rs 179.65 crore against the given target of Rs 183.33 crore.The department has also surveyed all banquet and marriage halls in the town and asked them to pay luxury taxes by getting registered as soon as possible. Meanwhile, establishments which are using generators of more than 5 KVA have been asked to pay electricity duty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17724947", "title": "Factory worker confined, raped by brother in-law", "text": "BHOPAL: A 20-year-old woman was allegedly confined and repeatedly raped by her husband's brother for over a month in Kolar area. The police have registered a case in the incident on Saturday.The woman, who works in a factory in Mandideep, is a hostel inmate. The police said the victim was waiting at a bus stop in Mandideep to visit a doctor on November 9 when accused Rustam Ali reached there and brought her to Bhopal.Ali took her to his house in Gehukheda in Kolar here and locked her in a room. The accused kept on raping the victim for over a month until she anyhow called her father, who rescued her.Police said accused also made her sign a few documents pertaining to their marriage. Besides Ali, one of his relatives Munna Ali has also been made an accused in the case. He used to keep a vigil in the house where woman was locked when the prime accused Rustam Ali would move out, the police added.The accused is the brother of victim's husband, Ashraf Ali with whom she got married around two years ago. Victim's husband had left her after which she started residing in a hostel in Mandideep and worked in a factory there. The woman also has kid who lives with her husband, the police added.Both the accused had gone missing and efforts were being made to nab them, the police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17727049", "title": "Army officials nab tout", "text": "NAGPUR: A person suspected to be a tout, who was trying to con candidates turning up for army recruitment, was detained by the officials of the army recruitment office (ARO) here. He was later handed over to the police.Colonel MS Bains, the commanding officer of the ARO, said the person was found loitering at the ARO premises in a jacket with the Indian Army logo, which aroused suspicion. \"When apprehended, a fake identity card with his photograph in military uniform was found,\" said Colonel Bains.Identified as Sandeep Mistry from Dhule, the 'tout' claimed that he had accompanied his nephew who had come for the medical tests after the recruitment rally. \"However, when he called his so-called nephew, the candidate who turned up said Mistry was not his relative. Rather, the candidate said Mistry had promised him to get a job in the army if he paid him Rs1.50 lakh,\" added Bains.Bains said this is a common modus operandi. \"The touts claim they can get the boys selected and demand money for the job. The amount is refunded if the person is rejected. In fact, they just take a chance. If the candidate gets selected in the normal course, the touts pocket the money,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17726399", "title": "Organizational issues mar Kochi film fest", "text": "KOCHI: The first edition of Kochi International Film Festival (KIFF), which ends on Sunday, evoked mixed feelings of celebration and concern. On the brighter side, the event has added Kochi to the list of global film festival venues. The presence of the acclaimed Iranian director Mohsen Makhmalbaf and his family members as well as the Israeli filmmaker Dan Wolman ensured some international attention for the festival. But many film buffs in the city and other parts of the state felt that the festival can scale greater heights if it addresses a host of organisational issues.Festival organizers had initially promised a seven-day event that would screen 150 films in six theatres. But the festival was confined to four theatres and screening could be held only for four-days and only 64 films were screened. Twelve films, which had arrived in digibeta (digital betacam) format, could not be screened due to lack of facilities. Government agencies blamed festival director Raveendhar for the problem. But he replied that the films could have been screened if digibeta players were taken on rent at Rs 8,000 a day.There are also criticisms that the festival had failed in the fundamental objective of showcasing many films released in 2012 and 2011. There were also complaints of poor quality projection of the DVDs. The unavailability of a festival booklet frustrated film buffs as they were unable to know the details on the films being screened.However the open forums arranged as part of the festivals were refreshing for the participation and the mature level of discussions.According to Raveendhar the festival would have cost the state exchequer Rs 50 lakhs, and out of this nearly Rs 16 lakh was spent on travel expenditures and another Rs 16 lakh to arrange films. He said about 1,500 delegate passes were issued and the theatres had an occupancy level of 60% to 70%. However, theatre owners said the average occupancy was less than 50%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17725901", "title": "Government cancer hospital gets Rs 3.97cr", "text": "AURANGABAD: The dean of the Government Medical College and Hospital K S Bhopale has said that the state government has sanctioned Rs 3.97 crore for the Government Cancer Hospital during the recent winter sessions held in Nagpur.According to him, Rs 3.82 crore has been sanctioned making provisions for the salary of the hospital's employees and Rs 15 lakh for the office expenses.The state-of-art cancer hospital which started its much-awaited in-patient department (IPD) in the first week of December was facing a staff crunch. The 100-bed government hospital armed with advanced modes of treatment, in the state has 10 ICU units, four wards with 25 beds each, eight operation theatres and eight clinical department experts.\"The hospital which was inaugurated in October could not start the IPD due to vacant posts of class IV employees. Now, as we have outsourced the contract. Nearly 50 class IV staff will be working with us from the first week of December,\" said the officer on special duty, cancer hospital, Arvind Gaikwad.With release of some funds the hospital has got a breather for at least six months. When asked if any funds have been sanction for the GMCH he said, \"Budgetary provisions are made for GMCH in March. This time a separate budget provision will alos be made to the Cancer Hospital. We have made a proposal for sanction of vertical expansion of GMCH building. We have demanded to sanction construction of a separate new building consisting about five to six floors.\"\"This vertical expansion is the need of the hour considering the increasing number of patients every year. This year there is a threefold rise in the number of patients. And admissions of patients have increased. Looking at the city's growing population the government should give the proposal a thought,\" he said. \"We have also sent a proposal to make more provisions for the material and supply considering the increase in number of patients,\" he added.While speaking about the recruitment of 34 house officers he said, \"We have filled 34 posts of the 51 vacant posts of house officers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17725698", "title": "Delhi gang rape: Students in Haryana and Punjab demand harshest punishment for accused", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Demanding harshest possible punishment for the Delhi gang rape accused, students of various colleges and universities in Haryana and Punjab held demonstrations on Saturday.Over 100 girl students took out a march in Barnala and demanded safety and security for women in the country.In Hisar and Sirsa, university as well as college students held demonstrations and handed over memorandums to the local administrations.Citizens in various parts of both the states also lit candles for the fast recovery of the victim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17720196", "title": "Sachin Tendulkar visits urban design lab in city", "text": "Who knew the Master Blaster had a thing for urban design? On Friday, Sachin Tendulkar gave schoolchildren in Mumbai a surprise when he visited the BMW Guggenheim Lab while they were there.It is a mobile laboratory travelling around the world to inspire innovative ideas for urban design and new ways of thinking about urban life.Sachin was paying a special visit to the global initiative's main site at the Dr Bhau Daji Lad Museum for a conversation about growing up in the city. Mumbai is the third stopover for the Lab after New York and Berlin.The ongoing programme in the city will go on till January 20, Thursday through Monday between 3 and 9pm. Additionally, nearly half of the public programmes are being held at a network of satellite locations throughout the city.It offers free public programmes and projects under the theme ME=WE - a balance between the individual (ME) and the community (WE).The programmes will explore challenges and opportunities related to public space and the choices Mumbaikars make to balance individual and community needs.There will be design projects, participatory studies, tours, talks, workshops, film screenings and cultural activities. It will also address issues related to transportation, housing, water, and governance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17725566", "title": "Jaipur too swarmed by protesters", "text": "JAIPUR: If it was a day of mass protest in New Delhi, so was it in Jaipur. Several socio-political groups were on the streets of Pink City seeking justice to the gangrape victim in Delhi. Since afternoon, these groups registered their protest by gathering at Gandhi Circle, Amar Jawan Jyoti and Statue Circle and sought a stricter law against rape.Nearly 250 students from Kanodia Girls College held a peaceful dharna at Gandhi Circle. They were holding placards reading 'Hang the culprits' 'stop crime against us.' \"Hanging them is less punishment. They should me made impotent and let them live would be a biggest punishment for them,\" said Shubra Sharma, a student.The Kanya Vedic Students displayed their anger by holding swords in their hands while staging demonstration. \"Lets not forget that our Goddesses Maa Kali, Maa Chandi, Maa Durga to name a few, have killed evil characters to save humanity. We warn these unscrupulous elements not to challenge our modesty, else they will be eliminated,\" said an angry Kulprit Kaur.Rajasthan University did not lag behind in holding a protest against the atrocities on women. They organized a signature campaign to mobilize students and to press the demand for making stringent law for rapists. \"Everybody has to think how we can make the society women-friendly. Though we don't have answers to many questions, my firm belief is that every family holds this responsibility to educate their wards to respect girls/women,\" said Rajesh Meena, president of RU Students Union.The most interesting part of these rallies and demonstrations were that they were not lead by some leaders/groups. \"I just feel like doing something against this crime. Being an ordinary citizen, I can only be part of this rally to express my anger,\" said Ankit Goyal, who joined a rally voluntarily, after he saw them at Statue Circle while going to meet a relative. Evening drew more protesters from all sections of life. Many came with families holding the national flag and joined the groups. They opined that the battle against rapists is bigger than fighting corruption. Such a heinous crime is being committed and yet no effective policy is in place to protect women. Barring the traffic jam at Statue circle in the evening, the day passed off peacefully.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17725615", "title": "Mega blocks on Central Railway, Western Railway today", "text": "Harbour line services between Panvel/Belapur/Vashi and CST in Up and Down direction will be suspended on Sunday from 10.20am to 3.37pm. On CR, Down fast line services leaving CST from 10.08am to 2.51pm will be diverted on Down slow line between Thane and Kalyan.On WR, there will be a block between Borivli and Goregaon from 10.35am to 3.35pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17725525", "title": "Justice is slow for women in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: At a time when the nation is up in arms over the Delhi gangrape and wants speedy justice, government data shows that pendency of cases of crime against women is among the highest in the national capital. Delhi fares worse than UP, Bihar and Jharkhand \u00e2\u20ac\u201d states not particularly seen as good with law and order or speedy justice.Delhi has a pendency rate of 86.4% \u00e2\u20ac\u201d far higher than UP and Jharkhand, where the pendency is around 70%. Even Bihar has a pendency rate of 81.9%. Delhi's pendency rate is higher than the national average that stands at 85%.Even Haryana, often in the news for atrocities on women, does better than Delhi with 76.55% as the pendency rate.It was only after the gruesome gangrape that the Delhi government wrote to the High Court to set up five fast track courts, the proposal for which was passed in October.According to the home ministry data, in 2011 there were 736,385 pending cases of crime against women and 864,268 that went for trial across the country. Of these, 14,443 cases went for trial in Delhi, but the proceedings could be completed only in 1,964 cases.Compared to this, 61,882 cases of crime against women were tried in UP, of which 469 were withdrawn while trial was completed in 17,007 cases taking its rate of trial completion to 27.5% higher than Delhi's 13.6%. UP's pendency rate stood at 71.7 %.In Jharkhand, 7,861 cases went for trial, while 5,838 remained pending last year. In Bihar, 32,086 cases went for trial of which 26,281 are still pending. Rate of trial completion in both these states stood at 24.7 % and 16.3% \u00e2\u20ac\u201d again higher than Delhi.The only states (those with large population and having significant number of cases) to have poorer pendency rate than Delhi were Maharashtra, Gujarat and West Bengal. Pendency rate in these states for cases of crime against women stood at 91.5%, 93.6% and 96.36%, respectively.Andhra Pradesh fared the best with a pendency rate of 70.69%, and Madhya Pradesh coming a close third (72.27%) after UP.In the past three years (2009-2011) Delhi has made little progress on this front, with its pendency rate for 2009 at 88.2% and 86.8% (2010). UP has consistently improved its tally \u00e2\u20ac\u201d from 75.25% (2009) to 71.75% (2011).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17725251", "title": "Power woes continue", "text": "GURGAON: After spending the summer without power, Gurgaonites are now finding winter equally tormenting because of frequent power cuts. According to residents, the winter has been the worst in terms of power supply in Gurgaon. \"The situation %is really bad. For the past 10 days, we have been suffering from acute power crisis ranging from 6-8 hours per day,\" Bhawani Tripathy, a resident of %Sector 23 A.The frequent power cuts in Gurgaon in the past once week have left residents fuming as the irregular power supply is now leading to a water crisis in many HUDA sectors. \"Power goes off every day 90 minutes in the morning and 70 minutes in the evening. What makes it worse is that there is no one who can inform us on power cut schedules,\" said T N Kaul, RWA president of Ardee City.Dakshin Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam (DHBVN) officials blamed technical faults in power plants for the crisis. \"The power supply was affected by technical snags that occurred in thermal power plants recently,\" said a DHBVN official. In winter the power demand of the city plummets considerably but this year, the power situation has become abysmal. \"Frequent and long power cuts are very irritating and it seems like we are detached from the outside world since there is no power back-up, no television, just darkness,\" said Meenu Singh, a resident of Sector 5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17726865", "title": "Haze paralyses train movement", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The movement of trains running on the New Delhi-Howrah railway route was severely paralyzed due to foggy weather on Saturday, with several trains running five to ten hours behind schedule.Train number 14083 Mahananda Express whose arrival time at Allahabad junction is 6:30 am was running late by about 10 hours. Train number 14056 Brahmaputra Mail whose normal arrival train is 5:20 am was running late by about 8 hours. Train number 13112 Lal Quila Express running in the down direction was delayed by about 7 hours. Train number 12428 Anand Vihar-Rewa Express was delayed by 10 hours.Train number 22406 Anand Vihar-Bhagalpur Gharib Rath was delayed by about 11 hours and reached Allahabad junction at around 11am in the morning though its normal arrival time is 12:15am. Sharing his experience of the agonizing wait in the chilly weather, a passenger Mohd Ishrat Husain said, \"I have to travel to participate in a marriage ceremony at Patna. I thought I would reach the destination in the morning and participate in the marriage ceremony during the evening. However, the train came at about 11 am, and not it wont be possible for me to participate in the marriage ceremony.\" Another passenger Ankita Jaiswal said, \"I had to wait endlessly for the train on the platform braving the cold weather.\"Train number 13111 Lal Quila Express whose normal arrival time is about 3pm was running late by about 6 hours. Even Prayag Raj Express whose normal arrival time is about 6:50 am was delayed by about five hours and 30 minutes and reached Allahabad junction at about 1pm. Train number 14164 Sangam Express was delayed by about 6 hours and chugged into Allahabad junction at about 2:55 pm.Train number 13007 Toofan Express arrived at Allahabad junction at about 2:15 pm, delayed by about 10 hours while train number 13201 Kurla-Rajendranagar arrived at Allahabad junction at about 3:00 pm, being delayed by about 6 hours and 30 minutes. Train number 3040 Janta Express was running late by about 10 hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17726739", "title": "No change in Modi visa policy: US", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Observing that Gujarat remains an important state for its investment, the United States on Saturday, said it would continue to engage with the state across a broad range of issues including trade, investment, university linkages and peopleto-people exchanges.However, it refrained from making any comment on the Assembly elections in the state, terming it domestic Indian politics, and also on the issue of a visa to chief minister Narendra Modi , saying there has been no change on its policy in this regard.\"Gujarat remains an important state for American investment, and has shown itself to be a very welcoming environment where American businesses flourish,\" a State Department spokesperson said. \"We continue to promote and encourage investment there, and we continue to engage with Gujarat across a broad range of issues: trade, investment, energy, university linkages, and people-to-people exchanges,\" the spokesperson said.Describing it as a matter of \"domestic Indian politics\" the spokesperson refused to entertain any question on the just concluded Assembly elections in Gujarat.Next month, a large American delegation led by US India Business Council (USIBC) is travelling to Ahmedabad to attend the \"Vibrant Gujarat\" summit. The delegation is likely to meet the chief minister. Meanwhile, prominent American newspapers reported results of the Gujarat Assembly elections, something rarely done by US dailies.\"Modi wins 3rd term as state leader, setting stage for prime ministerial bid\" headlined The Washington Post article. The paper said that by this win Modi bolstered his chances of leading the country's main opposition party in the national elections scheduled for 2014.\"Hailed for his pro-business image and for successfully inviting global corporations such as General Motors and Ford to set up large factories in Gujarat, in western India, Modi has delivered impressive economic growth in the state, averaging about 10% a year. He has never faced allegations of corruption, a rarity among Indian politicians,\" the daily reported.\"Resounding Victory in Indian Vote Nudges Polarizing Figure Closer to a Larger Race,\" said the headline of the article in The New York Times.\"The polarizing leader of the western state of Gujarat, Narendra Modi, inched closer to becoming the leading political challenger to India's dominant Gandhi family by winning a resounding re-election as chief minister,\" it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17724428", "title": "Jharkhand village mob lynches 5 including rape accused for molesting girls", "text": "RANCHI: Four youths in the age group of 17-22 and a middle-aged man were lynched by an irate mob, which also including women, in Jharkhand's Khunti district early on Saturday. One of the victims, who was in jail in connection with a rape case, was released on bail only three months back. The incident comes even as there is a clamour across the country for awarding death sentence to rapists in wake of the gang-rape of a 23-year-old paramedical student in Delhi last week.Police said those killed would often go around Manho village teasing girls and women, misbehave with them and also steal cattle and fowl of the villagers which had angered the latter. IG (special branch) S N Pradhan, who is also the Jharkhand Police spokespersons, said: \"The deceased used to frequently tease girls and women of Manho village. The police has information that the women were angry about it and on Saturday they gave vent to their pent up anger by beating them up with canes and pelting them with stones which resulted in their death.\"Giving details of the incident, Khunti SP Amarnath Mishra said that on Saturday morning the deceased had taken an earth moving machine to dig out stones from a plot of land which they neither owned nor had leased. This angered the villagers even further.\"A group of 100 villagers, armed with traditional bows and arrows and canes, encircled the youths where they were digging out the stones and started beating them up with canes and pelted them with stones when they tried to flee. All were critically injured and succumbed to their injuries on the spot,\" the SP said.Surprisingly, in the afternoon a group of 35 to 40 undaunted women and men from the mob virtually laid siege to the Khunti police station and took responsibility for incident.The deceased have been identified as Pappu Prasad (20), Jitendra Prasad (19), Mahendra Prasad (40) and Ram Nayak (17). All four hailed from Manho village. The fifth victim, Suraj Mahto (22), was from the neighbouring village of Rewa. \"The mob comprised mainly men and women from Manho village,\" said Khunti police station officer in-charge Taleshwar Ram.DIG (Ranchi range) Sheetal Oraon, who visited the spot in the afternoon, said: \"Pappu, Jitendra and Mahendra had been teasing girls and women in the village since a long time. Moreover, the mining of stones on that particular plot of land had been going on for a long time. Thus it does not seem to be the main reason behind the 'sendra' (lynching).\" He said only further investigation would reveal the actual cause of the killing.Police is yet to lodge an FIR in this connection till the filing of this report.Local police said the deceased had been carrying out stone mining activity at the place of occurrence for the past couple of days. The nearby fields (from the place of occurrence) were used by women for defecation. Sources said Manho villagers had organized a meeting prior to the 'sendra' on Saturday where they appeared determined to kill them. The gram pradhan of Manho village could not be reached for his comments despite repeated attempts.A police officer quoted Nehru Mahto, father of deceased Suraj Mahto, as saying: \"My son has been made a victim under false charges.\" An FIR has not been lodged in this connection yet.Around 30 persons have been taken into custody so far, police said. The bodies, meanwhile, have been sent for post-mortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "17725878", "title": "Taliban blast kills provincial minister in Pakistan", "text": "ISLAMABAD: At least nine people, including a senior minister of Pakistan's Khyber Pakhtunkhwa (KPK) province, were killed and over 20 injured when a Taliban suicide bomber blew himself up in the country's northwestern city of Peshawar on Saturday.Bashir Ahmed Bilour of Awami National Party (ANP) was targeted as he concluded a meeting with his party's workers at Daki Nalbandi area of Peshawar's Qissa Khwani bazaar. \"As the meeting came to end, Bilour was coming out with his security personnel. The suicide bomber got close to him and detonated the explosives strapped to his body,\" said Zafarullah, an eyewitness. The blast critically wounded Bilour with injuries to chest and stomach.He later passed away at the city's Lady Reading hospital. \"The doctors tried to save him. However, he succumbed to his wounds,\" said Mian Iftikhar Hussain, information minister of KPK. \"Bilour used to receive three-four threats from militants daily. He sacrificed himself for the country. Such attacks cannot stop us from speaking the truth. We will continue to fight the terrorists as long as we are alive,\" Hussain said.Bilour was also provincial president of ANP, which holds power in KPK province and is also part of the federal coalition. His elder brother Ghulam Ahmed Bilour is federal minister for railways.Bilour's personal secretary Noor Muhammad and a senior police official Sattar khan were also among the dead. Officials of the bomb disposal squad said that 4-5kg of explosives were used.Pakistani Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack. \"We sent the suicide bomber to kill the senior minister,\" said Ihsanullah Ihsan, Pakistani Taliban spokesman. Bilour frequently spoke against the them and was on their hit list. This was the third time Bilour had been targeted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17729321", "title": "Will marry after Jodhpur &amp; Mumbai court verdicts: Salman", "text": "Superstar Salman Khan has finally put to rest questions pertaining to his marriage, saying he will think about tying the knot only after the verdicts of Jodhpur and Mumbai courts in the blackbuck and vehicle mishap cases against him.The 46-year-old actor, who is always hounded with questions about his never ending bachelorhood, has been linked to a number of women in his career but is said to be single post his alleged split with actress Katrina Kaif .\"I will think about marrying only after the courts give their verdicts. If the verdicts go against me , I will marry only after coming out of jail,\" the actor told Rajat Sharma during India TV's show ' Aap Ki Adalat' .Salman is fighting a case in Jodhpur court in the killing of a blackbuck during the shooting of ' Hum Saath Saath Hain ' in 1999 and another in Mumbai court for the vehicle mishap incident in 2002, which resulted in the death of a person.\"I hope to be acquitted in both cases, but if I marry before the verdicts, will it be fair? Suppose, if there is a turn of events and I am sent to jail, and my wife has to come with our child to meet me in jail. Will it be fair?,\" joked the actor.Salman, who has delivered back to back hits, is often called 'critic-proof' thanks to the box office performances of his films, latest being 'Dabangg 2'.But the actor has been advised by the doctors to avoid doing action sequences because of his trigeminal neuralgia condition, for which he underwent an operation last year.Speaking at length about the blood clot in his brain, Salman said, \"There are two options. If there is a surgery there could be loss of sight and loss of balance. The surgery could then prove negative. I have chosen the other option. I admit there is a problem, but everything will be fine. Doctors have advised me not to do action sequences and avoid anger to keep my BP in check.\"But if I am totally unable to do action sequences, then I will stop doing films. After all, the audience pays money to watch my action,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17725015", "title": "I won't vanish without a fight, they will have to pay, Delhi gang-rape victim says", "text": "NEW DELHI: Nirbhaya, as TOI has symbolically named the victim, has expressed through muffled speech and hand gestures that she wants to take the fight back to the men who raped her.On Saturday, she narrated the 40-minute ordeal that changed her life to the SDM at her ICU ward at Safdarjung Hospital. Her statement was recorded under Section 164 of CrPC and will be admissible in court.The questions came to her in an objective format, but wherever more information was necessary, Nirbhaya made the extra effort to fill in the blanks. She said she even remembered the names of the men. She also requested the cops to ensure the men got the harshest punishment. Police sources said that though they are \"yet to get the entire statement as it is sealed and kept with the SDM\", they have figured out the chain of events from the victim.An officer was asked to prepare a questionnaire and the questions were put to the victim one by one. The questions were mostly in the form of 'yes' or 'no' and the victim answered by nodding her head or scribbling 'yes' or 'no'. The cops had initially decided they would ascertain the names of the places by allowing her answer in an objective form, where she will just point out the correct names (of accused and places) from the list shown to her.The woman told cops that she and her friend were waiting at the Munirka bus stop around 9.30pm when the white bus stopped in front of them and a boy enticed them to board it claiming that the bus was going to Palam.However, four minutes into the ill-fated journey, the girl smelled something amiss when the bus continued travelling straight from Malai Mandir instead of turning right as all DTC buses do. Subsequently, the minor also shut the only door of the bus. This was the first time the girl's male friend - an IT professional preparing for the civil services examination - protested and was immediately countered by the main accused Ram Singh.Ram began passing comments as to how the two of them were out there even at night. Disturbed, her male friend protested again. This resulted in a scuffle between the two. During this exchange, Akshay, the cleaner and the minor held Nirbhaya back and took her towards the rear end of the bus. Ram Singh hit her friend with a rod and he collapsed. She thought he had lost consciousness. Singh then went to the rear end of the bus and then raped her first. All the while, the others played a proactive role in the crime - especially the minor and Akshay \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and they took turns to rape her. In the end, Singh took the driver's seat asking his brother Mukesh to go and rape the woman.Nirbhaya narrated to the SDM that all the while they kept threatening her that they would throw her out of the moving bus. Initially, the accused tried to throw out her friend, too, but failed as he put up a fight.The woman is believed to have told the cops that towards the end she was barely conscious and was not aware who planned and finally threw them out of the bus at Mahipalpur.Sources said that statement matches everything her friend had told cops earlier. \"Her statements are valid in court as we recorded it before an SDM. She was bold enough to complete the entire process. On Thursday, I had met her parents and they told me their daughter was ready to help us. When I met her initially, she even tried to speak to me. I had to stop her and tell her that she had to actually speak to the SDM. Her enthusiasm has touched all of us and she is eager to seek justice,\" said DCP (south) Chhaya Sharma.There were also unconfirmed reports late on Saturday that Nirbhaya's friend has been allowed to meet her as doctors believe this might help her recover. He has already met her twice, a source said.Police said that since they have got three-day custody of Mukesh, they will try and arrange for the second identification parade of the accused by Ramadhar Singh, who was first looted at RK Puram and dumped at IIT before the accused drove the bus to Munirka. \"We all wish that the girl recovers first and when doctors will permit, we will carry a TIP of the accused by the woman too,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17724433", "title": "Students felicitated in smartest mind competition", "text": "KANPUR: Ashok Chaturvedi of UP Kirana School was felicitated by chief guest, Pranveer Singh with the title of the smartest mind-2012 and a cash reward of Rs 31,000 in a function organized by the Pranveer Singh Institue of Technology on Saturday.The chairman also awarded second prize of Rs 21000 to Ashish Kumar of BNSD Shiksha Niketan for securing second place in smartest mind competition. Third prize was received by Shivam Mishra of UP Kirana School.He received a cash prize of Rs 15,000. The institute honoured as many as 50 students with a cash prize of Rs 5,000 each.The institute felicitated 153 students with cash prizes and certificate of merit to various schools. Director, AK Saxena stated that such functions would be organized by the institute in future too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17724399", "title": "No safety even during day", "text": "RANCHI: Lewd comments, indecent gestures and vulgar acts, Ranchi women have faced instances of sexual harassment even during the day. With the immolation of a girl after being repeatedly harassed by a group of boys on her way back from school, it is proved that women in Ranchi are not safe at any hour of the day.Be it deserted roads or crowded market places, almost every woman in Ranchi becomes a victim of sexual harassment. Teasing is common in places near colleges and coaching centres.The most vulnerable places include Purulia Road where St Xavier's College and Xavier Institute of Social Services are located and Ranchi Women's College and Hari Om Towers Complex on Circular Road.Priyanka Singh, a student of B Com at Ranchi Women's College, said, \"Boys stand on the roadside throughout the day and pass vulgar comments at every girl passing by. I have faced it many a times and we can do nothing except for looking down and walking past them as fast as possible.\"Similar is the situation at Purulia Road. Sangita Kumari, a student of St Xavier's College, said, \"There is a betel shop in a bylane near the college where not just college but even school boys stand, smoke and pass lewd comments at girls. At times, when my friends and I walk down the road, some boys deliberately come and hit on us. When we react they shout at us as if we are at fault.\"Incidents of sexual harassment have gone up so much that many parents are seen escorting their daughters to colleges and coaching centres.One such worried parent, Kavita Pandey, said, \"My daughter attends coaching classes at Hari Om Towers and she has been complaining about teasing for the past two months. So I have started escorting her to the coaching class and back home.\"The degree of sexual harassment varies from a crowded to an empty street.While in a jam-packed place some vulgar comments are passed, on deserted roads teasers and molesters attack physically.Akansha Mishra (name changed), a victim of sexual harassment, said, \"I was on my way home to Harmu Housing Colony around 2 pm when suddenly two boys riding a bike slowed down and started following me, passing obscene comments. When I increased my pace they started tugging at my duppatta and pulling my hand. I managed to run and get into a nearby house and they fled.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17725896", "title": "Poor local body tax collection puts pressure on civic body", "text": "AURANGABAD: The falling figures of local body tax (LBT) collection has put pressure on the tax collectors. Looking at the below average LTB in November 2012, the Aurangabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) has decided to hold meeting of joint redressal committee every month. Till now, the committee comprising representatives of trade and industry and corporation officials, used to meet once in three months. However, it was decided that there will be at least three meeting before the end of the current financial year.In charge of LBT and deputy commissioner Ayub Khan said despite the festive season, the corporation had collected only Rs 16.50 crore in November. The collection was low compared to the expected figure of Rs 20 crore for the period. During the festival season, when the trading activities are at its peak, the corporation expected more LBT.Commenting on the unsatisfactory collection of LBT, Khan said more than 25% of traders were still paying LBT after the scheduled date of payment. \"By 10th of every month the traders are expected to pay the tax but 25% cross the date and pay it till 25th. The delay in payment makes the process complicated and time consuming for the corporation,\" he said.The corporation charges penalty of 2% on LBT paid after the due date but the department, which is operating with less manpower, finds calculation of penalty time consuming. Khan further said the corporation called a meeting on Friday to listen to the grievances of the traders and motivate them to pay taxes at the earliest possible time.President of Aurangabad Jilha Vyapari Mahasangh, Adeshpal Singh Chhabda said as a responsible citizens, all the traders were committed to pay the tax, however, the system was new to the traders and the corporation and thus it would take some time to streamline.The committee comprising five members from trade and industry, one each from Chamber of Marathawada Industries and Agriculture and Marathwada Association of Small Scale Industries and Agriculture (MASSIA) and representatives of Aurangabad Municipal Corporation mainly focuses on streamlining the process of LBT. Municipal commissioner is the chairman of the committee.Recently, the Aurangabad Bench of Bombay High Court had ordered the power franchise GTL Limited to pay Rs 1.25 crore to AMC on account of the outstanding payment of LBT payable to the civic body. The franchise had not paid the outstanding due of LBT for the past nine months. GTL has been appointed by MSEDCL as a distribution franchise in the city of Aurangabad for 15 years.The corporation had set a target of Rs 230 crore for 2012-13 but by the end of November 2012, it has collected only Rs 116 crore. And with remaining four months, achieving the target appeares next to impossible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17726278", "title": "Complaints against men and beggars keep railway helpline busy", "text": "PUNE: The helpline for women commuters introduced by the railway authorities here receives around 10 to 12 complaints every month. The most common complaints are about men and beggars travelling illegally in compartments reserved for women.The central railway introduced the 24X7 helpline about three years ago to make daily commutes of women passengers safe and secure. Authorities here said that most complaints have come from women commuters who travel in local trains on the Pune-Lonavla route and those who travel in Mumbai bound trains.\"We generally receive complaints if men, beggars or eunuchs step in the ladies'/women compartment in local trains. Women call on the dedicated mobile number---9503013705---to register their complaints. Once the complaint is received, we immediately ask the on-duty railway police force (RPF) staff to attend to the coach at the immediate next station and try to track down the persons involved in creating nuisance in the ladies compartment,\" said an RPF official.An official pointed out that apart from men entering the ladies' compartments, the helpline also receives complaints about touting and passing of comments by young men when the train is passing through a station. However, the percentage of such complaints is very low, said an official.The RPF has deployed its staff at all prominent stations on the Pune-Lonavla section. Besides, the staff has been asked to travel in local trains during rush hours to avoid incidents of teasing women commuters.\"College boys pass remarks and taunt women at stations. Eunuchs often enter ladies' compartments and demand money,\" said Pinki Shah, a regular commuter on the Pune-Lonavla stretch. Shah said that the police and RPF should deploy women constables in the ladies' compartments during night hours to restrict entry of beggars and men.Dnyanada Nilekar, who often travels on Mumbai-bound trains said, \"As the general compartments always remain overcrowded, additional ladies' compartments are a must at least on Pune-Mumbai track.\"An official from Pune railway division said that there was a plan to form a squad that would make continuous rounds of Pune-Lonavla and Pune-Daund sections during rush hours. He added that additional RPF personnel would be deployed at stations that will register more complaints of teasing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17724984", "title": "Leopard found dead in Panna reserve", "text": "BHOPAL: A male leopard of one-and-a-half-years of age was found dead under mysterious circumstances at Umravan area of Panna Tiger Reserve (PTR) on Saturday.The spot where it was found is close to the farm land of Bacchi Madiyan, said PTR officials. Wounds were found on the animal's body, but its skin, nails and other parts were intact. Samples have been collected and sent to the forensic laboratory in Sagar to ascertain its actual cause of death. Officials said that there was no specific evidence of any poaching attempt in this case.Last month, a leopard was found dead at Karmajhiri range of Pench National Park in Seoni district. Another leopard was run over by a speeding truck on Maiher Road near Bandhavgarh Tiger Reserve on Saturday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17724993", "title": "Students turn hostile, run riot", "text": "LUCKNOW: Students ran riot in Dandaiya market, Kursi road, on Saturday noon. A miffed group of students from Hewett polytechnic clashed with shopkeepers and pelted stones on motor vehicles and shops in the market around 1pm on Saturday.About 100 to 150 students assaulted several shopkeepers and ransacked around 15 shops, but no loot or theft was reported by shopkeepers, confirmed the police. Principal of the polytechnic U C Bajpai told TOI that during the annual sports meet on Saturday, senior students of the institute were angry over college management not letting them sit with the first-year students. The college authorities had made separate seating arrangements for first-year students as they were threatened by senior students of dire consequences some days back on the occasion of annual sports meet.Campus of the polytechnic located near Rahimnagar crossing has two hostels, named senior hostel and junior hostel and first year students often face the ire of seniors putting up with them. Few days back an argument took place between group of juniors and seniors, which led to Saturday's incident, confirmed sources. The institute that runs four separate courses has strength of 1,250 students.The seniors did not like college authorities coming forward to rescue first year students and went on the rampage. The violent students boycotted the sports meet and decided to run riot outside the college when they understood that reaching the juniors was not easy.They reached the market and warned shopkeepers to pull up close down or face their wrath. While some managed to wrap up, some did not and faced the music. \"We had been targeted by students of the institute more than five years back. Students had even stolen some of the stuff at that time,\" said Siraj Ahmed, a key functionary of the local shopkeepers' union body at Dandaiya market. The students also broke the window panes of vehicles parked opposite the market.Police were informed and they dispersed the violent youths. Till late Saturday night police were able to get hold of students responsible for the Saturday incident. Bajpai said after the three-day sports meet, he will hold an inquiry and take stern action against the offenders. \"We will suspend students who were at the forefront on Saturday till they give us in writing that such incident will not be repeated,\" said Bajpai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17726623", "title": "Dying, decoded", "text": "Dr Amitava Mookherjee is a Kolkata-based eye surgeon who has dabbled in various alternative therapies like past life regression and neuro linguistic programming which, he says, helped him experience different forms of healing. A few months back, he extended his repertoire of alternative experiences to include a workshop on death and dying. Mookherjee flew down to Delhi to participate in the two-day workshop that had a cross section of people \u00e2\u20ac\u201d from corporate executives to scientists to even actors \u00e2\u20ac\u201d attending. Some sought answers on what happens to us after death; some wanted to know how to cope with the death of a loved one. Mookherjee says that on his part, he wanted to understand the concept of death. \"In the course of the various sessions, I came to experience the reality that the opposite of death is birth, not life. Life is continuous and death is just one of the phases. Experiencing this realization gives you an entirely different perspective on living which can be liberating.\"Discussions on death in India are often taboo and workshops on the subject still rare. But many people want to explore this inevitable phase of life, understand, and deal with it better. Gurpreet Singh, a shaman healer and teacher who conducted the Delhi workshop says that he was quite surprised at the number of people who showed up. \"Initially, when the idea came into my mind, I wasn't sure about the response. But as it took shape, many said they wanted to participate.\"During the two days of the workshop, Singh used shamanic techniques to help participants understand the role and importance of death in the cosmic game plan and get acquainted with post death landscapes. \"Death is often the biggest crisis a person faces \u00e2\u20ac\u201d whether it is his own or his loved one's. It is important to equip oneself with the right knowledge to handle it,\" he says.A basic exposure to shamanism was a prerequisite to attending the workshop. Singh says it was essential since the practical sessions involved using shamanic journeying methods to explore and understand after-death landscapes to get over the fear of dying as well as similar methods to see one's own death moment. Scary as it may sound, Irawati Harshe, a Mumbai-based TV actress, says she enjoyed every bit of it. \"I didn't know what to expect but found the whole experience fascinating. I realised that ultimately death teaches you detachment \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and perhaps the most crucial lesson of all: how to live in the present moment.\"An important feature of these workshops involves dealing with grief. Maneesha James, a longtime disciple of Osho who is conducting a workshop titled 'Doing Dying Differently' in February next year in Pune says that \"the training in the workshops provides a safe and supportive environment in which the pain of grief can be identified, accepted and consciously experienced.\"Some workshops even use death as a means to trigger a person's search for enlightenment. Jacqueline Maria Longstaff, a Danish lady who spends a lot of time in India, recently conducted the 'Dying for truth' workshop in Bangalore where the focus was on using the death process constructively to \"awaken one's true nature while still alive.\"But for the most part, the workshops are a way of confronting one's own fear of death. Archa Kate Robinson, who has been conducting death and dying workshops for the past 15 years says her focus is on making the participants become 'more friendly with death.' \"We incorporate a number of processes to do that,\" she says. \"For instance, in one process, the participants imagine lying on their funeral pyre and 'watching' from outside their bodies slowly burn. This is such an amazing experience for many people that they come out of it saying things like 'Yippee I am not my body!'\"This conscious approach to dying, says James, is being embraced by a number of people who are in the process, getting rid of the biggest fear known to man. \"We all know we are going to die; we are living with the inescapable. For many people, that notion itself is fraught with fear. Isn't it, then, intelligent to face the inevitable, to confront those fears while one is still physically and psychologically able to? In doing so we might find that beyond the fear is the most amazing experience imaginable.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17726037", "title": "Great family, special times", "text": "LUDHIANA: For Aman Amay Sood, Christmas is a very special time. Son of a Christian mother and Hindu father, Aman has been exposed to a wealth of heritage from both sides, including diverse festivals with the underlying message of oneness.For the young dance choreographer and his father, Devinder Sood, a transporter, Christmas is a labour of love. They decorate the house days in advance and leave no stone unturned to make sure Aman's mother Nirmal Sood gets to celebrate the way she wants.\"We make it a point to make Christmas celebrations special for my mother. Days before the festival, we decorate the house and bring the Christmas tree. We also decorate the room where we have Christmas dinner\". His maternal cousins also join the celebrations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "muzaffarpur", "code": "17725551", "title": "Anti-goonda cell cracks down in Muzaffarpur", "text": "MUZAFFARPUR: The anti-goonda cell, formed by the district police here a couple of days back, has started trapping eve-teasers and demoralizing them in the society as well their family members.The DSP (HQ) Rashid Zama told TOI on Saturday that an eve-teaser was caught in front of the local Mahanth Darshan Das Mahila College here on Saturday while trying to harass a woman employee of a bank. He was paraded on the streets with a placard written \"chherkhani karna mera pesha hai\". His guardians have been informed about his misdemeanour. Similarly, a few students were trapped near Muzaffarpur Institute of Technology (MIT) where they had tried to pass lewd comments on girl students of the prestigious college on Friday.The DSP said that the victims and women will not have to inform the police about eve-teasing henceforth as the policemen in plainclothes would be present at vulnerable places to catch hold of the anti-social elements trying to commit crimes against the girls.The DSP informed that the SHOs of Bramhapuar, Mithanpura, University, Mahila and a few other police stations of the town have been made members of the anti-goonda cell. The policemen are working both in civil squads and open policing i.e. both in civil and police uniform, according to requirements.Some policemen are also being deployed in uniforms in schools, colleges and parks, while some others including lady police officers are watching the movement and behaviour of the men while wearing plainclothes, the DSP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17726028", "title": "Bhimgad will get range forest office", "text": "BELGAUM: The forest department plans to open a range forest office to conserve Bhimgad reserve forest in Khanapur taluk of the district, which was declared a wildlife sanctuary' last year by the ministry of environment and forests.Bhimgad forest is spread on 19,042.50 hectares in the core zone of Western Ghats. The area is free from biotic disturbances and forestry operations. However, poaching and smuggling continues in this area.This forest is home to tigers, leopards, Indian gaur (bison), sloth bear, sambar, barking deer, cheetah, wild dogs, king cobra and variety of other mammals and reptiles.Poachers and smugglers enter the forest easily from Krishnapur village area on the Goa route. In order to control this, the department plans to open the range office here.Speaking to STOI, Ambadi Madhav, district conservator of forests, said the proposal has been sent to the forest department in the state and the Centre. A K Varma, state principal chief conservator of forest, who visited Belgaum a few months ago promised to sanction a range office for Bhimgad sanctuary at the earliest, by availing approval from the Centre. Varma was in Belgaum as DCF from 1984-87. \"There are also plans to create awareness on the importance of Bhimgad wildlife sanctuary to villagers, who often collude with poachers and get involved in smuggling for a petty amount, without knowing the value of the animals and plants\", the DCF said.With the range office in the area, there would be more guards to man the forest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17724960", "title": "'Attack on girls encroachment on humanity'", "text": "LUCKNOW: She followed everything a girl is told by her mother to avoid 'trouble' -right from wearing traditional clothes to venturing out in the city only with someone trustworthy. Her friends and family say she is a simple girl who believed in minding her own business, suggesting she may not have laughed or giggled to attract the attention of men travelling with her in the private bus. Yet, she was raped.Highlighting these facts about the Delhi rape victim at a candlelight march organised to draw the attention of law makers towards the spiraling graph of crime against women, Monalisa Chowdhury, senior public relations officer at Sanjay Gandhi Post Graduate Institute of Medical Sciences, said \"The problem is definitely not with the girls.\" She made all those who attended the march with her pledge that they would outcast any man who fails to respect the dignity of a woman.Her movement added to the public outcry against incidents of violence against women in the country but for a change, she did not represent any particular pressure group. It all started with a status message on a social networking site which compelled people to contemplate and examine the problem. Soon they concluded that their points of view must rise from the virtual world and transcend at the feet of Mahatama Gandhi (his statue) outside the General Post Office. SMSs were sent and the crowd swelled.On Saturday, citizens including lawyers, teachers, doctors, theatre artists among others gathered and urged the government to take the matter very seriously. \"When a tiger enters a human settlement, government orders to tranquilise and cage it. An attack on a girl, physical or sexual, is an encroachment on humanity and should be dealt with at least with the same amount of seriousness if not harsher,\" stated Neha Tripathi who stood by Monalisa.Students, particularly girls, from different colleges and institutions aired their views throughout the day. It is for the sixth day in a row that public outcry against increasing crimes against women continued to spill on the city roads. Under different banners, they all demanded justice for the victim in Delhi and urged the government to help victims in UP as well. \"Figures from the National Crime Records Bureau reveal that at least five women are raped in UP every day. And experts say this is just the tip of the iceberg as many cases go un-registered. Is it so difficult to control a few bad men roaming free in the society?\" asked a student from Shashi Bhushan Balika Vidyalaya Degree College.Girls from the madrassa in Eidgah Aishbagh run by Darul-uloom Firangi Mahal stressed the need to give safe environment to girls if the society was to progress. One of them stated it's only in a fearless atmosphere that creativity and life blossom. \"We hail from a conservative society which means very few girls are able to move out of their homes. The fear of being abused by evil men would limit our opportunities further. Women just need freedom and opportunity to change and improve the quality of their lives and that of others,\" said Amina Zaidi, a student. They said men too are affected by such incidents. \"It is on account of a few bad men that the entire group earns a bad name,\" said Ankit Mishra, a final year student. His friend Rohit Verma added that they also feel insecure for their sisters and daughters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17724675", "title": "Crime against women: Hyderabad not far behind Delhi", "text": "HYDERABAD: Hyderabad may not be exactly Delhi in terms of hostility towards women, but is not too far behind in terms of crime committed against the fair sex. With 3,584 crimes reported, including 141 rape cases in 2012, Hyderabad definitely is one of the most hostile cities for women in the country.As per National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB) statistics, in 2011, Hyderabad stood at third place after Delhi and Bangalore among the list of 52 cities in the country for recording maximum cases pertaining to violence against women (excluding Cyberabad data). But, if the crime figures from Cyberabad were also taken into account, the state capital would be in second position.In policing terms, Greater Hyderabad is divided into Hyderabad commissionerate and Cyberabad commissionerate, the latter covering the Hi-Tec City and newer parts of the city and is several times bigger than its Hyderabad counterpart and more crime-prone.In 2011, Delhi recorded 4,489 crimes against women and in the corresponding period, the state capital, both police commissionerates, recorded 3,740 crimes against women. Similarly, in terms of the number of rape cases recorded in the cities in 2011, the state capital stands at third position in the country, after Delhi and Mumbai. In Delhi, 453 rape cases were booked, followed by Mumbai with 221 cases. The two commissionerates at the state capital recorded 143 rape cases in 2011.In 2012, the crime rate against women has gone up in the city and out of the 3,800 crimes registered for violence against women, 145 were rape cases. Domestic violence, including dowry related harassment is the major crime committed against women (section 498-a) in the city, followed by eve-teasing and rapes. The alarming fact is that, despite the crime against women is very high in the city, the conviction rate is very low.While on an average 140 rape cases are being recorded every year in the city, the average conviction rate has not crossed 15. In the past three years, the average was below 10. In fact, according to police, majority of the rape cases actually do not get reported.\"Only about 5% of rape victims approach the police and even among them, only 1% to 2% lodge an official complaint. Most of the victims return without lodging a complaint after being explained by the police about the investigation and trial procedure,\" said a veteran cop working at Rajenderanagar police division.Responding about the increasing crime rate and low conviction rate in rape cases, city police commissioner Anurag Sharma said there were several factors that are responsible for the low conviction rate. \"In majority of the rape cases, it becomes very difficult to collect scientific evidence as victims approach police a few days after the occurrence of the crime. The other hindrance is witnesses and victims turning hostile due to societal pressure and trauma,\" the commissioner said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17726891", "title": "Freezing cold, blinding fog, Allahabad shivers at 5.7 degree C", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Dense fog engulfed the Sangam city on Saturday morning affecting adversely movement of vehicles in the city and even more on the highways. The nail biting chill also plugged the mercury which stood at a minimum of 5.7 degrees Celsius, on Saturday.According to the Met department, while the maximum temperature of the city fell in comparison to Friday's temperature, the minimum was almost the same. While the maximum temperature of Saturday was 19.2 which was a drop of around 4 degrees from Friday's (23.7 degrees) temperature, the minimum was almost the same at 5.7 on Saturday and 5.2 on Friday. The plunging mercury also affected visibility in the city which varied from nil to 600 meters maximum. Although Friday night was clear, heavy fog engulfed the city from around 4.00 am and continued till 12 noon. Sunlight failed to raise the temperature as denizens continued to shiver all day.These are dangerous signs matching the condition of what was witnessed in the year 2002 and 03 when sunshine was available for only a few hours and ineffective to cope with the chill, said Savinder Singh, renowned Geographer and former head of the department of Geography, Allahabad University. Thick layer of cloud mixes with fog, pollutants and dust in the lower atmosphere, he added. Because of these conditions, one must be feeling a bit warm because of inverse isolations not working and the heat remaining in the lower layer. Once the sky is clear, there would be dense fog, he opined.Similarly, S S Ojha, climatologist and Reader at the Geography department, AU, agreed with Singh and added that the temperature of the northern region, since last fortnight, was on the higher side, the cold air descended from upper Himalaya and as the atmosphere in the plains already had immense humidity, the cold conditions are moist. Keep an eye on the temperature around Bay of Bengal and Orissa, that could further drag cold air from the Himalayan region, thus, worsening the situation, he cautioned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17725691", "title": "PMK chief in trouble over speeches", "text": "MADURAI: District collector Anshul Mishra has issued a show cause notice to Pattali Makkal Katchi founder S Ramadoss asking why he should not be prohibited from entering the district under Section 144 CrPC.The collector as the district magistrate has also asked him to appear in person and respond to the notice. In the notice issued on Saturday, Mishra has charged that Ramadoss, during his visit to Madurai on December 20, made inflammatory speeches that threatened to incite violence and disturb peace in the district. \"If he fails to appear in person and show cause for not invoking Section 144 CrPC on him, he would be prohibited from entering Madurai district for two months,'' Mishra told TOI.The collector's order has come as a dampener to Ramadoss's attempts to mobilize non-dalit communities in the state on a common platform, the platform being their allergy to inter-caste marriages, mainly involving dalits. Meetings were organized in Madurai and Coimbatore earlier this week to stitch an alliance of like-minded caste outfits, which political analysts perceive to be a precursor to the PMK leader exploring a political coalition of backward caste groups. This is the first time a state government functionary has taken note of the anti-dalit edge in Ramadoss's speech and demanded explanation. Dalit groups as well as outfits like Periyar Dravida Kazhagam have been protesting outside venues where Ramadoss has held meetings. Ramadoss has been playing up the vanniyar card ever since violence broke out over a vanniyar-dalit marriage in Natham in Dharmapuri district. He and other PMK leaders had alleged that dalit boys were luring vanniyar girls into marriage with an eye on their wealth.Ramadoss reiterated the same charges during his visit to Madurai. Undeterred by the criticism from DMK, communist parties, VCK and dalit groups and rights activists, he was vocal about his opposition to inter-caste marriages and even alleged that dalit boys were sexually harassing non-dalit girls. During the Madurai meeting, Ramadoss also floated an umbrella organization of various intermediate caste groups and demanded amendments to the Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes (Prevention of Atrocities) Act, alleging that the Act was being misused by dalits.\"We took suo motu cognizance based on media reports of his speeches made during his visit to Madurai on December 20 that they could incite communal clashes. We feel the peace and harmony of the district would be disturbed because of this kind of talk. Hence, the show cause notice was issued,'' Mishra said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "gudivada", "code": "17724862", "title": "Doctor blamed for girl's death in gate crash", "text": "GUDIVADA: A six-year-old child was killed when the iron gate of the government homeopathic hospital fell on her on Saturday.The incident took place when the hospital doctor pushed the patients away. The iron gate came off the wall and fell on the girl. Sunkara Sravya died on the spot. She came to the hospital along with her parents, Venkateswara Rao, a car driver and her mother Jyothi.According to information, a large number of patients reached the hospital in the morning as the homeo clinic remains closed on Sundays. Irked by the jostling patients, duty medical officer K Jagadeesh pushed away the patients, who fell on the gate.Sources said that the gate was recently erected as part of the reconstruction of the government hospital.The parents of the victim and others staged a protest in the hospital demanding the arrest of the medical officer.Senior officials reached the hospital and held negotiations with the parents. Sources said that the doctor offered to pay Rs 2 lakh as compensation for the death of the girl. However, the parents refused to accept the compensation and insisted that the doctor should be arrested.Gudivada police arrested the medical officer and sent him to judicial remand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17727021", "title": "Civic bodies spent just 0.82% on weaker sections: CAG", "text": "NAGPUR: In a shocking revelation, municipal corporations in the state spent just 0.82% of their budget on weaker sections in 2010-11 which is well below the norms of 5%. The expenditure under this head is on the decline instead of increasing.The figures were revealed in CAG's report on local bodies for the year ending on March 31, 2011, which was tabled in the state legislature on Friday.According to the report, the total expenditure of 22 municipal corporations in 2010-11 was Rs 27,558 crore. The expense of weaker sections was Rs 227 crore which is 0.82% of the total expense. The expense was just 0.39% in 2006-07 but increased to 2.46% in 2007-08 and then again reduced to 2.23% in 2008-09 and 0.84% in 2009-10.MLA and BJP state general secretary Devendra Fadnavis told TOI that it was shocking if figures are such low of weaker sections. \"Five per cent of the total expense is must to lift the weaker sections who are deprived in every manner. Weaker sections are deprived socially and financially. Municipal corporations play vital role in welfare and development of weaker sections. The government should step in and give necessary directives if the picture is such bad,\" he said.Another worry was expenditure on public health and drainage and sewage. Of total expense, the expenditure on public health was just 4.31% while 4.22% of drainage and sewage.Fadnavis said these two sections were crucial for welfare and development of any urban area. \"Today, we are able to treat just 40-70% of total sewage generated. The sewage is directly linked with health and environment. Besides, proper drainage and sewage infrastructure prevents from pollution of water bodies especially lakes and rivers. Sign of any good and developed city is clean water bodies. The municipal corporations require to concentrate hard on drainage and sewage system,\" he said.Fadnavis added the municipal corporations fall short in developing drainage and sewage infrastructure as huge investment is required for these works and there are no returns. \"But the biggest return of any investment will be improvement in public health and environment. Therefore, the central and state governments should provide funds to the urban local bodies for these works. Already, the centre is facilitating funds to some extent under JNNURM,\" he said.However, the administrative expenses increased to 26.53% in 2010-11 as against 16.51% in 2009-10. The other expenses include street lighting- 1.63%, water supply- 13.43%, public security- 0.42%, civil works- 12.72%, transport- 0.35%, education- 2.82%, extraordinary expenditure and loans extended- 1.60% and other expenses- 31.15%.SHOCKING APATHY* The total expenditure of 22 municipal corporations in 2010-11 was Rs27,558 crore.* The expense of weaker sections was Rs227 crore which is 0.82% of the total expense.* It is mandatory for civic bodies to spend 5% on weaker sections* The expense was just 0.39% in 2006-07 but increased to 2.46% in 2007-08* It reduced to 2.23% in 2008-09 and 0.84% in 2009-10* Also, expenditure on public health was just 4.31% while it was 4.22% of drainage and sewage", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17725799", "title": "Roads getting facelift for President visit", "text": "VARANASI: The exercise to give a facelift on the routes through which President Pranab Mukherji would pass during his visit to Banaras Hindu University on December 25 began on Saturday.Vice-president Hamid Ansari and his wife would land at Babatpur airport for reaching Ghazipur to attend a function there on the same day.The district administration had intensified efforts for the facelift of the roads. Roads between Babatpur airport and BHU are being repaired, painting of road dividers and removing of hoardings and signboards are also continuing.ADM city MP Singh said that ensuring timely repair of routes for the President's visit is the top priority. The effects of such priority was evident on the roads like Andhrapul due to which commuters remained the worst sufferers. Without the deployment of traffic cops, the traffic heading towards Kutchehri from Cantonment railway station or Teliabagh area, was diverted towards Chowkaghat. However, as the traffic heading towards Nadesar from Kutchehri area was also left diverted towards Chowkaghat, the load on this crossing increased.Barriers are being installed at over 200 points between Babatpur and BHU. Installation of these barriers are aimed at checking the arrival of vehicles from the roads linked with Babatpur airport, Shivpur, Bhojubir, Kutchehri, Nadesar, Andhrapul, Marimai, Maldahiya, Sigra, Rathyatra and Bhelupur road when the motorcade of president would pass through it.Foolproof security arrangement: Police and paramilitary forces would be visible at each and every corner of the BHU campus as well as the routes to be used for taking the President to the university campus from airport on December 25.It is considered that the length of the president's motorcade consisting of over 130 vehicles including jammer, bullet proof cars, baggage, ambulances and armed security personnel vehicles, would be of more than a kilometre. DIG A Satish Ganesh said that a rehearsal would be conducted on the eve of President's arrival on Monday. It is considered that the ADG security would also reach the city by Sunday morning to take stock of the preparations.Ten SPs, 10 ASPs, 34 deputy SPs, 30 station officers, 225 sub-inspectors, 14 women sub-inspectors, 27 traffic sub-inspectors, 35 head constables, 17 companies of PAC and two companies of Rapid Action Force had been demanded by the officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17725826", "title": "Chandigarh Club under scanner for demanding huge money as entry fee", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The functioning of Chandigarh Club has come under the judicial scanner for demanding a huge amount as entry fee after more than 11 years of a person obtaining membership.Acting on a petition, the district court has stayed the club from charging an amount of Rs 72,000 as entry fee from member Akhilesh Sinha and terminating his membership on this ground.The development is significant, as the club has asked hundreds of its members, who had obtained membership from 2001 to 2004 after paying requisite fee and completing necessary formalities to pay the inflated fee.According to the petitioner, the club management has issued notices to its members despite the fact that the court, on July 20, 2010, has already stayed recovery of the said amount after hearing a suit filed by another Chandigarh club member Jaswinder Singh Bagga.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "17724214", "title": "'Parashuram Kund can become tourism hotspot'", "text": "ITANAGAR: The state's tourism parliamentary secretary PD Sona said Arunachal should promote Parashuram Kund, a holy pilgrimage site in Lohit district, as a religious hotspot of the state.The idea was mooted by him during his recent visit to inspect the tourism assets in Parashuram Kund in the wake of the Parashuram Kund Mela, which starts from mid-January, sources said here Wednesday.\"Spiritual tourism can be a revenue spinner if a proper plan is worked out in the area. Parashuram Kund has the potential to become a spiritual tourism hotspot. Pilgrims have already started pouring in despite the fact that the main event is still a month away,\" said Sona.Sona added, \"Restoration work of the CC steps, which were washed away during the last floods, will be completed before the mela.\" While interacting with the Lohit deputy commissioner and other local authority, the parliamentary secretary was informed that thousands of pilgrims throng the kund during the mela, but the basic sanitation facilities and accommodation is a big problem. He requested the PHED to provide water supply at this site during the mela and create public toilets and other basic facilities for visitors.Sona also visited the tourism complex at Parashuram Kund, which is nearing completion. The complex is being created to provide accommodation to the pilgrims and other visitors, especially during the mela, sources said.\"I am quite happy that the complex is coming up well and will be of great help to all the pilgrims, who come here to seek salvation,\" Sona saidWhile inspecting the project, the executing agency informed him that basic facilities like external water supply and electricity were not included in the scope of the project. Sona said water supply and electricity should be integral part of the project and hoped that some solution would be worked out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17725562", "title": "Tension over doomsday flyer keeps police on toes", "text": "CHENNAI: Tension prevailed in Triplicane when members of the Tamil Nadu Thowheed Jamaat flocked to the police station on Saturday evening demanding the release of two of their colleagues. Police detained 500 of them to defuse the situation.Police had earlier picked up two members of the Jamaat for printing and distributing some pamphlets which rubbished claims of doomsday prophecies attributed to some Hindu organisation. Hindu Munnani joined the issue, and as the two groups traded arguments through pamphlets, police picked up two men each from the two organisations.The Jamaat members said police had gone to their houses at night when the women and children were asleep. Police could have gone to the houses during day without creating a scene, they said. They demanded the release of their members and courted arrest.Police took them to a marriage hall in Chintradripet and later released them. \"We demand the release of our men and action against the police officials for being rude,\" said Tamil Nadu Thowheed Jamaat district president F Badrul Alam.There was palpable tension as crowds began to pour in from different parts of the city.As one batch courted arrest, three more batches came from another place. Traffic was affected in and around Chepauk. The Triplicane police had a tough time keeping the protestors at bay and had to put up barricades in front of the police station and at the entrance to Royapettah.Joint commissioner of police (east) V A Ravikumar said cases were registered against both the organisations according to the rule of law. \"We have strengthened security in the area to avoid any untoward incident,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17726231", "title": "Govt flip-flop on National Eligibility cum Entrance Test leaves students in a fix", "text": "MANGALORE: The state government's decision to go ahead with Common Entrance Test (CET) for MBBS and BDS courses in May 2013 has left many pre-university students and college authorities confused.The government had earlier directed PU students to appear for National Eligibility cum Entrance Test (NEET) for the courses. The government changed its stand in the wake of petitions against NEET that are pending before the Supreme Court are due to hear on January 15, 16, and 17.The frequent change in the government's stand on conducting entrance test for medical courses has put the students in a fix, said Swathi Rao, II PU student.\"I have been preparing for NEET and now, the government is gearing up to conduct CET. This is not justifiable. Many students have spent time preparing for NEET,\" Vineeth M, II PU student, rued.M Mohan Alva, chairman of Alva's Education Foundation, said the decision of conducting NEET is pending before SC and there is no coordination between the state and central governments.\"Not just students, parents are also confused. Now, the government's decision to conduct CET has created more stress on students,\" he said, adding that \"for the past few months, medical course aspirants have been preparing for NEET.\"Chances of conducting NEET cannot be ruled out, said Fr Elvis Lewis, principal of St Aloysius PU College. This confusion has been putting huge stress on students, especially rural students, he said.\"After conducting CET, if the Supreme Court directs to conduct NEET, then students will have to pay fee for two entrance exams,\" he added.Since there is no clarity in conducting NEET, it is an additional burden on students, said Y S Parameshwari, principal of Besant PU College. Students will have to depend on coaching centres for NEET and dedicate more time to crack this entrance exam, she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "biharsharif", "code": "17725558", "title": "Award for Nalanda farmers at India International Expo", "text": "BIHARSHARIF: Progressive farmers from Nalanda who created world records for the highest yield of potatoes using organic fertilizers, were awarded for their excellent achievements by the Union minister of state for agriculture Tariq Anwar at the third India International Expo-2012 held in New Delhi on Friday. On this occasion, N Vijyalaxmi, secretary, agriculture department, Bihar , also received an award for the achievements of the farmers.Nitish Kumar , a farmer from village Darveshpura in the district, who produced 729 quintals of potato per hectare and created a world record of highest yield by using organic fertilizers, was awarded by the minister for his achievement. Nitish also equalled the previous world record of paddy production held by a Chinese while another farmer from his village Sumant Kumar got the award for the highest yield of paddy last season to beat the Chinese record after he produced 127 quintal per hectare using the scientific method of system of rice intensification (SRI) and organic fertilizers.Since then hundreds of farmers of the district have turned to SRI and the average yield of paddy and wheat has almost doubled in the district. Rakesh Kumar of Nalanda Organic Vegetable Growers' Association (NOVGA), of which Rakesh Kumar is the secretary from Sohdih in the district and Vijendra Prasad from village Jhamadih in Nalanda, also received awards for their outstanding performances for procuring significant yield of potato by the minister on this occasion.Over 500 farmers of the district are attached with NOVGA, who grow vegetables using only traditional organic fertilizers, supply their produce to different states and currently they are negotiating for supplying potatoes to Russia and Saudi Arabia.The recipients of the award said the constant support of the district agriculture department and encouragements from DM Nalanda Sanjay Kumar Agrawal helped them achieve the feat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "17726783", "title": "Matric exam centres to be close to schools", "text": "CUTTACK: All schools will have matriculation examination centres within five to six km radius of the institutes, said school and mass education minister Rabi Narayan Nanda on Saturday.\"We have decided to set up exam centres close to the schools so that the students will not face any problem in travelling to the centres,\" said Nanda on the sidelines of the 57th Foundation Day celebration of the Board of Secondary Education here.He further said the department is contemplating to change the starting time of the matriculation exam, which will kick off from February 20. As per the earlier practice, the matriculation exam started at 7.30 am but the department is planning to conduct the examination at 10 am. \"In view of the prevailing cold wave condition, we are planning to hold the exams at 10 am. But a final decision in this regard will be taken only after a detailed discussion with the board officials,\" added Nanda. The board officials backed the opinion of the minister.\"Definitely, students will face problems in coming to the exam centres in chilly mornings. We will look into the proposal,\" said secretary of the board Ramakrushna Sahoo.Taking a lesson from the spate of accidents, in which 10 examinees were killed, during matriculation exam this year, the education department decided to set up exam centres close to schools. The long distance between the schools and their corresponding exam centres had came in for lot of criticism since all the accidents occurred when the students were either on their way to the exam centres or were returning home after writing papers.On the occasion, Nanda inaugurated the new building of the board's office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "17726864", "title": "Govt approves special package for Karipur airport development", "text": "MALAPPURAM: The state government has approved the special package for the development of Karipur International Airport on Saturday. As per the package 137 acres would be acquired for the development works.The project has been granted approval after considering all the complaints and demands of the people whose land would be acquired for the works. A land acquisition unit comprising 25 officials has been formed for the smooth land acquisition process. Deputy collector, tahsildar, junior superintendent, valuation assistants, revenue superintendent, villageman, peons and clerks would be part of the unit.Government has sanctioned Rs 116.45 crore for land acquisition and Rs 18 crore for the rehabilitation of families which are to be evicted. Rs 50 lakhs was also sanctioned for other expenses of the official unit.Each family, which would be evicted as part of the development works, would be provided equal area of land. The families would be rehabilitated in nearby areas of the airport. The compensation amount to construct buildings in the lands would be fixed after considering the current market price of the buildings. The price of the lands would be fixed through bilateral talks.The government will recommend the Airports Authority of India (AAI) to give job for at least one member of each family which would be evicted as part of the project.A discussion between district collector M C Mohandas and landowners in Malappuram has decided to go ahead with the acquisition process as per the conditions in the package. KNA Khader, MLA was also present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17723643", "title": "Four metro stations near India Gate to remain closed on Sunday", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a bid to contain the flow of protesters near India Gate, four Delhi Metro stations near the War Memorial will remain closed from Sunday.The metro stations that will remain closed will be Patel Chowk, Central Secretariat, Udyog Bhawan and Race Course stations, DMRC officials said.The closing of stations for an indefinite time came following a direction from Delhi Police.\"The stations will remain closed till DMRC gets further orders from the Delhi Police. All the four stations are close to India Gate. However, interchange will be allowed at Central Secretariat station,\" the officials said.The decision was taken after protests over the gang rape of a young girl erupted in Raisina Hill, the seat of power.Thousands of youth today clashed with police, undeterred by the repeated use of water cannons, teargas shells and baton charge.Demonstrators comprising girls and boys gathered right from the morning at India Gate and marched to Raisina Hill where Rashtrapati Bhavan and Prime Minister's Office are located.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17724934", "title": "Shoppers dig deep into Christmas stockings", "text": "LUCKNOW: The jingle of bells, shimmer of stars, echo of carols and swoosh of sledge make Christmas palpable in the city. From clothes to accessories and cakes to wines , Christmas has started roping its fair-share of shoppers to indulge in the festive spirit.To complement the celebrations, many options are available in markets and malls across the city. To woo the buyers, shops in the city have put on display all things one may need to decorate the house for Christmas.Shopkeepers have noted an interesting trend around Christmas. They said two years back, Diwali was the only time for city folks to purchase new clothes, decorate their houses and exchange sweets and gifts. The western exposure has contributed a positive change as along with Diwali, Christmas has also become shopping and gifting time in the city.Not only the rich, middle-class buyers are indulging in Christmas celebrations too. \"Over the years, number of Christmas shoppers has gone up. TV serials and movies have romanticised the festival, hence, the festival draws all people, irrespective of religion, towards it,\" said Lakhan, a shopkeeper in Janpath. He added that due to globalisation, people have started celebrating all the festivals. Christmas has caught the fancy of non-Christian families and now they celebrate it with sheer enthusiasm.The increase in Christmas shopping mania has thrilled the shopkeepers in the city. Many seasonal shops have mushroomed in various markets to cater to the growing demand for Christmas goodies.From big stores to street vendors, everyone has stocked up Christmas merchandise to add to the revelers' delight. \"We have now started stocking varied Christmas goodies. Even the high price does not deter the buyers from indulging in shopping,\" said Pradeep Srivastav, manager of a prominent gift shop of the city. He added that now the red colour characteristic of the festival dominates most of the city's landscape because the malls, restaurants, shops and coffee shops shimmer with Christmas decoration to lure buyers.Busy giving final touches to the Christmas decoration at home, Shipra Jaiswal, a college student, said, \"Christmas is for fun and has everything to trap a person with including chocolates, gifts, warmth and enthusiasm. For me and my family, it has turned into a bigger celebration by the year.\" Talking about her Christmas plans, Jaiswal said, \"We are preparing a special Christmas lunch which will be attended by our family, friends and relatives. We will make chocolates at home and gift them.\"Similarly, Ritu Sharma, a housewife said, \"My children want to enjoy the festival to its full. They have demanded a new Christmas tree and red clothes.\"Of snowy X-mas trees and musical santaWhy should the Christmas tree be green? In most countries the Christmas tree is covered with thick snow. Using this logic, shop keepers in the city market have come up with a snowy santa. \"We have introduced these trees because in the US, during the Christmas time, the Christmas tree is covered with ice,\" said Lakhan Keshwani, a shopkeeper at Janpath. Snow tree are priced according to size with the range starting Rs 150 to 500 while one will have to shell anything around Rs 1600 for the white X-mas tree.To add to the fun of carol singing, one can wear the musical Santa cap as well. \"This cap has become an instant hit among buyers and we are left with couple of pieces,\" said Keshwani. The other Santa cap which has two plates is also in vogue. The cap is not heavy on pockets as it costs Rs 75. \"Every year, the customers want to try something new and we just add some features to make it different from the others,\" said Raju, a shopkeeper in Hazratganj.Among the other unique items that can be purchased to decorate the house is musical Santa Claus, which dances on Christmas carols. Similarly, another Santa Claus which is catching the attention is one who climbs up a rope and come down while singing X-mas carols. The designer stocking is also popular and ranges from Rs 100 to 195. \"Designer stockings are used to hide gifts,\" said a shopkeeper.Street vendors too are selling caps, masks and socks have added colour and vibrancy to the festival. Colourful and glittering stars, bells and balls have covered every inch of the shops. While a pack of rein deer is priced at Rs 100, the packet of angel is economical as it cost Rs 20. Made up of porcelain, the family of Jesus is also available for a price of Rs 575. The velvet costumes of Santa Claus of different sizes are too on sale.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "rourkela", "code": "17726803", "title": "20 acquitted in police outpost torching case", "text": "ROURKELA: As many as 20 accused in Sundargarh's much-publicized Dharuadihi police outpost torching case, which had taken place in 1999 following murder of a social activist, were acquitted by an additional sessions judge on Friday. Out of the 24 accused, two died during the trial while two others are on the run.According to sources, on July 7, 1999, Dileswar Dandasena, general secretary of Singha Bahini Youth Club (SBYC) of Dharuadihi, was brutally killed by a group of miscreants. Dandasena was an active social worker and had been strongly campaigning against bootlegging and gambling, which had become rampant in the locality. Hundreds of locals and members of SBYC then staged a demonstration in front of Dharuadihi outpost, demanding immediate arrest of the murder accused.During the demonstration, the agitated public had heated exchanges with the policemen and somehow a fire broke out in the police outpost. By the time the firemen reached the spot and put out the fire, all documents and valuables of the police outpost had been gutted. After the incident, police had registered a case against 24 persons, all members of the SBYC. Later, police had arrested 22. The case then had hit the headlines and discussed in assembly too. Even a House committee, under the leadership of former chief minister Hemananda Biswal, had visited the outpost and submitted a report.Since, killing Dandasena had come close on the heels of murder of Urmila Kuanar, another anti-liquor activist of the district, the issue had snowballed into a major issue with various NGOs and social organizations taking up the case. The two main accused in the murder, liquor mafia Bhuban Tanti and Bhikari Charan Agasti, were arrested by police and held guilty by a court. In the torching case, additional sessions judge Pradeep Kumar Pattnaik acquitted the accused on the ground of insufficient evidence. Twenty persons had recorded their statements as witnesses besides five police officers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17725823", "title": "New chief soon for women's panel", "text": "MUMBAI: A chairperson for the state women's commission is likely to be announced next week. Sources in the Women and Child Development Department said the file of various probables for the post was sent to the chief minister's office in June, but was lost in the Mantralaya fire.\"It was lost in the fire along with several other files. It was then reconstructed and sent again after a month or so,\" said a senior official.Nirmala Samant Prabhavalkar, member of the National Commission for Women and in charge of Maharashtra, said the commission had raised the issue with the chief minister when it met him following the Azad Maidan incident where women constables were molested by protesters. \"The CM told us a decision would be taken at the earliest,'' she said. Sources said three names had been shortlisted and a final nod was awaited from the chief minister for the appointment of the chairperson.Women's organisations have been upset with the government's lackadaisical attitude towards the organisation which is an autonomous body and is an interface between the government and NGOs. The post has been vacant for four years now. Consequently, there is no one to strongly represent women's issues before the government and force it to act.Sonia Gill, member of the All-India Democratic Women's Association said investigations into crimes against women, particularly those in which police themselves were involved, have suffered. \"The office of the Commission exists but in the absence of a chairperson, who is a political appointee, it is not at all effective,'' she said.Sources said the focus on women's safety, rising incidents of crime against women, and with the legislative session ending on Friday, Chavan is likely to make an announcement soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17726467", "title": "Lethargic pilots blocking runways in for trouble", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pilots used to vacating runways at a leisurely pace and then forcing other aircraft supposed to land to take a sharp go-around are now in for trouble.The AAI ( Airports Authority of India) is getting a software to analyze aircraft movement time on runways, taxiways and the technical area. If a particular pilot is found to be habitually lethargic in clearing runways, then the matter will be reported to his or her airline for corrective training. Similarly, if an airline is found guilty on this count the authority will 'discipline' it.AAI was forced to take this step as aircraft movement in India is increasing while only Delhi has three runways: two parallel and one merging. Mumbai has a set of cross runways where independent movement is not possible. All other airports in India have only one runway and are now finding it tough to handle the growing aircraft movement unless runway capacity is optimized.\"An aircraft is cleared to come into land with some estimation by the air traffic controller (ATC) that the aircraft on the runway before it will vacate it in a certain time. If the aircraft on runway fails to vacate the runway in time, then the incoming aircraft has no option but to go around \u00e2\u20ac\u201d take off go around (TOGA) in technical language. There is an alarming increase in this phenomenon. While it does not involve any risk, it means waste of time for airline, passengers along with unnecessary fuel burn,\" said a senior official.AAI has always had data of runway, taxiway vacation time for all aircraft movement. But an alarming increase in TOGA has now led it to decide on deploying software to analyze the data to pull up and give corrective training to erring pilots or airlines. If someone does not listen even after this, the case can be referred to the Directorate General of Civil Aviation ( DGCA) too.While the speed at which pilots taxi an aircraft on taxiways or moves on the runway is decided by them, ATCs always ask them to expedite movement to minimize runway occupancy time. This is a common practice world over with air traffic increasing and having more runways not being an easy option.Mumbai, for instance, is now desperately short of runways and London is having a heated debate for a third runway at Heathrow for years due to environmental concerns.A senior pilot said a particular private airline is notorious in India for slow runway vacation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17726726", "title": "Time-bound govt services from January", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government on Saturday said it would roll out important public services to the people in a time-bound manner from January.In the first phase, 31 services, belonging to seven administrative departments, would be made available to the people, an official release said following a review meeting chaired by chief minister Naveen Patnaik here. All the government offices will display a time schedule for different services.Rules to implement the Odisha Right to Public Service Bill, which envisages delivery of various public services in a time-bound manner, were discussed at the meeting.The assembly had passed the Bill during the monsoon session in September.Official sources said in subsequent phases, another 45-50 services would be made available to the public. Departments such as energy, housing and urban, school and mass education, commerce and transport, home, finance, revenue and disaster management, rural development, health and family welfare and women and child development would be covered under the public services law, official sources added.Odisha would be the 12th state in the country to implement such a law. Such legislation already exists in states like Uttar Pradesh, Delhi, Jammu and Kashmir, Bihar and Madhya Pradesh , sources added.Official sources said under the new Act, citizens would be get their land records, driving licences, electricity and water connections and other services within a stipulated time. Officers, who fail to deliver the services on time, could attract punishment.The chief minister has issued instructions to different departments to train their staff to avoid penalty and provide effective service to the citizens, sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "17726187", "title": "'BSY's allegations are baseless'", "text": "DHARWAD: Chief minister Jagadish Shettar on Saturday hit back at former chief minister and KJP chief BS Yeddyurappa that the latter was making false allegations against the BJP government just as a political gimmick to wake up the KJP which is in deep slumber. Shettar was referring to Yeddyurappa's charge that the government had stopped all the pro-people programmes launched by him.Speaking to reporters here Shettar stated that the BJP government in the state is working as per the aspirations of the people and is leading by example in implementing developmental works during the last six months.Funds have been doled out for the Sandhya Suraksha scheme, Bhagyalakhmi and other welfare schemes. The financial condition of the state is healthy and there is no dearth of funds to stop welfare schemes, he added.Yeddyurappa is levelling baseless allegations just to wake up his party men and gain sympathy, he added.When quizzed on the state government appealing to the Supreme Court on reservation list for local body elections, Shettar stated that the government had filed an appeal at the High Court urging to give more time for notification of reservation list for the local bodies polls.However, the high court has rejected the government's plea. Hence, the government would challenge the decision of the High Court at the Supreme Court.The reservation list declared now has been notified based on the National Census 2001. However, the government is pressing to create reservation list based on National Census 2011. Here, the Scheduled Caste and Scheduled Tribes would get hike in reservation. The Centre is expected to release the National Census 2011 report by March and based on this report, the government would issue notification fixing the reservation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17725699", "title": "SP, Hanumangarh put on awaiting posting order following gang rape", "text": "JAIPUR: The outburst of anger against the gangrape incident in Delhi has forced the state government to go into overdrive in such cases. In Hanumangarh district, taking cognizance of a case in which a minor girl was raped by six men on December 14, the state government on Saturday put the superintendent of police on awaiting posting order (APO).This was despite police arresting all the accused.On December 14, a 10-year-old girl was gang-raped and the assailants left the victim at an isolated place. It triggered an outburst of anger as people of organised protests against the authorities including the SP, Hanumangarh, Dr Ravi.Bowing to mounting anger, the police had arrested six persons identified as Channi Singh, Budh Singh, Jaswinder Singh, Kulvinder Singh, Daljit Singh and Bhalla Singh on Friday morning and a case of rape and abduction was lodged against them at Mahila Thana , Hanumangarh.0n Saturday, the department of personnel, in its order stated that Dr Ravi, superintendent of police has put on awaiting posting order (APO).Dr. Ravi, on the status of case, said: \"All the accused in this connection have been arrested and booked under appropriate sections of IPC for allegedly abducting and raping a 10-year-old girl.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "17724221", "title": "Meghalaya to export 'value-added' minerals", "text": "SHILLONG: The Meghalaya Mines and Minerals Policy, 2012, has specified that the state has decided to 'encourage' value-added mineral products. To achieve this, the state government will promote and organize trade fairs and similar events and give wide publicity to possibilities of export of value-added mineral products.\"The policy has been formulated with an aim to facilitate systematic, scientific and planned utilization of mineral resources and to streamline mineral-based development of the state, keeping in view protection of the environment, land, health and safety of people in and around the mining areas,\" the policy, which was introduced in the state assembly, stated.The statement added, \"The policy will also dwell on ensuring optimal utilization of available mineral resources, realization of vast mineral potential, generate revenue for socio-economic development, uplift the economy of the state and enhance employment opportunities.\"\"The antiquated and outdated method of manual extraction, not only involves more time, labour and cost, but also constitutes health hazards and risks to human life. Therefore, adoption of modern methods of mining will increase safety of workers and reduce accidents,\" the mineral policy emphasized.Meghalaya is endowed with sizeable deposits of a number of valuable minerals. Coal, limestone, uranium, granite, kaolin, clay and glass are the principal minerals found here.With large areas of the state falling under ecologically fragile zone, mining that involves cutting down and leveling of hill tops and slopes may not only change the natural landscape, but also pose serious threat to environment and ecology. As such, the new mining policy stipulates careful regulation. \"Mining operations shall be regulated under the provisions of the existing environmental and forest bio-diversity laws,\" the policy stated.\"Appropriate measures will be taken to protect forests and maintain ecological balance in mining belts while pursuing mining activities,\" the policy said, adding that the 'Environment Management Plan' will adequately provide for controlling environmental damage, restoration and reclamation of mined areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17729061", "title": "Jingle all the way!", "text": "There's no better way to celebrate year-end festivities than over good food and great music. Hard Rock Cafe has loads lined up for you between Christmas and New Year to make sure you end the year on a high note.There is a three-course festive feast comprising seasonal food such as a turkey platter and a three-bean salad with citrus dressing, among many other offerings. The cafe also has a dessert, plum cake with vanilla ice cream, to satisfy your sweet tooth. This meal is on offer between December 24 and 30, between 12 noon and 12 am, and is priced at 1,300 (plus taxes) per person.For those who want to party their way into 2013, DJ Goapu will put a new twist to your favourite tracks. Celebrate to your heart's content with the unlimited F&B; offers as the countdown begins, from 8 pm onwards. Entry is priced at 3,500 (general stag), 5,500 (general couple), 5,500 (VIP stag) and 8,500 (VIP couple).Hard Rock Cafe is located on St Marks Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17726995", "title": "Finally, it's biting cold at 8.3\u00c2\u00b0C", "text": "NAGPUR: The city recorded the season's lowest temperature on Saturday early morning. The mercury dropped to 8.3 degrees Celsius from 9.7 the previous day. In fact, cold wave conditions continued in entire region and Central India. Gondia recorded a low of 6.1 degrees Celsius on Saturday.The sudden fall in the temperature is result of northerly winds. The fall in temperature is expected to continue for another few days but may stabilize soon. \"It is part of the cycle. The temperature may further drop to 7.3 to 7.5 degrees in January. The temperature falls from December 15 to January 8-10. After this, the sun starts shifting towards southern hemisphere and temperature begins to rise,\" said P N Nadankar, deputy director general of the regional met office in city.There has been a fall in minimum temperature since Thursday, when the mercury was at 11.7 degrees. But earlier this month, the temperature had also dropped to 11.1 degrees on December 20.The season has seen intermittent and sudden fall in temperature. This year, the city recorded the coldest November in past three years. On November 1, the city recorded 13.6 degrees.A look at the data of maximum and minimum temperatures in the last ten years shows that 2001 was the coldest December with temperatures reaching 7.1 degrees on December 23. Last year, the lowest temperature in December was recorded at 9.2 degrees. But 2010 was also a cold year. On December 19 in that year, the minimum temperature was 7.7 degrees.Two times earlier during the decade, the mercury was recorded at 7.6 degrees on December 27, 2005 and 8.8 degrees on December 30.The lowest ever temperature in December was recorded in city in 1968 at 5.5 degrees on December 29 and the highest ever in the month was recorded at 34 degrees on December 26, 2007.Although the drop in mercury is gradual, doctors are advising proper care for the elderly and the children. They are advising them not to venture out without adequate woollens for morning walks or playing out late evenings. They should cover their ears. Doctors are also advising the children to avoid drinking cold water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17724325", "title": "Delhi rape case: Students seek justice for victim", "text": "GUWAHATI: Students and youths thronged the city streets on Saturday seeking justice for the Delhi gang-rape victim. The protesters also demanded urgent measures in the city to protect women.Students from Handique Girls' College, youths under the banner of Justice for Society and law students staged a demonstration in the heart of the city on Saturday seeking death penalty for the Delhi rapists.\"We want strict implementation of laws against the violators. Better mechanism should be there to stop rape and other kinds of violence against women. The manner in which crime against women is increasing in the country is disturbing,\" said Liucinya Borchetia, the general secretary of Handique Girls' College Students' Union.A law student said, \"Can there be any crime more heinous than this. An innocent girl is battling for life because of the brutality of some monsters and the government is yet to convince the country. All rape accused should be hanged till death.\"Nearly 100 activists of Justice for the Society (JFS), a newly floated forum of Facebook users, also staged a protest march in the city seeking prompt action to punish the rapists. \"All rape cases pending in courts across the state should be tried in fast track courts so that the rape victims can get justice without delay. Sex education should also be made mandatory in schools to bring down sexual offences,\" said Chandrama Bhattacharyya, a member of JFS.She feels that the girls should be trained in physical education so that they can defend themselves", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17728026", "title": "Delhi gang rape: 7 metro stations closed today", "text": "NEW DELHI: Anticipating more protests on the gang-rape of a young girl, seven Delhi metro stations near Raisina Hill and India Gate were today closed for public.Last night it was decided to close four stations -- Patel Chowk, Central Secretariat, Udyog Bhawan and Race Course -- but this morning it was extended to three more -- Barakhamba, Mandi House and Khan Market.Though the commuters were less in the morning it being Sunday, the few who chose to take Metro to reach these destinations were put to hardship as they unaware of the announcement made late last night by DMRC.Delhi Metro's decision came on the directions of Delhi Police. The stations will remain closed till further orders.\"The stations will remain closed till DMRC gets further orders from the Delhi Police. All the four stations are close to India Gate. However, interchange will be allowed at Central Secretariat station,\" DMRC officials said.The decision was taken after protests over the gang-rape of a young girl erupted in Raisina Hill, the seat of power.Thousands of youth clashed with police undeterred by the repeated use of water cannons, teargas shells and baton charge yesterday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17726364", "title": "Kite making workshop in Panaji", "text": "PANAJI: The directorate of art and culture will organize a kite making workshop in collaboration with West Zone Cultural Centre, Udaipur, for Goan children, youth and the general public between 2pm and 5pm from January 10 to 12 at Institute Menezes Braganza, Panaji.Experts in the field will impart knowledge in theory as well as practicals with a live demonstration at Miramar Beach on January 13 from 4pm onwards. Those interested can collect the application forms available at the department of art and culture, Sanskruti Bhavan, Patto, Panaji and submit the duly filled forms on or before January 4.The applicants may apply through the department website: www.artandculture.goa.gov.in or send an email to aco5-dac.goa@nic.in.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17729064", "title": "Salman Khan is all for his fans", "text": "Salman Khan is one Bollywood star, who despite all his antics and controversies, remains the most loved actors of all times. His fan base has never seen a downward trend and those who love Salman, have loved him despite all the ups and downs he has seen through his career. And this fan frenzy only seems to be getting bigger and crazier with the 'Dabangg' actor generating blockbusters one after the other.And just as Salman 'bhai' is know for his dariya dili, he leaves no stone unturned for pleasing his fans. Be it fulfilling his promise of dancing with them on stage or participating in events organized by them, he has gone the distance everytime they have asked for his love. Similarly, for Dagangg 2 Salman obliged his long time fan, Ram Lal, an autorickshaw wallah, who claims to be his fan since his Maine Pyar Kiya days . To Ram Lal's delight he was not only asked to distribute the invites for special screening of Dabangg 2 , he was given a small role in the film as well where he drives his auto in the film.This is the Salman bhai, who is probably the only actor to have done maximum guest appearances in film, never misses to show his love and affection for people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17725202", "title": "Jail rapist for life, says Quraishi", "text": "GURGAON: Former chief election commissioner S Y Quraishi, speaking on the sidelines of a national convention on 'Mission Global Gurgaon', on Thursday suggested that a rapist should be sentenced to life imprisonment.Commenting on the Munirka (Delhi) rape case, Quraishi said: \"Rape is the worst crime against humanity. The accused should be sentenced to life imprisonment.\" He said there should be no delay in hearing such cases. Such cases should be handled by a fast-track court for speedy trial.Pointing out the responsibility of society, he said there is a need for society to find out why such incidents are happening. Society should focus on the upbringing and the education of the youth in order to keep them away from getting involved in such crimes.\"There is a proposal to set up five special fast-track courts in Delhi to try cases of sexual assault on women. I hope it is done fast so that cases can be put on speedy trial,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17725822", "title": "Colleges work towards female students' safety", "text": "MUMBAI: Several colleges in the city where a student was stabbed by a classmate told TOI that they had a robust mechanism on place to sensitize and deal with issues that affect the youth. It is ironic that just a week ago, the police had held a seminar on youth safety at Chetana College where the crime took place.In the wake of a series of attacks on women in the city as well as the country, colleges said they have been gearing up to ensure the safety of their female students. T A Shiware, principal of K P B Hinduja College and president of the Association of Non-Government Colleges (ANGC), plans to invite a senior police officer from south Mumbai to address students in colleges on women's safety. \"I believe that city girls should equip themselves with self-defence techniques. Colleges should install CCTVs at important points in the campus.\" Shiware added that as part of sensitizing the youth about women's safety, the ANGC will conduct workshops.Harsha Mehta, principal of SIES College, Sion, said her campus security is up to the mark. \"The college, however, is tying up with an NGO to conduct self-defence workshops, particularly from female students, from January 2.\"She added that the college also follows a teacher-mentor programme where every teacher mentors around 25-30 girl students who have regular conversations with students and finds if they have been victims of sexual harassment or any other harassment either in public or at home.However, Mumbai university women's development cell chairperson Kranti Jejurkar said colleges often shirk their responsibility when it comes to reporting student issues. \"Colleges often try to push issues between students under the carpet or solve them amicably. They seldom report or take cases seriously.\"Madhu Nair, principal and dean of commerce of Mumbai University, said, \"Women development cells in colleges should be more active to spread awareness, and counseling facilities should be activated.\"A Chetana College professor said this was a very unfortunate incident which had happened at a time when the college was actively working towards female students' security.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17725083", "title": "MP sees no hope for Telangana at party meet", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The demand for a separate Telangana is not likely to find any solution at the all party meeting to be held soon, according to Amalapuram Lok Sabha member Harsha Kumar. He said there would no new outcome in the discussions of the all party meet as the same old issues and talk would come to the chair.After inauguration of the library of 7806 book of the Hindi Department in Andhra University, the MP said he was not hopeful of any solution to the T issue in the meeting.He, however, lauded state government's historic decision of introducing the SC, ST sub plan Act and said he hoped it would give result in development of the backward classes in the state.Speaking on Andhra University, he said that universities should not work like industries. \"Its not the duty of universities to produce only students with certificates. They should be hubs for research. AU has not done anything useful for society or the country,\" he alleged.He urged the old students of AU and its faculty to chalk out a plan to develop the university and said he would meet AU alumnus and Union human resources development minister Pallam Raju to push his case for development of the university.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17726029", "title": "Christmas spirit permeates Ludhiana", "text": "Children usher in festivitiesStudents of ABC Montessori School celebrated Christmas with great cheer. The school building was brightly decorated with balloons, bells and stars. Children dresses as Santa Claus and fairies endeared themselves to their teachers and parents, who were invited to celebrate. A beautifully done up Christmas tree and a snowfall scene added to the aesthetics of the programme. Children made a snowman while Santa distributed gifts among them. There were exciting games for parents and children. A fully decorated sleigh was one of the highlights of the event. Children sang carols and acted in plays related to the birth of Jesus Christ.Being Santa Clause at schoolChildren at Babies Paradise Playway School turned up in red Santa Clause dresses. School director Shalu Sachdeva apprised students about the meaning and significance of Christmas, after which children put up rhyme and dance performances. Parents also enjoyed themselves with games and a dance party.Schoolkids celebrate Feast DayChristmas celebrations at Sacred Heart School, BRS Nagar started with floral felicitation to school director father John. This also marked his feast day. The cultural programme organized by students had a spiritual feel to it, with a play depicting the forgiveness of Jesus. Dancers from the primary section enthralled the audience. Little ones from kindergarten presented a Christmas tableau. Addressing the students, father John asked them to love their families, friends, neighbours, society and the world. A carol singing competition saw enthusiastic participation by students. The Nativity scene was well depicted.Stars and bells add to cheerChristmas bells tolled at Ryan school, Jamalpur, with the Christmas tree, stars and bells adding to the cheer. The programme began with a Bible reading and prayer songs. Students also took part in dances and carol singing. School founder chairman Dr Augustine F. Pinto blessed the students and distributed cake among them.Reaching out to all on XmasGulzar Group of Institutes celebrated Christmas in a novel way by spreading happiness among the underprivileged kids of the city. Children from nearby villages joined Christmas celebrations, enjoying a day of games, singing and dancing. College students said there could be no better way of remembering Jesus than making underprivileged children smile. Group executive director Gurkirat Singh said, \"It is a great experience for all of us to be among these children. As an institute, we are trying to make people bring about a positive change.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17728468", "title": "Delhi gang rape: Prohibitory orders clamped, protesters defy police", "text": "NEW DELHI: Hours after police evacuated demonstrators from Raisina Hills and Sonia Gandhi's residence, high drama was witnessed at India Gate today when protestors resisted police attempts to detain them for defying prohibitory orders to protest against the gang rape of a young girl.The protesters assembled near the war memorial from 9am when they were asked to vacate the location by the police which said the area was under Section 144 of CrPC which bans the assembly of four or more persons. As the protesters remained defiant, police forcibly removed them from the spot.Some of the protesters tried to get out of the police van but were pushed back into the vehicle. Later, the protesters also punctured the tyres of the bus which was carrying them while a group of girls lay down infront of it. Women protesters alleged that they were manhandled by male police personnel though women police were present at the spot.\"We are here to protest a heinous crime. We have the right to protest,\" said Pushpa, a Nepali national, who is pursuing studies here.Earlier in the morning, the police evacuated a number of protesters from area of Raisina Hills, where Rashtrapati Bhavan and key government offices are located, and outside Congress chief Sonia Gandhi's 10, Janpath residence where they had stayed put since last night to protest against the gang-rape of the 23-year-old girl on Sunday last.The protesters, most of them students, who spent a chilly night in the open after they fought pitched battles with the police throughout the day yesterday at Raisina Hills, were taken into a bus in an early morning operation. Outside Gandhi's residence also, protesters were taken into custody.A large number of police men were deployed and Raisina Hills and Rajpath were barricaded. Eight metro stations near India Gate and Raisina Hills were closed as part of police preparations to contain the agitation.The police clamped prohibitory orders in New Delhi district and asked protesters to stage demonstrations either at Jantar Mantar or Ramlila Maidan.A Delhi Police statement said, \"Protestors may go to Ramlila Maidan or Jantar Mantar. Traffic has been diverted from Vijay Chowk and Rajpath.\"It said prohibitory orders under section 144 of CrPC have been issued in New Delhi area except Jantar Mantar.Anticipating more protests on the gang rape issue, eight Delhi Metro stations near Raisina Hill and India Gate were also closed for public.Last night, it was decided to close four stations \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Patel Chowk, Central Secretariat, Udyog Bhawan and Race Course \u00e2\u20ac\u201d but this morning it was extended to four more \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Barakhamba Road, Mandi House, Khan Market and Pragati Maidan.Though the commuters were less in the morning it being on Sunday, the few who chose to take the metro to reach these destinations were put to hardship as they unaware of the announcement made late last night by DMRC.Delhi Metro's decision came on the directions of the Delhi Police. The stations will remain closed till further orders.\"The stations will remain closed till DMRC gets further orders from the Delhi Police. All the four stations are close to India Gate. However, interchange will be allowed at Central Secretariat station,\" DMRC officials said.The police move came a day after thousands of youths clashed with the police at Raisina Hills protesting against the gang-rape and demanding speedy punishment to the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17725606", "title": "Upamanyu Dutta maintains good form", "text": "MUMBAI: With the 420 Dingy Class title in the kitty, Upamanyu Dutta continued his good form by winning the first race of the 4.7 Laser Class at the Festival of Sails held at the South of Oyster Rock, Colaba on Saturday.The 16-year-old was simply uncatchable as he finished way ahead of others to completely dominate the race. Despite a slow start, the youngster capitalised after getting used to the windy conditions. Once he got the lead at the half-way mark, he didn't let anyone get ahead of him. At the finish line, he extended a huge lead to finish first.He was followed by Vishnu Saravanan and Vir Menon, who finished in second and third position, respectively. The surprise fourth position was bagged by Vir's younger sister Avanti , who is no more than 13 years of age.All the classes including 4.7 will see in total ten races and the sailor with least penalty points wins the title. It would be interesting to see if Dutta can maintain his consistency.In the Standard Laser Class, Gajender Singh finished ahead of teammate Dharmender Singh to start his campaign on a bright note. They were closely followed by Kuldeep Pandey in the third place. The trio made a clean sweep to keep the Army Yatching Node (AYN) flag flying high.In the Radial Laser Class, AYN's Ramesh Kumar capitalized on a good start to finish first. He was followed by Nanda Raikwar and Bikram Mohapatra. Interestingly, Nanda is the only female participant in the category. The entire Laser Class saw as many as 77 Sailors participating from all over IndiaFinal results: Standard Class: 1 Gajender Singh, 2 Dharmender Singh, 3 Kuldeep Pandey, 4 Gitesh, 5 Virender Singh. Radial Class: 1 Ramesh Kumar 2 Nanda Raikwar 3 Bikram Mohapatra, 4 Abhimanyu Panwar, Deelip Kumar. 4.7 Class: 1 Upamanyu Dutta 2 Vishnu Saravanan 3 Vir Menon 4 Avani Menon 5) Ravindhar Murali.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17726687", "title": "Action replay: Staging protest against inaction", "text": "More than a fortnight after a woman driving a car was allegedly slapped and pushed by a traffic constable and heckled by an unruly mob even as the cop looked on, the city police are yet to lift a finger on the victim's complaint. But women and activists of the city showed solidarity to the playwright, Manipuri playwright Swar Thounoujam 32, who has made Bangalore her home. On Saturday evening, some of them attempted to remind the guardians of law and the general public of the insensitivities the victim confronted in the public sphere. Swar's supporters invoked theatre to see if they could shake the conscience of the police and the men on the city roads. The venue they chose was the spot where Swar was heckled and verbally abused by the mob near Netkallappa Circle, DVG Road, Bangalore late in the night of December 5, 2012. Unmindful of the busy traffic, a group of young persons arrived on the scene, beating steel plates with ladles and shouting slogans against police action . The activists spoke in the colloquial language of police to drive home the insensitivity that ails the force. The novel protest was held before the four traffic islands around the Netkallappa Circle and in front of Uphara Darshini. Activists of Janawadi Mahila Sanghatane were part of the protest. The police dialogues, in English and Kannada, included among other things \"Madam, no reported cases. Bangalore is safe for women. You didn't take any below the belt pictures? You can't expect police to act like IPS officers..... Madam, he did not have bad moral intentions behind touching you\" .NIGHT OF DECEMBER 5Swar Thounoujam was driving her car when a motorbike rear-ended her car at the signal of Netkallappa Circle, DVG Road. The biker got into an argument with her and a huge crowd gathered at the spot. Here are excerpts from Swar Thounaojam's complaint: I saw a traffic constable standing across the road and called him. Instead of helping (me), he started shouting at me and pushed me hard, touching my arms, shoulders and back in a very rough manner. The policeman asked me to park my car in a corner. While I was parking the car, the two-wheeler rider was about to escape... I myself stopped the two-wheeler rider from escaping... The policeman physically dragged me and punched me in my arms and threw me away from the bike. Very soon a crowd of around 30-40 men had surrounded me and made sexual gestures at me... ... I started taking pictures with my mobile phone and they all laughed telling me that they would take off their clothes for me.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "17724329", "title": "Woman stripped and battered in Tripura village", "text": "AGARTALA: At a time when the entire nation is up in arms against the Delhi gang-rape incident, a 37-year-old woman has been stripped and battered in full public view by some youths at Rangapania village of Bishalgarh, about 30 km from Agartala.On Thursday, eight youths of the village tied the woman to a tree and assaulted her. Two women were also part of this gang.The victim alleged that her husband instigated the youths to outrage her modesty because she had refused to bring money from her parents. Police said the victim got married to Samir Kar 9 years ago and they have a 3-year-old daughter.A local court on Saturday sent seven accused of the incident to 15 days judicial custody and asked police to arrest the main accused - the husband of the victim.\"I was tortured by my husband and in-laws for dowry. I brought more than Rs 2 lakh from my parents over the years. After I gave birth to a girl, the atrocities increased as they didn't want a girl child,\" the victim told police.She said she had been objecting to the atrocities of late which made her husband angry and he masterminded this heinous plan to outrage her modesty. Based on the victim's complaint, police immediately swung into action and arrested seven of them. Three more accused - Samir and two other women - are still absconding.Crime against women in Tripura is escalating over the years. On an average, 19 women are being raped and at least 10 brides get killed in the state every month. At least one rape case is reported in every two days in Tripura.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17726210", "title": "No water shortage in Salcete, Mormugao", "text": "MARGAO: Emergency repair work on a major pump at the Selaulim water treatment plant (WTP) was carried out late on Friday night, to ensure that there's no water shortage in Salcete and Mormugao.It maybe recalled that on Friday, the executive engineer, works division IX, stated that Salcete and Mormugao talukas received restricted water supply due to a sudden break down of a pump at the Selaulim WTP and the damage could have restricted water supply to the entire talukas till December 23.After an emergency meeting convened by the district collector, the department went into overdrive and rectified the fault which had caused the shortage of water supply.\"The bearing was fixed and the PWD superintendent engineer has told me that water supply was restored to normalcy,\" said South Goa collector N D Agarwal, speaking to TOI on Saturday. Now, the only problem which could disrupt water supply is a major power breakdown for five to six hours or a breakdown of the Selaulim water pipeline, said an official, and stated that while the pumping operations stopped for a few hours, the situation was under control and operations had resumed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17726802", "title": "Call for justice on social media brought them together to fight for cause", "text": "They contacted each other through various social networking sites. The call was short but powerful, asking friends, friends of friends and all others to protest at India Gate on Saturday. The gang rape of Nirbhaya (as TOI has symbolically named the victim) had infuriated the youth across the country. A text message, phone call or an online message was enough to turn the call viral.As chaos reigned at Raisina Hill, where protesters were repeatedly lathi-charged by police, Kushan, a resident of east Delhi, sat silently at a nearby spot. Along with him sat a group of 20 people who were complete strangers to each other.\"We were protesting near the barricades before this when cops charged at us. We did not plan to budge from here but now we will continue sitting here till the government takes some concrete action,\" said Kushan.\"We do not know each other but,\" he added looking around, \"we all know what brings us together\". The feeling was not unique to Kushan. With Facebook, Twitter and Blackberry messengers flooding with good wishes for Nirbhaya and information on the protests being held at India Gate, people from all walks of life came in small groups to form a sea of thousands of protesters.\"I was informed about the protest at India Gate through an SMS. So my friends and I decided to come here to demand a safe city,\" said Tarandeep, a resident of Noida.Sunita Mewati, another protester, reached Rashtrapati Bhavan after her 14-year-old daughter insisted.\"It was announced in my daughter's school that a protest was being held at Rashtrapati Bhavan. She wanted to come, so the entire family joined,\" said Sunita.The message also spread by word of mouth. Deigo Pitarch, a Spaniard who has been visiting India since last week, came because his friends urged him to join the cause. \"This is not only India's problem. It is an international problem. I really like how everyone is taking up this cause,\" said Pitarch.The word-of-mouth information has played a big role when protesters gathered at India Gate started before moving towards Rashtrapati Bhavan where cops had already lathi-charged the crowd twice since the morning.\"We were at India Gate when my friends called me up and asked me to join them at Raisina Hill,\" said Pushkina Nautiyal, a student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "17729903", "title": "11 militants surrender in Tripura", "text": "AGARTALA: Eleven National Liberation Front of Tripura (NLFT) militants have surrendered to security forces in Tripura, police said Sunday.They included the outfit's self-styled area commander Suran Debbarma.\"The extremists sneaked into Indian territory from Bangladesh before surrendering to the BSF ( Border Security Force) Saturday night,\" a police spokesperson told reporters here.The guerrillas crossed the border at Karbook, 125 km from here, taking advantage of the mountainous terrain.Debbarma led the state's biggest massacre of 21 Tripura State Rifles troopers Aug 20, 2002 at Hirapur in western Tripura. He was wanted for many crimes including killings, the police official said.Police said the men, who fled their camps in Chittagong Hill Tracts in Bangladesh last week, also surrendered some arms and ammunition, including AK series rifles. The BSF is interrogating them.Tripura's two banned groups -- NLFT and All Tripura Tiger Force -- have set up bases in Bangladesh.Tripura shares an 856-km-long border with Bangladesh, some of it unfenced and running through dense forests, making it porous and vulnerable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17726644", "title": "Crib &amp; carols bring beauty to Yuletide", "text": "The skywalk at Santa Cruz afforded a welcoming sight of Christmas on Saturday. The balcony of an old apartment along S V Road had two stocky snowmen , made from cotton , along with a giant Christmas tree. Below the skywalk , the Willingdon fair price shop was swarming with people buying marzipan , cake and jujubes for the biggest festival of the Christian calendar . Each year , the Sacred Heart Church in the neighbourhood prepares the holy crib facing the road , offering comfort and hope to all those who pass by or enter its shade .The Mobai Gaothan Panchayat has announced its annual Christmas competitions where it awards prizes to three best decorated gaothans and cribs . Each year , East Indian villages across the city put on their best show for this awaited event .Churches of all denominations , be it the Catholic Church , the Church of North India , Methodist, New Life, Syrian Catholic or Wesleyan , are gearing up for Tuesday . All are bedecked with fairy lights and stars to herald the Saviour of mankind whose arrival signals the start of the English calendar . Pulpits and statues have been cleaned and pews polished , and now , all that remains is for the carol singers to walk in on Monday night and bring joy to the world .TOI received a first glimpse into the celebrations at prominent shrines and places of worship across Mumbai and Thane . Parish priests and local youth of Catholic churches everywhere are making sure to carry forward the message of Pope Benedict XVI who has declared 2012-13 as the Year of Faith .Gloria church, BycullaA proud Christmas for Gloria Church that steps into its centenary year. \"The present structure was inaugurated on November 10, 1913, so we have planned a series of special programmes through to November 2013. The cardinal, bishops and several religious leaders will arrive to celebrate the special mass,\" said parish priest Fr Rocky BanzOur Lady Of Fatima, VidyaviharPriests have decided to fi nish midnight mass early. Although the church could observe mass at 12am, it chooses to do so at 10.30pmSt John The Baptist Church, ThaneMass is scheduled for 10.30pm on Dec 24 followed by four services on Christmas Day from 6am to 9.15amSt Peter's Church, BandraThe grand old church of Bandra is celebrating the 160th anniversary of the parish and the 150th year of its school. Midnight mass will be celebrated around 10.30pm on December 24. Morning mass will be held every hour from 6am to 10amSt Michael's Church, MahimParish priest Fr Salvador Rodrigues is spending Christmas in hospital due to an accident. On Christmas Eve, a carol-singing session will take place around 11.30pm followed by midnight massSt Afghan Church, ColabaThe church has few old-time parishioners left owing to migration from Colaba. It is an integral affiliate of the Church of North India. Midnight service inside the heritage structure will be enhanced by the 'Wild Voices Choir' that is performing for the tenth consecutive year. The church is a war memorial raised to honour those who fell by sickness and swordMount Mary Basilica, BandraEvery Christian and non-Christian who attends midnight mass knows that true magic unfolds only as the clock strikes twelve. \"Churches that hold the service outdoors do so around 10pm to 10.30pm in order to wrap up by the 12am deadline. Thankfully our mass is held indoors so we start at midnight. That is why hundreds of people from all parts of Mumbai arrive here on Christmas Eve,\" said parish priest Fr Nereus RodriguesHoly Name Cathedral or Wodehouse Church, ColabaAn air of solemnity and reverence settles in as Oswald Cardinal Gracias, archbishop of Bombay, administers midnight mass at Holy Name Cathedral. This year too, the celebration will be held at 10pm on Christmas Eve.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17724971", "title": "Harassed by sarpanch kin, woman ends life", "text": "BHOPAL: Unable to face harassment, a 31-year-old woman committed suicide at Limboda village of Rajgarh district on Saturday. The deceased was allegedly being harassed by two persons and one of them had tried to outrage her modesty last month.Kaushalya -a mother of two\u00e2\u20ac\u201dconsumed poison in the afternoon, said the police, adding she was rushed to the Rajgarh district hospital, where doctors declared her dead after a couple of hours.The woman has left a suicide note, wherein she has accused Ramswaroop, the son of a former sarpanch and his friend Radheyshyam, of harassing her. The suicide note is yet to be recovered from her husband, Asha Mathur, deputy inspector general (DIG), told TOI. On November 25, the victim had lodged a complaint with the Khujner police station alleging that Ramswaroop tried to outrage her modesty when she was sweeping the courtyard of her house. An FIR under sections 354 (attempt at outraging modesty) and 506 (intimidation) was registered against Ramswaroop. He was arrested on November 27. He was granted bail on November 29.Police also said there was no complaint from the victim or her family since then. A suicide note was apparently kept in her blouse, but it would be confiscated only in the presence of a magistrate on Sunday, said the police.The brother of deceased, who lives in Indore, has requested the police to conduct the post-mortem in his presence. \"Considering his family's request, the autopsy has been scheduled for Sunday,\" the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17726677", "title": "Champions don't dwell on poor performances", "text": "With Sachin Tendulkar's slump in form turning into a nationally-debated issue, there are calls for him to reassess his career and goals. While such criticism can have a detrimental effect on most athletes, renowned sports psychologist Chaitanya Sridhar explains how Tendulkar's mental toughness has helped him maintain his sanity.A former Sports Authority of India (SAI) employee, Sridhar analyzes what the Little Master must be going through and lists out what athletes can do to overcome difficult times.Calls for Sachin Tendulkar's retirement have gotten louder. Based on your experience of working with sporting professionals, what do you think is going on in his mind?To be honest, I don't blame Tendulkar for his flat performance. Which player does not go through a slump in form? Rather than asking why he isn't retiring, it would be better to focus on why he's playing.No one becomes a champion dwelling on poor performances and self-doubt. Tendulkar has handled this many times before and he still can if he focuses on the here and now, blocks out distractions and expectations. No athlete would like to be in the position that Tendulkar is currently in. Having been in international cricket for over two decades, he will understand this schizophrenic love hate relationship Indian fans and the country have towards their stars.Tendulkar is, undoubtedly, one of the most mentally tough players. Yet, every player has a vision and that keeps changing with each milestone. Looking back on how he has dealt with pressure innumerable times will surely help him bounce back. He will retire when he feels it's time and after he has achieved what he has set his mind on, so debate about him quitting seems futile. I remember Steve Waugh once saying that Tendulkar thrives on pressure and it was better to leave him alone rather than sledge him.Extreme criticism on multiple media platforms is bound to have a detrimental effect on an athlete's psyche...Any player would be affected by the amount of one-sided negativity aimed at him or her. Our cricketers have been groomed to deal and handle this kind of mental bashing. Most players avoid reading or facing news that harps on negativity and poor performance. It's humanly impossible to live-up to the kind of expectations Tendulkar faces but he has succeeded on most occasions.Could you explain the negative impact of self-doubt, lack of self-esteem and other issues Tendulkar or other professional athletes face during difficult times in their careers?A slump in form is bound to affect one's confidence and esteem but that happens more in the initial phase. Why do some people crumble under pressure while others perform? The same athlete may be able to deal with pressure adequately at one point and fail terribly at another point of his or her career. For an athlete, it's a matter of time and a little patience along with the right focus to get back on track again.How fast they do so depends on the athlete's mental frame, physical health and support network. Over-thinking or working worsens the situation. Anil Kumble rightly said Tendulkar needs his emotional space to deal with his poor form. The least we can do to a man who has contributed immensely to Indian cricket is to let him decide in peace when he wishes to bid adieu to the game.Is it possible that Sachin, like all athletes in the twilight of their career, is in denial?It is always tough to call it quits, to get the timing right, especially considering the shelf-life of sports people. Yet, as every great player has said, I think most of them know when their time is up and it's better to contribute to the game in some other way. Yes, there could be denial to some extent, but not for long. With Tendulkar, a lot of factors would be playing on his mind. Perhaps 'what next' could be a bigger question in his mind than being in denial.More than concerns with the future, he would find it hard to find a replacement to cricket. His non-quitting may come more from this perspective than being in a denial. The nation asking why he is still playing, I feel, is insensitive and unwarranted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17725700", "title": "Palghar Facebook row: Court notice to Sena complainant", "text": "MUMBAI: The Palghar sessions court on Friday issued a notice to the Facebook comment case complainant, the Shiv Sena's local unit head Bhushan Sankhe, to respond to the C-summary report filed by the police. On November 18, Sankhe registered an FIR against Shaheen Dhada and Rinu Srinivasan (both 21) for posting and liking a comment on Facebook lamenting the shutdown of Mumbai for Bal Thackeray's funeral.The two women were arrested and charged under Indian Penal Code (IPC) sections 295(A) and 505(2) for trying to promote hatred or ill-will between different groups and sending a grossly offensive or menacing message through a communication device.The court has not given a time frame to the complainant to respond. Sankhe told TOI he is yet to receive the notice.On Tuesday, Boisar sub-divisional police officer Vijaykant Sagar moved the court under Section 169 of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC) to grant a C-summary to close the criminal case against Shaheen and Rinu on the grounds that it \"is neither true nor false\". In its report, the police concluded the FIR was the outcome of a \"misunderstanding in the minds of the Sainiks\" and there was no evidence against the women.Sources said the Sena's Palghar unit is consulting its lawyers on the notice. Legal experts said Sankhe has the option of filing a protest petition against the C-summary report or seek further probe under Section 156 (3) of the CrPC.Meanwhile, Shaheen and Rinu interacted with students and faculty of IIM-Ahmedabad on December 21 and 22.30 held so far for vandalizing hospitalThe police have so far arrested 30 men for allegedly vanda8lizing Shaheen Dhada's uncle's hosp8ital in Palghar on November 18. The 20 men arrested since Tues8day were booked under the Maharashtra Medical Service InstitutionAct, 2010 and IPC sections 143 (unlawful assembly), 147 (rioting), 336 (act endangering life or personal safety), 427(mischief causing damage), 451 (trespassing). They were released on bail on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17726901", "title": "Meritorious students to be honoured", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Jwala Devi Saraswati Vidya Mandir will honour students who have excelled in High School and Intermediate examinations, at a function under the aegis of Rajendra Singh Shiksha Prasar Samiti on Monday.Principal, Pradeep Kumar Tripathi said former national president of Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) Rajnath Singh would felicitate students and their parents along with teachers and principal of the school concerned.He said teachers and students of High School and Intermediate who have performed well in 2012 board examinations from schools affiliated with Vidya Bharti from Allahabad and Kashi region have been selected for the honour.He added that it was an annual feature of the samiti to encourage students from the region to bag top positions in the public school examinations in their respective school/college.National co-organisational secretary Vidya Bharti Akhil Bhartiya Shiksha Sansathan will also attend the function to be presided over by national secretary Shiv Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17726229", "title": "New water sport at Pilikula", "text": "MANGALORE: Aqua Zorb ball (AZB), a water sport, was inaugurated at Pilikula Nisargadhama near here on a trial basis on Friday.AZB was developed by Fun 360. E Fernandez, director of Four Winds, a sister concern of Fun 360, said, \"AZB water sport is a favourite among tourists across the world. It is a 7-feet long ball made of imported thickening clear polyether TPU material with high strength and non-toxicity. After people enter the transparent ball it is zipped from outside. The air is filled in it. The ball is made to float in the water and people can run, walk or stretch out in it. The ball can take a load between 150 Kg and 500 kg. A ride will take 10-15 minutes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17724973", "title": "Victim is battered but not broken, say doctors", "text": "NEW DELHI: The psychiatrists at Safdarjung Hospital have said that 23-year-old Nirbhaya (as TOI has symbolically named the victim) is \"psychologically composed\". Doctors have started psychiatric analysis of her six days after the attack.\"We have done her psychiatric profiling. Despite the brutal sexual assault she is psychologically composed. She is optimistic about her future. We have adopted a sensitive approach. We didn't talk about the incident. We asked her routine questions. Psychologically, she is extraordinarily stable and positive. There is no doubt she is a very brave girl,\" said Abhilasha Yadav, a psychiatrist at Safdarjung Hospital.While Nirbhaya is optimistic about her future, her doctors are worried about the spread of infection in her body. \"From 60,000, her platelets dropped to 20,000 on Saturday. Also, her bilirubin level has increased from 5 to 5.9. This indicates manifestation of septicaemia in her body. We have administered four platelet rich plasmas on Saturday to increase her platelet levels,\" said Dr B D Athani, medical superintendent, Safdarjung Hospital.On Saturday, she was given water. \"She wanted to have water. She is talking now. Till yesterday (Friday), we had kept her on oxygen support, but today, the quantity of oxygen supply has been further reduced,\" said Dr Athani. Though her white blood cell count has increased from 1,500 to 2,600 doctors say it is much below the expected levels, which is 6,000. Sources say she was given apple juice through the tube which is attached to her neck.Nirbhaya's younger brother said, \"She wrote the statement which was given to police. She is talking about everything else except that day. We are also not asking her to recall what happened that day. We don't want her to slip into depression.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17725467", "title": "Khan, Zondo hold up Knights' victory bid", "text": "MUMBAI: Contrasting innings from Imraan Khan and Khaya Zondo gave the Sunfoil Dolphins something of a lifeline in their Sunfoil Series match against the Chevrolet Knights, at Bloemfontein, on Saturday.Innings of 90 from Khan and an unbeaten 53 from Zondo have seen the Sunfoil Dolphins survive the third day, but they still trail by 25 with only five wickets in hand going into the final day, leaving the home team overwhelming favourites to complete victory sooner rather than later in the day. The day started with the Chevrolet Knights still occupying the crease. Shadley van Schalkwyk was eventually the last to go for 80, made off 127 balls with 19 fours and a six, while Malusi Siboto was unbeaten on 41.They frustrated the Sunfoil Dolphins for another ten overs, taking their partnership to 104 before Smit's catch in the outfield at last ended the innings. Kyle Abbott was unable to add to his tally of four wickets, and the final scalp went the way of another part-time bowler in Khan. Daryn Smith finished with two wickets in the not unaccustomed role of leg spinner.This completed a remarkable turnaround in the fortunes of the Knights, who had been in dire straits on the second day on 108 for six before Johan van der Wath led a remarkable recovery. From that position, 390 runs were added, turning a deficit of 113 into a lead of 277. Although the Sunfoil Dolphins made a brisk start in their second innings, Siboto and Van der Wath made early strikes.Had Vaughn van Jaarsveld been caught on four as Rudi Second missed a chance behind the stumps the Sunfoil Dolphins would have been in deep trouble at 28 for three, but Van Jaarsveld and Khan were able to fight back with a partnership of 104 either side of lunch. The former went for 40 and Khan followed on 90, made off 124 balls with 14 boundaries.That left the Dolphins still 122 runs behind with just six wickets in hand. Khaya Zondo then dropped anchor. By the close he had reached 53 in a marathon innings of 151 balls. He took 137 balls to reach his half-century in contrast to Khan's 69. However, he was determined to give nothing away, and added 54 in 24 overs with Cody Chetty as the Sunfoil Dolphins slowly ate into the deficit.The partnership ended in unfortunate manner when Chetty played the ball to backward point and set off for the run. Zondo sent him back, but Chetty could not beat Werner Coetsee's accurate throw. Smit joined Zondo, and the pair saw off the last 18 overs of the day, adding another 43 runs. Siboto was the best of the bowlers with two for 59, but was also the most expensive. Van der Wath and Van Schalkwyk followed their good batting with a wicket apiece.Bonus points: Knights 9.38, Dolphins 5.42", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17725760", "title": "Mumbai police has very few women in its ranks", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai police doesn't have enough women in its ranks.According to a state government order, the police force in a city like Mumbai should comprise 30% women but it has less than 10% women.Figures available with TOI show there are only 3,343 women cops in the 44,994-strong police force while there should ideally be around 13,500. The need for the presence of more policewomen is acutely felt when it comes to protecting and interrogating women. Police say that over 10,000 vacancies for women constables are filled by men due to the dearth of eligible women candidates. They claim that women who appear for the exam are either physically unfit and/or unable to pass the written exam. Procedures for recruitment of men and women in the police are the same, women too have to participate in ball throw, running and other exercises as their male counterparts. Among the officer level (sub-inspector and above) there are only 193 women, while there are 5,309 male officers.After the attack on a female chartered accountant student in broad daylight in Dadar last week, several women's groups and NGOs have demanded that the number of women in the police department be increased. Last week, a decision was taken to increase the number of policewomen at all vulnerable points and more women are now being transferred to police stations.Activists perceive the presence of women cops as crucial in dealing with gender-based violence. \"The presence of women cops is useful. While it's not that they are more sensitive than male cops, women victims would have a level of comfort talking to a woman constable. It would encourage more women to come out and complain,\" says Chayanika Shah of the Forum Against Oppression of Women.Gender experts say the common refrain that women aren't eligible for police jobs is merely a failure of the system to be more inclusive. Haseena Khan of the Awaz-e-Niwas says police stations themselves lack sexual harassment cells. She believes sensitization of the existing force is as crucial as initiating more women cops into the force. \"This is essential to create a comforting atmosphere for women victims.\"(With inputs by Madhavi Rajadhyaksha)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17726018", "title": "CCTV cameras in public places within 3 months, says state government", "text": "PUNE: The state government has promised to install CCTV cameras in important public places in Pune and Pimpri Chinchwad within three months.City MLC Deepti Chawadary had raised the question in the state legislative council early this week. \"The government in a written statement tabled on the floor of the House has assured that the installation of CCTV cameras will be completed within three months\" said Chawadary in a press statement.In a written reply, the government said it has started the tendering process for installation and maintenance of 24x7 CCTV cameras at public places. The process was delayed because the state has some problems with the tenders. The tenders received had vast difference in the amount quoted for the installation. There was discrepancy that needed scrutiny. As Mumbai tender was delayed, others too were delayed, said the statement.The state government said it will install CCTV cameras using its own funds and there is no need for MLAs, MLCs and MPs to divert their development funds for the purpose. Local MLAs and MLCs had earlier volunteered to contribute funds for the purpose. A proposal to install 1,000 CCTV cameras in Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad was mooted by the Pune police following blasts on JM Road on August 1.Meanwhile, the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) and other government agencies have decided to integrate the closed circuit television network in the city. As per the PMC's plan, having a single control room for all cameras will help maintain proper vigil throughout the city. At present, the civic administration has a network of around 40 cameras which were installed using MLA and MP funds. A combined network will be set up with the old and new cameras.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17726434", "title": "Roy Naik frequented Atala: CBI", "text": "PANAJI: The CBI has confirmed that Lucky Farmhouse, the former girlfriend of alleged Israeli drug dealer Yaniv Benaim alias Atala, has stated that Roy Naik had been frequenting Atala, the main accused in the police-drug mafia nexus case.CBI SP Prem Kumar told STOI, \"We have received the English translation of Lucky's statement and Roy Naik's name is in the statement.\" Though when the case first broke out in 2010, Roy Naik was being linked to former state home minister Ravi Naik who has a son by the same name, when asked specifically about this, Kumar said, \"There is no mention of home minister in the statement.\"Sources said Farmhouse has mentioned that Roy used to visit Atala before the drug nexus racket was busted. They added that of the 23 pages, 20 are in Swedish, the rest in English.CBI had issued a letter rogatory to Swedish authorities to record Farmhouse's statement, after her exposure of Atala's links with the Goa police and her claims that a local politician's son was involved led to an uproar in the state, a court case and a CBI inquiry.A model by profession, Farmhouse used a spycam to expose her former boyfriend's links with Goa police personnel. The recordings were uploaded on a video-sharing site and led to the arrest of Atala and six policemen of the anti-narcotics cell (ANC) in March 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17726919", "title": "Parenting key to changing attitude towards women: Psychiatrist Sudhir Bhave", "text": "NAGPUR: Keeping all channels of communication open with children, especially girls, discussions and sharing can to some extent bring about a change in attitude towards women .Senior psychiatrist Dr Sudhir Bhave classifies families into three types - the first one a completely orthodox family, second a middle-class family trying to surpass boundaries of orthodoxy but not completely liberated, and the third a very forward-looking family.In the orthodox family, sexuality is never even discussed. It's seen as something very offensive. It's not that parents are not aware of the reality. But men or even both parents are simply not comfortable with any discussions. In a middle-class family, there is a half-hearted effort to discuss and remain more friendly. In forward looking families, sexuality is discussed even at the dinner table.\"I personally feel that sexuality and sex education should start from very young age, just 4-5 years, in a manner that will remove the feeling of embarrassment from everyone's minds. Parenting holds the key to finding solutions to many problems. It is a model that is passed from generations to generations,\" said DR Bhave stressing that men's attitude will change with right parenting.Dr Bhave doesn't think media is influencing the behaviour of men. \"Harassment from men has always been there in different forms. Blaming media has become fashionable. Media usually reflects the realities in society. At the most, it can act as a catalyst by giving ideas to men for committing crimes like rape and murder,\" he said.The truth is capital punishment is not a deterrent for a rapist. \"I personally feel that death penalty is too soft a punishment for a rapist. It is an easy let off. The punishment should be severe enough not to kill a man but yet take life out of him,\" said Dr Bhave.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17725285", "title": "Goods train derails near Dadri", "text": "LUCKNOW: Movement of several trains on Lucknow-Kanpur route, including 12003/12004 Lucknow-New Delhi Swarn Shatabdi was affected on Saturday due to derailment of four wagons of a goods train at Dadri during early morning hours. As a result, many trains were either cancelled or diverted.Train number 12419/12420 New Delhi-Lucknow Gomti Express and 12033/12034 New Delhi-Kanpur Shatabdi Express were cancelled. Train number 12004 New Delhi-Lucknow Swarn Shatabdi Express has been diverted via New Delhi-Hapur-Khurja-Aligarh-Lucknow. The train arrived late by more than four hours at Lucknow station. The other long-distance trains which were cancelled included 12393 Rajendranagar-New Delhi SK Express, 12488 Anand Vihar-Jogbani Seemanchal Express, 14006 Anand Vihar- Sitamarhi Lichchavi Express and 04031/04032 Delhi Jn.-Chandigarh Express. What added to the passengers' woes was the impact of fog on trains which delayed the movement of prominent trains from Lucknow by several hours.Train number 12003 Lucknow-New Delhi Swarn Shatabdi Express departed at 5.25 pm, about two hours behind schedule. Others trains which ran late were 13484 New Delhi-Malda Town Farakka Express late by more than seven hours, 11123 Barauni-Gwalior Mail and 15654 Amarnath Express delayed by more than four hours, 12180 Agra Cantt.-Lucknow Junction Agra intercity was late by about three hours. Similarly, 12875 Puri-New Delhi Neelanchal Express, 13005 Howrah-Amritsar Punjab Mail, 19053 Surat-Muzaffarpur Express and 13049 Howrah-Amritsar duplicate Punjab Express were late by more than two hours due to fog. Train number 19409 Ahmedabad-Gorakhpur Express and 13009 Howrah-Dehradun Doon Express were late by more than an hour.Meanwhile, other trains which were diverted due to derailment were 18102 Jharkhand-Tatanagar Muri Express, 12312 Kalka-Howrah Kalka Mail, 15484 Delhi Jn.-Alipurdwar Mahananda Express, 12555 Gorakhpur-Hisar Gorakhdham Express and 14723 Kanpur Central-Bhiwani Kalindi Express trains were diverted to run via Ghaziabad-Hapur-Khurja. The 12826 New Delhi-Ranchi Jharkhand SK Express, 12816 New Delhi-Puri Nandan Kanan Express, 12506 Anand Vihar-Guwahati NE Express, 12417 Allahabad-New Delhi Prayagraj Express, 12565 Darbhanga-New Delhi Bihar SK Express, 12801 Puri-New Delhi Purushottam Express and 14055 Dibrugarh-Delhi Jn. Brahmaputra mail were diverted to run via Palwal-Agra-Tundla.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17727047", "title": "Strike leaves railway platforms in a mess", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur railway station platforms were littered with waste on Saturday after the workers engaged by the firm given charge to keep the premises clean struck work. Initially, the railway authorities were caught off-guard by this sudden move but soon pressed its own workers into service to avoid inconvenience to the passengers.\"The job of maintaining cleanliness on platforms had been outsourced to a firm Kalpataru . There seems to be some dispute between its workers and the management because of which the former went on strike. But we have the situation under control,\" said Central Railway PRO PD Patil.According to the workers, their company has repeatedly failed to release their salaries on time. \"Our payday falls between 1 and 10 of every month, but we get the payment very late. This has been going on for the last many months, which has led to financial problems for us,\" said Rajkumar Karihar, a worker.He said the strike started on Friday evening and will continue unless the company releases their salary and promises to disburse it on time every month. Meanwhile, the railways has written to the company on the issue. \"The management says the problem will be resolved and the work will be back on track by Monday,\" said Patil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17725910", "title": "Detection branch faces heat over spate of house break-ins", "text": "AURANGABAD: Taking a serious note of the daylight house break-ins in the past three days, deputy commissioner of police Somnath Gharge took the detection branch (DB) of city police to task on Saturday and announced that henceforth the DB will work on 'perform or perish' formula.Calling a meeting of the detection branch sleuths at the commissionorate conference hall, DCP Gharge termed the burglaries as a 'challenge' for the city police and asked the DB teams attached to all police stations to reactivate their sources and nab the accused.Members of the detection branch team present at the meeting said, \"The DCP has stated that while the performers will be awarded for nabbing the criminals, those who fail to solve the crimes will have to face the music and will be transferred from the detection branch team.\" that the DCP Gharge has stated that, henceforth the DB teams will be working on 'Perform or perish' formula and the performers will be awarded, while the ones in whose areas crime are committed and remain unsolved will face the music and will be transferred from the DB team.Gharge also directed the DB teams to find out the whereabouts of the burglars and criminals having previous police record and to look for the accused who have been recently released on bail.The city has remained under the siege of daylight burglaries since three days now. On December 18, thieves broke into a house in Shahbazar and Pundliknagar areas and fled away with 34 and 20 grams of gold jewelleries respectively. The following day on December 19, burglars targeted the house of a vet and fled away with 260 grams of gold. On December 20, one more house was struck in Kamgar Chowk N-2 and gold ornaments weighing 310 grams were robbed, while on December 21 the burglars broke into a flat in Chetna Nagar and fled away with 135 grams of gold. Interestingly, in all the cases, the thieves broke into the houses soon after the residents went out locking their house.Speaking to TOI, DCP Gharge said, \"There is a great similarity in the house break-ins committed in the last three days and after studying their modus operandi I feel the thieves are professionals who are committing daylight house break-ins on the lines of dacoits and robbers. As part of our initiative to put an end to the series of burglaries being committed at the up market localities in the city we have asked the police teams to start using section 109 of IPC and section 122 of Bombay police act.\"\"Earlier marshals used to keep an entry book, which they were asked to sign only during their visit at night but now we have asked them to keep a dairy in every colony falling under their jurisdiction and start making an entry twice or thrice every day. This will make the presence of police felt in every area which is prone to burglaries,\" added Gharge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "17724371", "title": "Sindri College students join stir", "text": "SINDRI: Students of Sindri College took out a procession against the recent Delhi gang-rape incident under the banner of National Service Scheme (NSS) on Saturday.Students with placards decrying the brutal sexual assault on 23-year-old Delhi girl and demanding provision of capital punishment for the crime of rape marched from college to Sindri police station where they submitted a memorandum addressed to the Prime Minister. \"'We register our strongest protest over the Delhi gang-rape and increasing incidents of crime against women,\" said the memorandum signed by hundreds of students which also demanded legal provisions for deterrent punishment like death penalty for crime against women and fast trial of such cases.Dhanbad too is agitated over the recent gang-rape case, says another report. Various sections of society have been taking out protest marches, extending moral support to the victim and wishing her speedy recovery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17724932", "title": "Girl abducted, dumped on roadside in Vidisha district", "text": "BHOPAL: A 14-year-old girl was abducted from her house in Ahmadpur village, Vidisha, by two persons late on Friday night and dumped by roadside with her hands and legs tied. Her grandfather and mother found her lying in an unconscious state on Saturday morning. Police said medical examination of the girl - a class VII student - ruled out possibility of rape.Her family members were unaware of the abduction till around 12.30 am, when girl's mother called her up to fetch a glass of water, police said. As she didn't respond, her mother started looking for her.Not finding her in bed, she raised an alarm and started a search across the village with her grandfather and neighbours. Parents spotted the girl in an unconscious state by the roadside on Surod road with hands and legs tied, the police said.After gaining conscience, she named Kallu and Ekka's as abductors. Victim's mother later went to the police station and lodged a complaint. Medical examination of the girl was conducted, which ruled out the possibility of rape with her.Civil lines police have registered a case under sections 354, 363 and 456 of the IPC against the accused on the basis of complaint lodged by her grandfather.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17726077", "title": "Roof crash: Three sent to police custody", "text": "PUNE: The judicial magistrate first class (JMFC) court on Saturday sent the contractor, site supervisor and site engineer of the under-construction hospital building of the Bharatiya Sanskriti Darshan Trust at Kesnand near Wagholi to police custody till December 24.Twelve labourers and a site engineer were killed when the roof of the building came crashing down last Tuesday.The Lonikand police had on Friday arrested building contractor Pramod Gorhe (53) of Erandwane, site supervisor Venkatesh Jadhav (40) of Hadaspar and site engineer Makarand Kulkarni (38) of Kothrud under sections 304 (culpable homicide not amounting to murder), 308 (attempt to commit culpable homicide) and 34 (act done by several persons) of the Indian Penal Code.Seeking their police custody remand, the police told the court that the centering contractor of the building G A Rajegouda has gone missing after the collapse. The police wanted to know his whereabouts from the suspects. The police also told the court that custody of the suspects was necessary to investigate into the involvement of any other suspects in the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17724360", "title": "Centre, Jharkhand review Saranda Action Plan", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The Union home secretary, R K Singh on Saturday led a 12-member team to Saranda forest on a secret visit to review the progress of the ongoing Saranda Action Plan (SAP) and anti-Maoist operation Anaconda 2.The team, which included the senior most officials of the Union home ministry and state home department, spent about an hour in the scenic Thalkobad village in Mahoharpur block in Chakradharpur subdivison of the West Singhbhum about 160km from here.The team, which arrived in a chopper from the state capital on Saturday morning, revived the progress particularly of the infrastructure development projects that are a part of the Rs 250 crore SAP.The team also enquired about the status of the anti-rebel operation that is going on since it was launched in the dense Saal forest on December 9. Over 1,500 troops and officials of Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF), India Reserve Battalion (IRB), anti-Maoist force CoBRA, Jharkhand Jaguar and Jharkhand police are involved in the Anaconda 2 operation.Deputy commissioner of West Singhbhum, K Srinivasan, said, \"Union home secretary led the team, which comprised state home secretary J B Tubid among others, to Thalkobad.\"None of the top officials present at the review meeting agreed to share the details but sources present at the review meeting said the Union home secretary has directed the district administration to expedite SAP projects to ensure timely completion. \"He also asked the senior police and CRPF officials to provide adequate security support to the agencies involved in implementing the infrastructure projects in the 56 villages (that were liberated from the rebels hold following months long intensive gun battle in 2010),\" said a senior CRPF officer who was privy to the deliberations.According to sources, director general, CRPF, Panay Sahay; joint secretary in the Union home ministry, M A Ganapati; home secretary, Jharkhand, J B Tubid; state DGP, G S Rath and IG operations, S N Pradhan, among other top officials of the centre and state were present at the review meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17726485", "title": "No women takers for drivers' job, MSRTC to recruit men to fill posts", "text": "NASHIK: Having failed to find a single woman candidate for drivers' job reserved for women in the district, the Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) has decided to go ahead and recruit men to fill the available vacancies.\"The examination and selection procedure carried out by Maharashtra Knowledge Corporation Limited (MKCL) found no applications from women for posts reserved for them, as a result all 251 posts for drivers in Nashik reserved will now be replaced by men,\" officials from MSRTC informed.A 30% of the total posts are reserved for women but the condition of three years previous experience of driving heavy vehicles is a major hurdle in getting women candidates.A senior official said that the current recruitment procedure will create a waiting list of the drivers which will serve as a ready list for the recruitment process. After completing the procedures, the central office will then take a formal decision of recruiting men instead of women, for the vacant posts.\"The vacant posts will be filled by men who have already been selected and waitlisted during the current recruitment drive. No separate recruitment process is required and since it is a parallel reservation there is no issue about deserving candidates getting recruited for the posts,\" the official from MSRTC said.Considering the expansion of the city, Nashik Division had sought recruitment of 967 drivers and 900 conductors against 2,382 drivers and 2,158 conductors in Nashik Region (division) that includes five divisions - Nashik, Dhule, Jalgaon, Nandurbar and Ahmednagar.Of the 967 posts of drivers in the division, 251 posts have been reserved for women as part of 30 percent reservation, while the region has 715 posts reserved for women drivers. The recruitment process began August 7, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17725549", "title": "300 scholars get degrees sans gowns", "text": "PATNA: In a distinct departure from the practice of receiving degrees in conventional gowns at convocations, the Maulana Mazharul Haq Arabic and Persian University (MMHAPU) scholars received their coveted degrees wearing colourful 'angochas' and 'topis' over their casuals at the 2nd annual convocation here on Saturday.Altogether 300 students received degrees of Alim, Fazil, bachelor of business administration, bachelor of computer applications and bachelor of library and information science. Twenty-six of them were awarded gold medals for securing highest marks in their subjects.Governor-cum-chancellor Devanand Konwar, who was the chief guest at the convocation, recalled the valuable contributions of Maulana Mazharul Haq after whom the university is named and whose birth anniversary is celebrated this day. Maulana believed that the Hindus and Muslims of the country were in the same boat and they would sail or sink together. He had also advocated for free and compulsory primary education to all, Konwar said.The governor called upon the scholars to take inspiration from Maulana's life and contribute their might for strengthening the secular foundation of the country. They must work hard for ensuring all-round development of the country, he added.Aligarh Muslim University Arabic department's former chairman Abdul Bari and Syed Hasan, former professor of Frostburg State University, USA, were the guests of honour.MMHAPU vice-chancellor Md S Zoha, in his welcome address, urged the authorities concerned to sanction suitable plot of land and adequate funds for construction of the university's building. At present, the university is functioning from a government quarter and it has already been asked to vacate the same, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17725779", "title": "Christmas goodies arrive in markets", "text": "VARANASI: Known for unity in diversity, India's tradition of communal harmony and mutual interdependence often becomes more pronounced during festivals. On these occasions, it becomes clear how communities following different faiths not only co-exist peacefully, but indeed contribute substantially to ensuring that the other's celebrations are complete.A case in point is that of Christmas, wherein a number of Muslim hands are engaged in making locally prepared Christmas trees and other decorative items used for celebrations. Interestingly, the local Christmas trees are often made with silk thread which is collected during the cutting of Banarasi sarees.According to Manu Khan, a shopkeeper at Rajadarwaja area, the trendy silk Christmas trees are generally being purchased for decoration and not for traditional rituals. \"Apart from Christmas trees, thermocol balls, candies, rods, stars and Santa Claus are also prepared by local Muslim women,\" Aarif, a wholesaler and manufacturer of toys and decorative items at Rajadarwaja told TOI.The markets are flooded with a huge variety of locally prepared Christmas trees and other decorative items this season. While wholesale markets like Dalmandi and Rajadarwaja have already done their bit of business during Christmas, the toys and decorative items can be seen selling in large quantities at various gift stores and roadside shops. If traders and shopkeepers engaged in the marketing of articles related to Christmas celebrations are to believed, this year, the market has registered a growth of around Rs 4 lakh as compared to Rs 20,000 to Rs 50,000 in 2010.According to Khan, an increasing number of playschools and other schools in the region are one reason for the growing business of Christmas articles. Apart from yearly celebrations of the festival in almost all schools, a number of competitions and tableaux decoration are also held during the occasion.\"We have to cater to customers who come looking for Santa and fairy dresses, thematic costumes, trees, stars, statues, figurines plastic grass, candles and other items,\" he informed.In fact, the growing trend of fancy dress competitions this festive occasion has brought in thematic dresses in the price range of Rs 70 to Rs 300, informed Khan.Moreover, plastic grass Christmas trees in the price range of Rs 15 to Rs 5000 are also available in the market. Notably, these trees are purchased from Mumbai. Electronic Christmas trees with in-built LED lights are the new arrival this year and pulling good crowds.At the same time, toy figurines and statues of Jesus, Santa Clause, fairies and kings, are also selling for Christian families and schools for tableaux decoration. According to Naseem Khan, another wholesaler of toys in Dalmandi area, the tableaux toys are arriving in cartons containing 40 toys and plastic grass from Mumbai and Kolkata. These are more durable than clay and marble figurines.The churches on the other hand are purchasing European style figurines for creating tableaux of Jesus' arrival on the occasion.According to Vijay Dayal, secretary, Lal Girija ghar, these figurines are also called cribs and they are generally purchased from Southern India. The statues are made of Italian marble and decorated every year to mark the festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "jalpaiguri", "code": "17726771", "title": "Leopard beaten to death by villagers", "text": "JALPAIGURI: An adult female leopard that had strayed out of the forest was lynched by villagers barely 10 km from Jalpaiguri town on Saturday afternoon. The villagers killed the animal with bamboo staffs and other weapons even as helpless foresters stood watching, vastly outnumbered by the incensed mob.The incident took place at Premganj village under Paharpur panchayat. The leopard was spotted first around 9.30am by brothers Amal and Bimal Mondol who had crossed the Teesta, which flows by the village, to go to their agricultural field. The animal was lying on the bank.Before they could realize that it was a leopard, the big cat pounced on them and left them injured.The leopard had probably taken shelter in a nearby tea garden, said foresters. The bushes in the garden provide natural cover for these animals which often treat the drains as their hiding place, especially when the females are about to give birth. The heap of leaves in the drains act as natural cushion for the big cats and this attracts the animals to the gardens.Amal and Bimal, though injured, managed to row get back to their boat and row back to their village and were rushed to Jalpaiguri Sadar Hospital where they are undergoing treatment. But the incident triggered panic among the villagers.As soon as foresters were informed, they arrived with the wildlife squad and tranquillisers. They crossed the river, in a boat and spotted the leopard on the other side, and even darted it once. But the leopard attacked the foresters, too, leaving two of them injured.Taking no further risk, the boatman turned the boat around. But the leopard leapt at the boat and clung on to a rope hanging from the boat and dashed into the village That way, it reached the other side of the river and as soon as the boat got close to the shore, it dashed into the village. By then, the villagers had armed themselves with lathis and bamboo staffs. They chased the frightened animal, surrounded it and beat it to death, . The animal was already drowsy due to the effects of the sedative and could not escape the villagers. The villagers lynched it right in front of foresters.\"We could do nothing as the villagers were baying for the animal's blood. We were far outnumbered by them,\" said a senior forest official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17725960", "title": "National meet on Ramanujan birthday", "text": "PATNA: Patna University (PU) vice-chancellor Shambhu Nath Singh called upon the mathematicians to make mathematics a student-friendly subject and work for its popularization.Addressing a three-day national conference on 'Recent Developments in Mathematics and Related Areas' organized jointly by the PU mathematics department and Patna Science College at the Wheeler Senate House here on Saturday on the occasion of the 125th birth anniversary of great mathematician Srinivas Ramanujan, Singh said PU mathematics teachers should be aware of the latest teaching skills with a view to popularizing the subject. That would be the real tribute to Ramanujan, he said.The VC pointed out that in the present tech-savvy world, nobody can remain untouched by mathematics owing to its application in diverse fields. He pleaded for creating an environment for original research work in mathematics for ensuring all-round development of the society.Inaugurating the conference, planning and development minister Narendra Narain Yadav said formal degree is not a real indicator of one's merit and knowledge. If that would have been so, Ramanujan, who could not pass even his intermediate examination, would not have done wonders in mathematics and earned international fame through his work in such a short span. He said state government has initiated steps to encourage teaching and research in universities.Referring to the valuable contributions of renowned mathematician and astronomer Aryabhatta, whose observatory was located at Khagaul, Yadav said PU has no dearth of talent. The university produced another great mathematician Vashishtha Narain Singh in the 20th century. He pleaded for making mathematics an interesting subject so that students are not scared of the subject.Vishwa Bharti University's former VC D K Sinha pleaded for initiating inclusive education to help check dropouts. He also urged the mathematicians to solve the unsolved problems of Ramanujan.Patna Science College principal Arun Kumar Sinha welcomed the guests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17725049", "title": "Brave heart cops swim from Bheemli to Visakhapatnam", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Braving powerful currents and painful jellyfish stings a team of nine swimmers successfully completed their 25-kilometre swim from Bheemunipatnam to R K Beach in the city on Saturday as part of the triathlon event organised to mark 150 years of service by the police.The swim started off from Bheemunipatnam at 6.45 am and the swimmers reached Vizag's shores over nine grueling hours later, to be greeted by a large number of people and personnel from the police department.Waving the Indian flag, additional DGP (sports) Rajiv Trivedi led his team members ashore, including Goa CISF deputy commandant S Jayakumar, Maharashtra police DSP Balasaheb Ramchandra Ghadge, BSF sub-inspector Mandar Anand Divase, Vizag city constable N Tulasi Chaitanya, Nizamabad constable N Srinivas, Vizag district constable Ch Srinivas, Odisha constable Rushab Suna and techie Sunil Menon of Microsoft.Narrating the experience, Trivedi said, \"I fell in love with the city when I visited it in 1995 and always wanted to swim from somewhere to Vizag. When I heard that Bheemli is celebrating its 150 years as a municipality, I wanted to take up the swim. I wanted to connect the historical town of Bheemli with the modern city of Vizag through my swim.\" However, cautioning the youth against the dangers of swimming in the sea, he said, \"The sea is lovely and attractive. But people can get trapped, so people should be well equipped. Without the knowledge of swimming, currents and depths, one must not enter the sea.\" He thanked the efforts of support team of navigators Kiran Kumar and V Srinivas.The team was accompanied by four kayaks with two rowers each, two fishing boats with navigation equipment, replenishments and a coastguard vessel. Travelling in the fishing boat alongside swimmers, Udaya Trivedi, wife of ADGP (Sports), said the first three to four hours were the hardest for the team of swimmers.Comparing the west and the east coast of the country, Goa CISF deputy commandant S Jayakumar said, \"The east coast is far more challenging than the west. In Goa, we don't have such rough waves. Here the currents are too strong. We had to put in a lot of effort.\"Vizag district police constable Ch Srinivas, who participated in national games three times, described it as a tough swim. Having already completed a swim from Rushikonda to Vizag, he said it was the longest time he had spent battling the sea.With the swimming leg of the triathlon over, the team will now cycle 695 km from Vizag on Sunday and is expect to reach Hyderabad on December 31. On January 1, they will participate in a 42-km marathon in the state capital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "17724300", "title": "Explosives found in Hailakandi, one held", "text": "SILCHAR: Acting on a tip-off, the CRPF found two powerful bombs with two detonators and a 30-metre live wire from a village in Hailakandi district in southern Assam.An official said CRPF jawans launched a raid in Bhajantipur Part-II village in Hailakandi district on Friday on the basis of intelligence inputs and managed to find the explosives kept in a nylon packet in a paddy field.The cops also arrested Rabijul Laskar (27), a resident of the village, in this connection. An official on Friday said the bombs were powerful IEDs that could damage concrete bridges, roads and buildings.\"Such explosives are traditionally used by Maoists active in central and southern states of the country. Therefore, finding these devices in this part of Assam is a matter of concern. Besides interrogation of the man rounded up in this connection, investigation is going on in cooperation with local police,\" said an official of the CRPF 147 battalion.Sources said Bru (Reang) and Muslim militants are active in this part of southern Assam for nearly two decades. It is being examined whether the explosives were kept in the paddy field by them, it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17725248", "title": "Soon, optical fibre lines in Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: The government of India's power transmission utility, Power Grid Corporation of India (PGCIL), has signed a lease agreement with Haryana's main power distributor to install optical fibre lines in Gurgaon and Panchkula. As per the terms of the contract, PGCIL will be leasing out optical lines already owned by the Haryana Vidyut Prasaran Nigam (HVPN), apart from being granted the right of way in some areas for installation of new optical ground wires. \"About 10 km of optical fibre lines, which are owned by the HVPN will be leased out to Power Grid. And about 35 kilometre is being leased out in Panchkula,\" said Suraj Bhaan Mudgal, chief engineer, commercial and system operations, HVPN.Optical fibre cables are used for high-speed broadband data transmission. And according to HVPN officials, the existing lines in Gurgaon and Panchkula are used for the Haryana-based firms internal data-transfer purposes. \"Power Grid will be using these to provide broadband services to various government agencies in Gurgaon and Panchkula,\" Mudgal added.Officials say that optical fibre installed here is imported from China and South Korea, and can transfer information quite literally at the speed of light. \"We have 64mbps transfer capabilities,\" another HVPN official added. In return, PGCIL will be providing a 10 mbps internet connection at HVPN's Panipat headquarters, and will be guiding the power corporation in the expansion work for its System Load Dispatch Centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17725524", "title": "Magadh Mahila College students vent angeragainst sexual assaults", "text": "PATNA: Amid the heat of movement against Delhi gang rape case in the city, a daylong workshop on 'Brutal Sexual Assault on Girls' was organized by the students' counselling centre of the Magadh Mahila College on Saturday morning. A large number of girls participated in the workshop, exhibiting their rage against rising crime against women. In the interaction session, many girls suggested that chemical castration of the rapists was the only punishment appropriate for them.One of the students, Shubhra Rani, won applause for herself from the audience when she said that parents need to be interactive and friendly with their children as most of the cases of sexual abuse take place within the bounds of home itself. If the girls suffering from such harassments have friendly and open relationship with their parents, they would easily be able to communicate the happenings to them and thus put an end to their sufferings before they reach an extreme.Appreciating the girls' sentiments, social activist Kanchan Bala advised the girls to always keep safety pins with themselves to counter danger, as she did during the days of her youth. She also pointed out that one positive aspect of the gruesome Delhi gang rape case was that boys too participated in large numbers in the protest movements against the incident. She also said the need of the hour was separate courts for women and speedy trials in case of any kind of harassment.On the occasion, noted psychologist Dr Vinay Prakash informed the girls about the psychology and appearance of men with high sexual appetite. He categorized rapists in four types. \"Men suffering from anti- social personality disorder are those who deliberately act against the norms. You can spot them fighting in public and abusing other person despite their mistake. They are the most dangerous ones and have a rapist's tendency,\" said the doctor.Another type, he said, was with narcissistic personality disorder. This type of men, he said, love themselves the most and are both socially and economically successful. They want everything under their control and if any one defies them, they could prove dangerous to that person. Other two types that he spoke of was of paranoid personality and borderline personality. The former type is of men who are suspicious of others and harm other people under suspicion, and the latter one threatens to commit suicide every now and then. These four types, according to Dr Prakash, are a tendency to rape.On the occasion, Prof Shashi Sharma, HoD of political science, Magadh Mahila College, announced the opening of a 'Mama's Club' by the college in 2013. The mothers of all the girls of the college will be its members and they will be trained to interact freely with their daughters, so that the girls could communicate their problems with ease to them. The meeting of the club will be held on last Saturday of the month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17729142", "title": "Dikshit govt fails on its promise of safe transport system", "text": "NEW DELHI: The brutal gang-rape of a 23-year-old here has brought to focus the failure of the Sheila Dikshit government in keeping its long-pending promise of safe public transport system for women and children though she has tried to pass the buck to the Centre for the tragedy.The city government had made a series of announcements in three years to regulate the transport system by a slew of steps like mandatory installation of GPS on autorickshaws, taxis and DTC buses as also tougher norms for plying of school buses and erecting electronic information boards on all bus stops.But none of them has been implemented so far. The Delhi transport department had decided to erect electronic information board in over 1,000 designated bus stops to give a real time details about arrival of the buses but this decision never saw the light of the day.While hiking taxi and auto fares by 35 per cent in 2010, the government had made it mandatory for auto drivers to install GPS in their vehicles to monitor their movement. The government had added a component in the hiked fare to help the autorickshaw owners install the device but till today around 55,000 autorickshaws are plying in the city without GPS.Since December 2010, Delhi government had terminated permit of nearly 3,000 Blueline buses following public outcry over series of fatal incidents involving them. But some operators are plying the buses unauthorisedly across the city after painting them white.Dikshit while talking about the brutal gang-rape of the girl had said that the \"buck stops\" with the Police Commissioner and the Lt Governor for law and order in the city and suggested that her hands are tied.\"The entire transport system is run by Delhi Government. The incident had happened on a moving bus. We have to regulate our transport system. How can the Chief Minister abdicate the responsibility,\" said Delhi BJP President Vijender Gupta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17726666", "title": "Out on the streets, a voice for women", "text": "It was a wave of protest. Several Bangaloreans plumped in one voice for more fast-track courts, stricter laws and efficient policing to fight crime against women at a candle-light protest in front of Town Hall on Saturday evening. The programme was organized by The Orange Revolution, as part of the group's nation-wide protests condemning the recent Delhi gang-rape where a 23-year-old paramedic student was sexually abused by six men.Worried parents, enraged girls and boys, concerned women and angry public were all there for one cause: an India that is safe for women.The protesters were dressed mostly in orange. Orange signifies power and the orange protest is a manifestation that the people are more powerful than the government, explained Pradip Bhandari, a volunteer.The protestors gave vent to their anger against rape with slogans like \"Be humans, not animals,\" and \"My body, my right\" . \"More fast-track courts,\" they shouted repeatedly, as volunteers distributed candles to everyone.\"I have been harassed in some way or the other. They touch us with impunity , we know it's wrong but we can't do anything about it. Children have to be educated. Parents should first teach their sons before asking us not to go anywhere . Tuitions, buses, colleges, I don't feel safe anywhere,\" said Bhagyashree, a student from Kristu Jayanti College.Speaking about their demands, Rahul Kayala, a volunteer said: \"We hope the government ensures security to women all over India. Rape should be made a non-bailable offence. We are submitting a memorandum to the President regarding this.\"A father of three girls, Mohan, a bank employee, wanted the government to be more effective. \"The government is not enforcing laws properly. Rapists should be hanged. I want my daughters to be safe,\" he said.Many women felt unsafe on the streets. \"Even with a father, a friend or a brother, we're scared. Many cases of child abuse are also coming out now., \" said Suchi Smita, an IBM employee. \"I want death penalty to whoever commits a rape. Women police force has to be strengthened because men don't take us seriously,\" asserted Mishika, a student from Mount Carmel College.TIMES VIEWChief minister Jagadish Shettar's plan to invoke the provisions of the Goonda Act to deal with crimes against women couldn't have come sooner. That the government has not been very effective in cracking down on criminals who target women is to state the obvious. But at least now, the Shettar government is not only doing something to tackle the problem but is being seen as doing it. To equate these criminals with goondas and deny them bail till the case is investigated and reaches the courts is definitely welcome. It now remains for Mr Shettar to actually execute his idea, and the sooner he does, the better it will be.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "17724254", "title": "Emergency health services in Tripura soon", "text": "AGARTALA: The ministry of health has sanctioned a Rs 7n-crore project for setting up an emergency response system (ERS) in healthcare services under National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) in Tripura.NRHM mission director Samarjit Bhowmik said ERS would result in a contact center that would provide round-the-clock medical advice. The service would be free of cost. The contact centre would classifying the caller's condition into 'critical', 'serious', or 'stable' and provide appropriate advice, information about health service providers accordingly.Bhowmik said citizens will also be able to lodge their grievances against any public health provider at this centre.He said the ERS project have been designed keeping in mind the success of 'Sarathi-104' in neghibouring Assam , which is staffed by qualified and well-trained paramedics, counselors, and doctors. These experts are supported by algorithms and disease summaries to make the system an effective one. The algorithms and disease summaries standardize medical care. Patients with the same symptoms will receive the same diagnosis and same treatment, Bhowmik said adding that the system would involve a call centre connected with seven advanced life support and basic life support ambulances round-the-clock through GPS technology.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17725185", "title": "Dahiya inspects works in old city", "text": "GURGAON: Municipal commissioner V S Dahiya paid a surprise visit to different areas in the old city on Thursday evening to check the progress of various development projects taking place there. However, his unannounced visit caught certain officials and contractors unawares.Among the important places he inspected was the new ready mix concrete road being laid from Rajiv Chowk to Railway station at the cost of Rs 16 crore. He asked the contractor to check the thickness of the road and ensured it was at least six inches thick.\"There are several infrastructure projects going on in the old city and the commissioner wanted to see the progress and that's why he decided to visit these spots. Apart from asking the contractors to ensure standards are maintained while undertaking these projects, the commissioner directed that the nearby areas be beautified and construction material not be dumped on the road,\" said a spokesperson.Dahiya also highlighted the need to have interlocking tiles and streetlights where they were absent. Recently several councillors complained to him that there are quite a few roads in the city that remain dark as there are no streetlights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17726784", "title": "Fog diverts Kolkata flights to Bhubaneswar", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Thick fog forced a Kolkata-bound aircraft (Indigo-273) to land at the Biju Patnaik airport in Bhubaneswar. The Airbus was coming from Delhi, sources said.The flight was stranded here for an hour. It took off at 9.46 am after Bhubaneswar air traffic control was told that the fog had cleared and visibility was favourable for landing in Kolkata.\"The flight, which should have reached Kolkata early in the morning, was delayed beyond hours. After we got information of diversion, we put in place all necessary arrangements for flight operation,\" said H J Parmar, assistant general manager (airport traffic).He said Bhubaneswar has been made the alternative airport for all Kolkata-bound flights because of fog. He said from December 15 to February 15, night landing facility would be put in place at Bhubaneswar because of likely diversion of flights from other destinations, especially Kolkata, because of fog. \"Bhubaneswar airport came under category-7 in terms of fire services need. So we have deployed 12 additional fire-fighting personnel for night operations,\" said Parmar.He said the ATC at Bhubaneswar normally remains closed from 10.30 pm to 4 am. \"Now the ATC will close at 12.30 am to facilitate night operations,\" he pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17729015", "title": "And the food Oscars go to...", "text": "Glitz, glam and grub sum up the launch of the Times Food and Nightlife Guide, Bangalore, 2013. The evening saw the best from the food and beverage industry being honoured.All roads led to the ITC Gardenia on Thursday night as Kannada actors, sportspersons, corporate bigwigs and the fashion frat made their way to the launch of the Times Food and Nightlife Guide, Bangalore 2013, authored by Suresh Hinduja.The evening began with guests catching up over drinks as they discussed who the possible winners at the following awards ceremony could be. We spotted director AMR Ramesh, actor Vinayak Joshi and corporate honcho Shailesh Chaturvedi among the early birds. Also seen were Sandalwood actors Rajshri Ponnappa and Tilak Shekar walk in, as did J Karthik and Rahul Salunke. Emcee Anuj Gurwara kept things light with his steady banter as he announced the award recipients. In addition to the usual suspects, this year saw many new entrants among the list of winners. With many of the party peeps being foodies, the awardees were welcomed on to the stage amid loads of cheering. After the ceremony, guests made their way to Botania, where they got to sample signature dishes presented by some of the award winning teams.What fascinated Bangaloreans was that they got to take their pick from the best dishes \u00e2\u20ac\u201d all under a starry Bangalore sky.On a lighter note Fashion guru Prasad Bidapa ensured that he didn't miss out on his favourite night of the year and wrapped up a show quickly to get in time for the awards ceremony with the models in tow. Model Karan Medappa exclaimed, \"I've not eaten anything for two days to ensure I sample all the signature dishes.\" Actor Diganth, who gave away the award to the Best Bars, was heard joking to the winners that he can now walk in and get a table confidently, now that they know him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "17726143", "title": "Vasco student goes missing", "text": "VASCO: Ashutosh Jaha, a 16-year-old student studying at the Government Higher Secondary school, Baina, went missing after attending school on Thursday. His father Gopal Chandra Jaha said his son \"did not have any money or extra clothes with him\".Jaha had gone to school wearing dark blue jeans, a black t-shirt and a multicoloured jacket. His parents assumed he was at tuition class, but when he failed to return at midnight they reported his absence to the Vasco police.Jaha is 5.5 ft tall. His parents said that the reason for him being missing could be because his tuition teacher had scolded him the day before.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "17726885", "title": "Raped minor blind girl gives birth to female child", "text": "AKOLA: A 13-year-old blind girl gave birth to a female child at civil hospital, Akola, on Thursday night after she was admitted here with eight-and-a-half-months pregnancy from the adjoining Washim district. The rape victim, who had been born blind, is a std VI student of Gobra Naik School for Blind, Deaf and Dumb in IUDP area of Washim city.The rape accused, Subhash Jadhav (36), a resident of Vitthal Nagar, Mehkar, district Buldhana, is a watchman at the school. He was arrested on the basis of a complaint filed by the girl's mother and remanded to police custody. Headmaster of the school Lokchand Rathod has also been arrested in this connection. The magistrate of Washim court remanded Rathod to police custody till December 26.The girl was studying at the residential school since the age of 5. The rape came to light when she went home in village Adoli, Washim district, and the mother noticed her distended stomach. The girl was taken to hospital, where she was declared pregnant. The girl then revealed the rape to her mother. She was subjected to sexual assault many times, and threatened to keep the incidents secret.Meanwhile, the recognition of the residential school has been cancelled by commissioner of handicapped welfare, Pune, following a consistent demand. Washim MP Bhavna Gawli and many social workers have demanded severe punishment to the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "17725824", "title": "Brother-in-law 'kills' Kalwa woman", "text": "THANE: At a time when the nation is debating women's safety against street bullies, probe into the murder of a 21-year-old housewife from Kalwa pointed to her brother-in-law. Gayatri Sampatlal Lohar was allegedly strangulated by Kamlesh Lohar, her 27-year-old married brother-in-law. Officials of the Thane crime branch on Saturday said the young victim was killed as she threatened to make public Kamlesh's advances.Fearing the worst, Kamesh attacked her and pulled her mangalsutra, which suffocated her to death, the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17726444", "title": "He wages a lone battle through art to save rice", "text": "KOCHI: Amar Kanwar is waging a battle for rice varieties through art. At the venue of the Kochi-Muziris Biennale, the video installation of this Delhi-based artist stands apart as he has used 266 rare varieties of rice for his work.Titled 'Sovereign Forest', the installation reflects the angst of the artist regarding the disappearance of a large number of indigenous and organic rice varieties over the years.\"The loss of rice varieties is only the sub-plot of a wider story, which encompasses a host of issues: The sovereignty of crops, the overpowering influence of market forces on the selection of crops, usurpation of land and wider politics of power and violence,\" said Kanwar, who has mounted his multi-channel video installation at the Aspinwall House.He brought rice varieties from Orissa and feels that if their land is usurped, the knowledge about these crops will also be gone, said Kanwar. He wants his art work to reopen discussion on understanding of crime, politics, human rights and ecology.Central to Kanwar's work is the film The Scene of Crime. The terrain of the crime can be anyone's home, village as well as the landscape of a so-called nation. Accompanying The Scene of Crime is the Library of Evidence. Continuously expanding, this library of evidence confronts and compliments the forensic understanding of the crime, life and of the nation itself.The installation blurs the boundaries between art and film. \"I don't think the medium matters. For me, it is always a search for clarity,\" he said.Kanwar, a recipient of the 1st Edward Munch Award for Contemporary Art, Norway, said his focus constantly oscillates between issues of justice and resistance. In the midst of chaos and the violent political and social fabric, Kanwar said he is an optimist. \"I think you can see that in my work.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17726330", "title": "Bumpy ride for women on Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Limited buses in Pune", "text": "PUNE: The city's only mode of public transport is rated poorly by women commuters. In a 2010 survey, as many as 63 % of women passengers had rated buses operated by Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Limited ( PMPML) as unsafe, saying they had experienced sexual harassment in these buses.The findings could be two years old but find resonance with women even now who say that male passengers in these overcrowded buses have no regard for women or even rules to not use seats that are reserved for them. Smita Alhat, a resident of Yerawada said, \"Men occupy seats reserved for women and we have to ask them vacate them. Then there are arguments as they refuse to do so. And then they start passing vulgar comments against women passengers.\"The study had pointed out that almost all women passengers were aware that a certain number of seats were reserved for them, but had faced opposition from men when they asserted this right. Worse, they said that ticket checkers did not check men sitting on seats reserved for women. While helpline numbers are put up on buses, women complained that most of the time they were unable to read them because there were covered by advertisements and posters.Women who complained of being sexual harassed on these buses said they had been touched and pinched or had fielded lewd remarks. Not just in buses, more than half the women respondents felt unsafe even at bus stops. Also many bus stops had no roofs and not even sign boards indicating the destinations that buses plied to from the stop.The 2010 survey was conducted at various bus stops with 57% of the women interviewed in the 16-30 age group and 25% in the 31-50 age group, so as to indicate just how comfortable the city's productive population felt using this public transport.Women suggested that implementing rules that clearly reserve seats for women passengers will go a long way in averting sexual harassment and other inconveniences they are made to face. Women also demand special buses, particularly on busy routes. Monica Mane, a collegian from Hadapsar said, \"Male passengers sit on the seats reserved for females in the buses. They do not vacate the seats even after repeatedly asking them to do so. There should be separate special buses for women from Hadapsar to Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) building bus terminus and other areas in the city.\" Commuters said special buses for women would shield them from unnecessary taunts and comments that they face everyday. \"We have to travel through crowded buses during peak morning and evening hours, most of the time standing through the long distance. Men try to touch us while making their way through the crowded bus,\" said Seema Kale, a daily commuter from Kothrud.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17726071", "title": "Railways to collect Rs 500 as fine for littering station premises", "text": "PUNE: The next time you litter railway premises, you may face a fine up to Rs 500. As per the notification issued by the railway ministry, ticket checkers/collectors of the commercial department and station managers/masters are now empowered to collect fine for the same. The officials can fine 'on the spot' if anyone is found littering the railway premises.Till now cases of littering used to go through a long procedure as the offenders had to get orders from the court.Officials of the Pune railway division said that they have received a notification and further instructions regarding the implementation. They said that the actual implementation would begin in the next few days after completion of basic administrative procedures.\"Besides imposing a penalty, we will also create among passengers,\" said the officials.As per the notification, \"no person shall throw or deposit litter in the railway premises. The people cannot cook, bathe, spit, urinate, defecate, repair and wash vehicles, wash utensils or clothes in the railway premises. The people are not allowed to store personal belongings at the station premises\".The notification also states that authorised vendors/hawkers in the premises are expected to make necessary arrangements to keep a container or waste basket for collecting litter and proper disposal of its contents should be made.The railway board has asked local railway administrations to give wide publicity to the rules through advertisements and posters at railway stations, putting up notices inside coaches and announcements through the public address system on platforms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17728878", "title": "Railways pitches for 5-10 paise fare hike per kilometre", "text": "NEW DELHI: Faced with mounting deficit of over Rs 20,000 crore in the passenger segment, Railways is keen on raising passenger fares between 5-10 paise per km in the coming months to generate about Rs 4,000 crore revenue.The hike could come close on the heels of railways finalising the broader contours of the proposed Rail Tariff Authority (RTA), which would be placed before Cabinet in January.\"The passenger fares should be hiked by 5 paise to 10 paise per km in the Rail Budget (2013-14). The financial condition of Railways is not good. We need funds, otherwise Railways will not survive,\" Minister of State for Railways KJ Surya Prakash Reddy told PTI.The other Minister of State Adhir Ranjan Chowdhury also advocated an urgent hike in fare.\"There is an urgent need for passenger hike as railways' financial condition is bad.\"Railways has incurred a loss of Rs 22,000 crore in the passenger segment this year, an increase of deficit of Rs 4000 crore from the last year.However, a senior railway official said, \"A decision is yet to be taken whether to increase the passenger fare before the Rail Budget or announce it in the budget.\"Asked about the quantum of possible hike, the official said, \"It is likely to be between 10 per cent and 15 per cent,\" something which former Railway Minister Dinesh Trivedi had proposed in the last Rail Budget.Reviewing the performance of Railways, the PMO's has asked the chairman railway board to finalise and submit its recommendations on the constitution of proposed RTA by December 31.RTA is expected to suggest the quantum of hike in passenger fare and freight tariff.\"We are working on it (RTA),\" said Railway Minister Pawan Kumar Bansal when asked about the progress on RTA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "beatrycze auttenberg is a 29-year-old polish woman based in london . she recalls meeting her husband nihal on matrimonial site shaadi.com in 2010. \"he had expressed interest in me and i had accepted. then we started emailing and talking to each other on phone; but it took a while for both of us to take things forward. nine months later, he came to see me in london. there was no doubt in my mind", "code": "17726629", "title": "Inder weds Irina", "text": "Beatrycze Auttenberg is a 29-year-old Polish woman based in London . She recalls meeting her husband Nihal on matrimonial site Shaadi.com in 2010. \"He had expressed interest in me and I had accepted. Then we started emailing and talking to each other on phone; but it took a while for both of us to take things forward. Nine months later, he came to see me in London. There was no doubt in my mind: I wanted him as my husband. We holidayed in Europe for a while before going to Poland to meet my parents. They liked him. Next, we went to meet his family in India. I was a bit apprehensive, as I had heard about arranged marriages in India and how unhappy parents become whenever a cross-cultural marriage happens. Luckily, it all went fine,\" she says.So what brings foreigners like Auttenberg to Indian matrimony sites? Gourav Rakshit, the COO of Shaadi.com proffers an explanation: \"There are Indophiles who want an Indian spouse; there are also those who are either living in India for work or want to relocate here. Whenever a foreign national registers with us, we take extra caution to verify his/her antecedents to ensure that it's a genuine person. We don't want our users to have a bad experience ever,\" he says.Of the foreigners registered on Shaadi.com, 42% are Whites, 25% West Asians or Arabs, 25% Blacks and 6% Latinos or Hispanics. Another matrimony portal SimplayMarry.com has a number of foreigners as well. Sanjeev Kumar, the business head of the portal says there are foreign nationals from the US, UK and Australia who have registered on the site. \"Some of them want partners in their home countries; some of them want to imbibe Hindu culture and have Hindu marriages. They get introduced on the portal and then take matters offline. So it's not always possible to keep track of the number of such marriages, but marriages do happen,\" he says.Incidentally, while foreigners may want to marry Indians, many Indians have some special preferences with regard to foreigners. Ishita Garg (name changed) from Delhi has a profile on BharatMatrimony.com, and she makes her partner preference very clear: \"Foreigners are welcome to contact me, but please only Whites and Latinos. I don't want Blacks.\" She also wants \"very fair or fair\" Indian men to contact her.Skin colour is also a consideration for some of the foreigners looking for Indian spouses. \"Tanned Indian skin, dark hair, and dark, beautiful eyes are such a turn on. Indians have dark skin, but their features are delicate, like Caucasians. These elements make Indians attractive,\" says Harriet Cook, who lives in Bristol , UK. She goes on to add that Indians are not really foreigners for the British. \"Indian families today are like what English families used to be not too long ago. I believe Americans are foreigners for us, not Indians. So I don't see why Britons marrying Indians should be seen as something surprising.\"There are other factors, too, that are making Indians desirable. Renowned Russian feminist writer and talk show host Maria Arbatova believes Indian men make better husbands and fathers and her country should import grooms from India. \"There are more women in Russia than men and finding a suitable man for marriage becomes quite a challenge. Indians are closer to us emotionally. So the idea of Russian provincial girls and Indian suitors is acceptable,\" she says.That Indian men have strong family values also makes them ideal marriage material. American Evelyn Walters says she was pleasantly surprised to meet Sukanta Dey, an investment banker. \"We met in a matrimony portal and started talking. When he came to the US to meet me, I found him very different from the men I knew back home. When he proposed, there was no way I could have said no. He also surprised my parents when he touched their feet in the first meeting itself. It's been 11 months since we got married, and my parents and I are very happy with him. Also, he doesn't call them by their first names but addresses them as 'dad' and 'mom'. Anyone would kill for such a man,\" says Walters.It's not just the men. Indian women, too, are finding suitable foreign dulhas online. Igor Belyakov married Nishtha Srivastav in India. They met on Shaadi.com. \"It was love at first sight for me. I flew down to Mumbai and met her on Valentine's Day, 2010. After that, time just flew. We had a lavish Indian wedding: she wore a lehenga and I a sherwani. Our marriage papers took some time to process, though. Today, we live both in India and Russia. Thanks to my wife, I'm now a global citizen,\" says Belyakov.(Some names have been changed to protect identities of individuals)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17725969", "title": "Poor visibility affects life in Chandigarh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: As thick fog completely engulfed the City Beautiful on Saturday, all flights, operating from the Chandigarh airport, remained cancelled on Saturday because of poor visibility at the runway.Director Chandigarh Airport, Captain H S Toor, told TOI that visibility at local airport was measured less than 400m on Saturday, resulting in cancellation of all civilian flights. He also added that even the Instrument Landing System (ILS) - a navigation aid required for easy landing of flights in poor visibility conditions - also failed to work the present category of ILS helps in landing only if the visibility level is 1,200m or above.There are around 22 regular flights from Chandigarh airport to Delhi, Mumbai and Jammu, Amritsar and Srinagar, Leh, Jaipur and various connecting flights for major domestic destinations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17725074", "title": "Delhi gang rape: Sonia meets protesters past midnight", "text": "NEW DELHI: \"I am with you ... and justice will be delivered.\" This is what Congress chief Sonia Gandhi told a group of protesters outside her 10 Janpath residence shortly after midnight. In a surprise move, Gandhi came out of her residence around 12.10am and talked to protesters for around 20 minutes.She sat on the ground with protesters while security personnel encircled the group she was talking to. According to a protester, Gandhi told them, \"I am with you. I can't tell when the justice will be delivered, but surely it will be. We will do something.\"When the protesters when asked for a deadline, she said, \"I can't give you a deadline but action will be taken.\" Gandhi also expressed her desire to meet some of the protesters on Sunday and hear their grievances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17724742", "title": "No entry for DJs at New Year bashes in Cyberabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: Bad news for revellers planning to have spirited parties with songs blaring from the DJ mixer on New Year's Eve. The Cyberabad police have decided not to permit Disc Jockeys (DJs) in their limits. But party organisers in the core city might just be able to go full steam as the Hyderabad police have no such plans.\"People planning to hold New Year celebrations at public places should take prior police permission if loud speakers or music system is going to be part of the festivities. However, DJs will not be permitted at these bashes,\" Cyberabad police commissioner Ch Dwaraka Tirumala Rao said.When contacted, Hyderabad additional commissioner of police (Law and Order) Amit Garg told STOI that they would follow the Amusement Licence Rules. \"We will grant permission on a case by case basis. As of now, we have not considered disallowing DJs,\" he added.As Outer Ring Road (ORR) and PVNR Expressway have become killer stretches because of numerous accidents, the Cyberabad police have decided to keep these stretches away from general road-users from 11pm on December 31 to 5am on January 1.Only bonafide passengers heading towards the Rajiv Gandhi International Airport (RGIA), Shamshabad, would be permitted on them.\"ORR, flyovers, PVNR Express will be closed for general public except for passengers travelling to RGIA Airport. New Year's Eve parties will be allowed at public places up to 1 am. Special teams, headed by senior police officers, have been constituted to curtail the use of drugs during these parties,\" officials said.Police informed that organisers should take responsibility by providing sufficient private security personnel for regulating traffic inside and outside venues and for security. No visitors or vehicle should be allowed inside without thorough checking, they added.Use of fire arms has been prohibited in parties and police clarified that no person would be allowed to bring in weapons even if he/she has valid arms licence. Both Hyderabad and Cyberabad police officials have warned motorists not to drive under the influence of alcohol.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17724521", "title": "Tata firm bags green award", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: City-based Tata Cummins Limited has bagged the 13th Annual Greentech Environment Award in the silver category of the automobile sector.The award was presented to the company by the Greentech Foundation recently in recognition of the best practices for effective waste management and its ground water recharging scheme, both of which directly benefit surrounding communities.\"It's an honour for Tata Cummins and our employees to win the Greentech Environment Award,\" said Ashwath Ram, vice president, Operations.He said this award is a reflection of the commitment to create a cleaner, healthier and safer environment.\"Tata Cummins is a leader in the use of green technology and we are committed to making products that help preserve the environment,\" said Ram.Tata Cummins is a 50:50 joint venture between Tata Motors Limited and Cummins Inc of USA, world leaders in design and manufacture of diesel engines, generator sets , etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17726878", "title": "Women need to fight out injustice with support from men", "text": "NAGPUR: Women for ages have always been at the receiving end both within the family and outside homes. But only few dare to speak out about physical, mental and emotional harassment meted out to them. It is high time that men come out of their shell and turn more supportive as brothers, fathers and husbands.only once in a while that a woman dares to speak about the physical, mental and emotional harassment meted out to her. It is high time that the men in the society in the form of brothers, fathers and grandfathers come out of their shells and become more supportive. Lack of communication between the men folk and girls in the family is one reason that has prevented women from standing against crime against women.\"My daughter had to undergo plastic surgery on her face after an eveteaser hit her scooter and she was seriously injured. I understand the plight of adolescent girls very well,\" said Rajendra Pradhan, a businessman and father of two daughters. He feels that girls are taught to keep silent and never give back. This makes them more weak and vulnerable to attacks from men. \"Give courage to your daughter, communicate with her. Tell her she should not take any kind of attack, verbal or physical and bounce back without any fear,\" he insisted.Yet, Pradhan feels that women need to take all kind of precautions to avoid any attack. They should be able to judge the intentions of men around them to avoid anyone making an indecent pass. Police cannot guard every woman and there is no fool proof system to avoid crimes like rape and murder so women need to be strong enough to counter it or ignore it depending on the circumstances.Praladh Khetan, a grandfather, supports Pradhan's views. He believes that little can be done as an individual or as a family. \"We have always been open to our daughters and taught them to be strong. But reality remains that even if a girl is accompanied by her father he feels helpless to confront attackers or abusers. No one comes to help you. So unless the attacker is punished suitably or put to social boycott, daughters will not have faith in our support,\" he felt.Retired Wing Cdr Prakashchandra Bhatnagar relates the increased attacks on women, rapes and other forms of violence to dirty movies, advertisements and serials glamourizing crime. The electronic media has been particularly corrupting people's mind. As a grandfather, he fears to send his granddaughter out late in the evenings even with friends. He admits that women have always been vulnerable, but if parents and grandparents bring up the girls cautiously some changes can be expected.Jaideep Malvi, a 17-year-old student, feels protective and stricter laws and harsh punishments like death penalty can alone make women safer. \"Today I would prefer to ignore a comment on my sister instead of confronting as I know that the attackers can get away easily. Unless rapists are hanged to death they will never learn,\" he said.Anant Kulkarni, another young boy, too fears about his sister going out alone or even with a compainion, as none of them can fight like a Hindi film hero. \"But yes, media without being judgemental can be a good deterrent. Mass support and opposition can force the loose legal system to put behind bars even the influential and powerful. Present generation can play a decisive role in changing the society's attitude,\" he feels.\"Men, in different roles, will never stop discrimination against women. Women can never be safe unless this attitude changes,\" says student Rishi Chachada, who claims to have witnessed discrimination and harassment against women from close quarters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17725778", "title": "Commercial floriculture training concludes", "text": "VARANASI: The six-day training programme on commercial floriculture and plant management organized at Human Welfare Association (HWA) resource centre, Sarnath with the support of Rural Self Employment Training Institute (R-SETTI) of Union Bank of India concluded on Saturday.This training program was organized with the aim to provide commercial and technical training to the 270 rural women hailing from weaving background for their economical and social strengthening.Addressing the closing ceremony, SK Chandra of UBI said that the training program was to provide technical assistance to the women for better agriculture and farming in their fields with the use of traditional methodology and value of farming.Distributing the certificates to the women, Rupak Verma, director, R-SETTI, said that the certificate is valid in all over India and one can get loan from banks Rs 25,000 to 2 lakhs for self employment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17725547", "title": "Pushing the pedal against global warming", "text": "CHENNAI: A lot of people know about the evils of global warming , but only very few are willing to do something about it. J Umanath is among those who are willing to walk \u00e2\u20ac\u201d in his case cycle \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the extra mile to encourage people to plant trees and reduce pollution.The 42-year-old from Jawahar Nagar near Perambur, who began his bicycle odyssey on December 15 at the Chennai Trade Centre in Nandambakkam near Guindy, has so far travelled 300km. He plans to wind up his rally on the Marina beach at 6pm on December 31.Every day along his trip, he makes frequent stops \u00e2\u20ac\u201d at colleges, universities, private firms, government offices \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and encourages people to plant saplings. Some of these he plants on the roadside and on university campuses. He also delivers impromptu speeches, asking his audience to start organic culture and to include organic food in their diet.Umanath has a light breakfast and a cup of tea, before starting out every day. He subsists on tea and biscuits throughout his journey that ends at six in the evening when he heads for home and a hot meal.In support of his campaign to promote the use of organic food, he explains how he planted two seeds using \"Bhumiputra,\" an organic booster taken from sugarcane molasses, and harvested 70kg of snake gourd, a popular vegetable. He says he picks up seeds from the roadside during summer, ferments them and plants them.Also, Umanath doesn't plan to stop with this campaign. Next year, he plans to hit the Limca Book of Records by travelling throughout Tamil Nadu in support of his cause.Umanath works with Trust 1-2-1, a 600-member non-government organisation that focuses on planting trees, avoiding plastic, saving trees and harvesting rainwater. The other members of trust, started in 2003 by Pasumai N, plan to go to places like Theni, Kancheepuram and Tiruvallur and plant saplings. They plan to plant around 1500 saplings at Usilampatti in Madurai district on December 24 and 25.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17724409", "title": "Where innocence is long lost", "text": "RANCHI: Jharkhand police, along with Bal Sakha, an NGO, organized an orientation programme on Juvenile Justice (care and protection of children) Act, 2000, and the amended act of 2006 in the city on Saturday.Chief co-ordinator of Bal Sakha, Sanat Kumar Sinha, said, \"Children are not born criminals but they are forced to take the wrong path owing to the attitude of the society and police towards them. Before judging a child, one should consider his/her background.\"Sinha said often juvenile offenders were treated harshly at police stations that may affect a child's behavioural growth.Several cases of juvenile offence were discussed at the event. The case of a 12-year-old boy, who was once taken to the police station for stealing, admitted to the crime saying he was forced to take to the wrong path. He was tortured by his father, who needed money for alcohol. \"If I don't steal money, my father will beat me up,\" the boy had said.On being asked why he worked so much, he said, \"My father died when I was small. My mother said we cannot survive without the support of a man. I did not want her to remarry so I work as much as I can and give her all the money I earn.\"Sinha said, \"Police dealing with children should be in plain clothes and should never handcuff a child. Also, he should talk to the child as a parent and not as a police personnel.\" SSP Saket Kumar Singh, who inaugurated the programme, said, \"Police at Bal Mitra Thana are being trained on how to deal with children but we want OCs and constables of every police station should to know how to handle such cases.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17726359", "title": "Mysore rallies around Delhi rape victim", "text": "MYSORE: Citizens in Mysore are taking out a series of protests and candlelight marches in support of the rape victim in Delhi.More than 1,000 employees of Infosys plan to extend their support through a silent candle light protest in front of the Mysore Palace on Sunday.'Voices of Mysore', a group of college students will also take out a candlelight march from Apollo Hospital to the deputy commissioner's office.On Friday, a group of women associated with Padmashree Jain Mahila Samaj held a candlelight march condemning the Delhi incident. They were joined by scores of students. The protest march started from the north gate of the Mysore Palace and ended at Gandhi Square.Speaking to STOI, Bhavyashree, an MBA student at Mahajana's College said: \"We feel unsafe when we read of such incidents. The legal system must punish the perpetrators severely so that others are deterred from committing such crimes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "santiniketan", "code": "17726808", "title": "Realty biz outshines religious Paus Mela", "text": "SANTINIKETAN: Debendranath Tagore had come up with the novel idea to hold a fair every year to propagate religious feelings among the masses. It was way back in 1895. But with the leap of two centuries, Paus Mela has turned into a commercial den, leaving the Maharshi's dream thwarted.Soon as you step out of Santiniketan station, you are sure to spot hundreds of hoardings and banners advertising the various real estate projects in and around the town. Come Paus Mela and the real-estate honchos occupy stalls on the fair ground so that they can hard sell property.It has been found that people visiting the fair often look for a niche in Rabindranath Tagore's abode. \"This is a very busy time for us. Customers from Kolkata or other states and even from abroad choose this time of the year to visit Santiniketan as they can visit Paus Mela and also look for land. If the deal gets finalized, they advance a portion of the total amount and come back later to settle the deal,\" said Subodh Dutta, a local property dealer.Apart from land or flat in Santiniketan, real-estate companies also use the fair to attract the customers for their Kolkata projects. \"A section of affluent people come to the fair. They cannot think of buying property here because they are usually based in Kolkata. As we have projects in both the city and in Santiniketan, we can showcase both to the potential customers. Also, they are more relaxed at the fairs and can give it a thought,\" Dutta added.Customers are usually seen looking for a plot in either Prantik or Goalpara. Though a piece of land ranges from anything between Rs 2 to Rs 5 lakh a bigha, buyers don't mind as it means an addition to their assets, said a few agents.This year about 1500 stalls have come up for the three-day fair and a good number belongs to real-estate companies, said Sougata Samanta, the secretary of Karmi Mandali. As the dawn sets in on Sunday, a drone on the shehnai will formally kick-off Debendranath Tagore's dream venture.However, Samanta made it clear that shops will not be given an extension of more than a day after the fair ends on Tuesday. \"We want to keep the university surroundings clean. Moreover, the unofficial fair beyond scheduled dates creates security hazards,\" he added. The district administration, police and Visva Bharati authorities have also decided not to allow vendors on the road to prevent fire hazards.But like previous years this year too the high rate of hotels prevented a number of visitors from taking part in the Pous Mela. At Santiniketan Pousmela began in 1895. But it originated as the annual fair of the Bramha followers at Panihati , near Kolkata . This is not the 'annual fair of Visva Bharati' ( as often mistaken by the people) but it is originally the an annual event of Santiniketan Bramha Ashram which was founded by Maharshi Debendranath Thakur, father of Rabindranath. A three members trust was formed by Debendranath Thakur to run this annual festival. In the trust deed it was clearly mentioned , ' Dharmabhab uddipaner janya trustteegan barshe barshe ekti mela basaibar chesta kariben. Ei melate sakal sampradayer sadhupurusera asia dharmaprachar o dharmalap karite pariben . Ei melar utsave kono prakar pouttalik aradhana hoibe na o kutsit amod ullas hoite paribe na, madya mansa batito ei melai sakal prakar drabbadi kharid o bikrai hoite paribe.' ( The trustee will organize a fair every year to create religious feeling among the people. The preachers of all the religions may come here to discuss their theories and ideology. In this fair no idol will be worshipped , no vulgur entertainment would be allowed. Everything except liquor and meat will be allowed to be sold.'. For the last few decades Poush Mela had been 'marketed' by the tour operators. Gradually it has become the congression of people from the other states and abroad. And needless to say that the stalls of latest gadgets had taken place of those of wooden or erathern-pot shops. But the artisans still find their place in Pous Mela. Better to say a section of well to do people from this country and abroad come here to look for the craft works of the artisans or to hear the folk song in Binodan Mancha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17726791", "title": "Fancy owning a Gir cow?", "text": "NAGPUR: Hold it by the jaw and you can control it easily, explains Satish Doshi, a suave businessman, showing his rustic skills with a young bull. Iron and steel trader Doshi, who studied engineering, shares a passion with a few others from his fraternity of owning a Gir. For them it is as much as flaunting a sports car or a Harley Davidson, and a matter of ethnic pride as well.For many it may not fit into their urban lifestyle, but for this group it is a fad indeed. \"It's not just a cow, it's a Gir,\" they say.Gir is a breed of cows originating from the Junagadh district of Gujarat, which also has the Gir forest - the last abode of the Asiatic lion. This is one of the best bovine breeds of the country known for its magnificent looks and distinct features like round-shaped head and red coloured coat as well as endurance. A good cow costs anywhere between Rs 50,00 to over Rs 1.5 lakh.In the 1960s, the breed was exported to Brazil from where it spread to Mexico and around 20 other countries. In Brazil, Gir is synonymous to the cow but in India there are concerns that the pure breed might get extinct. This is what prompted the group, which can be styled as the Gir Cow Club, take up its breeding in Nagpur.Going beyond the charitable cow-shelters which many businessmen sponsor, this group has been working on developing the Gir breed with each member personally allotting time for the cows' upkeep. \"We are fascinated by the Gir breed,\" says Doshi, patting a bull which has sired many offsprings.It all started with steel trader Atul Mashru who heard about the cow in a religious sermon seven years ago and sought out a breeder in Jamka village of Junagadh. He returned with the first batch of five cows and a bull and began roping in his friends.As members increased, so did the activities. Phone calls over business affairs are liberally peppered with bits of trivia about their bovine possession. The discussion gets serious when the group gets together.Mashru and his friends are rather fussy over the breed. You can see similar cows with the Gujarati herdsmen who have migrated to Vidarbha. \"It's not Gir but a variation of the breed,\" said Mashru. \"The head and the shape of horns of those animals are slightly different from the pure Gir,\" he adds.Currently there are nine businessmen who own Girs cows and keep them at their factories or godowns, some even at their homes. \"We are expecting a few more to be added to our club,\" says Mashru.As members increased, so did the activities. Manoj Asawa, who had brought his cow for mating at Doshi's premises, says, \"We had cows earlier, but now it is just a Gir.\" Gir owners love to flaunt their depth of knowledge and speak like expert veterinarians.\"We meet often to discuss Gir matters. We are choosy about new members. If an animal has to be given away due to paucity of space, we do not hand it over to just anyone,\" says Mashru. \"The cows are not sold. Hence the person accepting the animal must have enough resources to maintain it and, more importantly, a passion to rear the Gir breed,\" he adds.The expenses are around Rs3,000 to Rs4,000 a month per cow. \"The expenses are thinly spread as the numbers increase. This is not a commercial venture, the milk is used for consumption or donated,\" Mashru added.Rajesh Motghare, who works in a local news channel, said he had cows kept in his 1600 square feet residence near Wardhman Nagar. \"But those were Jersey and other mixed breeds. I shifted to the Gir six months ago as I feel that an indigenous breed like this should be promoted.\"A similar sentiment erupts from others too as they discourage the Jersey or Holstein breeds as 'foreign'.\"Rulers from the erstwhile princely states of Gujarat patronized cow breeding. Krishna Kumar Singh, the ruler of Bhavnagar, had a great passion for the cows. It was through his efforts that the Gir cow went to Brazil and later spread to other parts of the world,\" says Purushottam Sidhpara in Jamka village, from whose farms the cows have been sourced.Krishna Kumar had offered the Indian government help in improving the cattle breed through the stock he had. But a government valuation of mere Rs1500 left him disappointed. The Brazilians realized the worth and offered him a blank cheque. The maharaja got a whopping Rs50,000 way back in the 1960s. \"Today there is a postal stamp depicting the Gir in Brazil,\" says Sidhpara.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17729160", "title": "Give the season a Swiss twist", "text": "This Christmas season, satisfy your sweet tooth in true Swiss style. Movenpick Hotel &amp; Spa Bangalore has an array of Christmas goodies, bakes and cakes made from fruits soaked in November.The list includes stollen, Yule logs, plum cakes, mince pies, chocolate models and Santa chocolates with festive decorations. The hotel has put together a Gingerbread House where one can dig into variety of Christmas treats like Christmas plum pudding, lemon star cookies, walnut brownies, whiskey cookies, traditional breads, plum pudding, pralines and mince pies.On Christmas Eve, there will be a bountiful laid table as part of the celebrations so that guests can celebrate Christmas Italian style. The Menu di Natale will feature dishes like struffoli, cenci, panforte, pannetone and toroncino. The Italian a la carte menu at Mezzaluna or dinner buffet at My Place can be enjoyed at 1,200 (plus taxes without beverages) or 1,600 (plus taxes with beverages).You can also celebrate Christmas Day over lunch at My Place, which will serve up traditional Christmas specials, Swiss specialties and cuisine from around the world. The festive atmosphere will be enhanced with band belting out Christmas songs and contemporary music and a Santa's children corner. There will also be an a la carte Italian menu at Mezzaluna or a dinner buffet at My Place for 1,950 (plus taxes without beverages) and 2,450 (plus taxes with beverages).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "tokyo/new delhi", "code": "17726296", "title": "India signing nuclear test ban treaty to kick-start talks with Japan?", "text": "TOKYO/NEW DELHI: It may not be necessary for India to sign Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty (CTBT) for resumption of talks with Japan for peaceful use of nuclear energy but it will certainly help if any such bilateral agreement can weave in New Delhi's commitment to ban on nuclear test. Top diplomatic sources here told TOI that merely a generic voluntary moratorium on carrying out nuclear tests, which India keeps reiterating, will not be of much help.The talks for civilian nuclear cooperation between the two countries have remained suspended since the Fukushima nuclear meltdown in March, 2011. In a recent interaction with outgoing Japanese PM Yoshihiko Noda in Cambodia, PM Manmohan Singh had raised the issue of nuclear cooperation with Tokyo , but there is still no commitment from Japan exactly when talks will restart.\"Japan is not insisting that India sign CTBT but it is my reading that if India can commit to a test ban in any bilateral agreement for such a cooperation between the two countries, it will certainly make things easier,\" a top diplomatic source handling Japan's non-proliferation policy told TOI. The official was talking on the sidelines of the Fukushima ministerial conference that discussed measures to enhance nuclear safety worldwide, apart from showcasing Japan's efforts to cope up with the nuclear disaster.The official added though that Japan was not imposing any pre-conditions for resumption of nuclear dialogue. Indian officials here said though that it was not possible for New Delhi to go any further than what New Delhi had committed to before Nuclear Suppliers Group (NSG) in September, 2008, where got India a waiver to carry out nuclear commerce.Then foreign minister Pranab Mukherjee had said in a statement that India remained committed to a voluntary and unilateral moratorium on nuclear test and to negotiate a Fissile Material Cutoff Treaty (FMCT).India is hoping that the Liberal Democratic Party chief and the incoming PM, Shinzo Abe , will work towards resumption of talks. Abe shunned the policy of doing away completely with nuclear power and yet managed an emphatic win in the recent Lower House elections. After his victory, Abe has suggested that he will reconsider Japan's ban on construction of new nuclear reactors in the country.Abe had earlier described the Noda-led government's call for zero-dependence on nuclear energy as \"unrealistic and irresponsible\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17729819", "title": "'Pyar Mohabbat Zindabaad' shoot progresses", "text": "Made under Baba Baidyanath films, the shooting of Bhojpuri film 'Pyar Mohabbat Zindabaad' has started in Bihar. Film is produced and directed by Vinay Bihari. The film is a love story.Pakhi Hegde and Pawan Singh have shot for the songs of the film at various locales in Shimla and Kullu. Songs of the film are very melodious. Archana Singh, Vinay Bihari, Anand Mohan are the other stars in the movie.Source : bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "17727128", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcEmerald\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 is season\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s flavour after poll results in Himachal Pradesh", "text": "SHIMLA: The Queen of hills has always boasted of its emerald hues, being covered by a thick vegetation cover, which is complemented by roofs painted green, but these days the colour has become even more visible. According to estimates, nearly every sixth person walking on the streets of Shimla can be seen flaunting the traditional headgear (the Himachali topi with a green strip) to project their affiliation with the Congress party and loyalty towards Virbhadra Singh , who is expected to be the next chief minister.\"Himachali caps (green in particular) have accounted for sudden spurt in sales. There has been a sudden rise in sale by at least 10% rise in past three days,\" said Neena Thakur, manager at a Bhuttico outlet in Shimla. She added, \"We have caps in all hues and shades from all regions of the state, but the demand is for 'green' and everyone is buying, be it old or young. We have finished our stock of 200 caps within three days and have ordered for fresh stock as we are receiving bulk orders.Similarly, the government-owned Himachal Emporium on the Mall road has reported bulk sales of green-striped caps. Sales officer Y R Sharma said, \"We have been observing sales in bulk orders these days and nearly 8-10 pieces are being sold at a time here.\" Political scientist Kamal Sharma of Himachal Pradesh University said, \"The surge in common people wearing 'green headgears' is definitely an indicator of change in corridors of power in contrast to the trademark maroon-striped cap associated with BJP. Though people have been traditionally wearing this cap as it has been patronized as a brand gear by people of Kinnaur and Bushahar areas, and politicians and people who have been associated to Congress have been wearing the green-striped headgear since long, but this spurt is symbolic of the ideology of the voter, that they wanted change for which they have voted and are sporting by wearing it.\" He added, \"The voting patterns do suggest that in spite of corruption allegations leveled against Congress stalwart Virbhadra Singh, the common voter has reposed faith in him and is wielding the green colour to show association with him.\"Swaran Singh Negi, who travelled all the way from Kalpa in Kinnaur to Shimla, to congratulate Congress Virbhadra, said, \"Raja sahib has had a long political stint and we have faith in him. Though we have been traditionally sporting Thepang, (the green cap as known in local dialect), it is a display of our affiliation to him and the party.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17724728", "title": "46 beggars, child workers rescued", "text": "HYDERABAD: Authorities on Saturday rescued 46 beggars and child workers from Uppal and LB Nagar area in the city following a tip-off that dozens of children were being forced by local gangs to beg on streets, police said.The Andhra Pradesh Balala Hakkula Sangham together with the Juvenile Justice Board Rangareddy district saved the children. Officials said some of them were as young as six to 14 years old. Out of these rescued children there were 21 minor girls.According to Achyuta Rao, president of the NGO Balala Hakkula Sangham, the children belonged to extremely poor families and the child mafia gangs picked them up was forcing them to beg.\"More such rescue operations to save the children should take place. We should give them back their childhood,\" said Rao.He requested the state Government to rehabilitate these children and give them food, shelter and education to help them live a dignified life. The children were later handed over to the welfare committees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17726806", "title": "Hot finish to winter session", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The beginning and the end were similar. Curtains fell on the winter session of the state assembly on Saturday on an acrimonious note, akin to the manner in which had started off: Unsavoury scenes over farmers' issues.Opposition Congress members created pandemonium on the final day demanding benefits for farmers and protesting the Speaker's decision to disallow a debate on the issue. They climbed on to the Speaker's podium, tore a paper from which the Speaker was reading, broke his micrphone, threw bangles and vermillion at him, dubbed chief minister Naveen Patnaik a 'killer of democracy' and 'Hitler' and later lodged a strong protest with Governor M C Bhandare.Congress legislators, who have been aggressively protesting against Speaker Pradip Amat's alleged tilt towards the ruling BJD, went hammer and tongs against Amat and Naveen as soon as the House met for the day. They vociferously opposed the Speaker's decision not to allow a debate on the farmers' issues through an adjournment motion and trooped to the well of the House shouting slogans and holding placards seeking Rs 300 as bonus per quintal of paddy in addition to the minimum support price to farmers.The scenes turned uglier when three of the Congress legislators - Nihar Mahananda, Jogesh Singh and Dusmant Nayak - scaled the Speaker's podium and forced themselves on the desk, threw away papers while some other MLAs engaged in a scuffle with the marshals. This compelled the Speaker to adjourn the House till 12.30 pm. As the situation did not change, Amat extended it till 3 pm and finally called it a day when Mahananda threw bangles and vermillion at him.Leader of Opposition Bhupinder Singh took strong exception to the Speaker's decision not to accept a debate on farmers' problems, questioning why it was turned down when the related court case was pending in the matter. \"They have killed democracy. The chief minister is a killer of democracy. This is a government run by Hitler . The Opposition voice has been completely throttled,\" Singh alleged.This was the third time this week that Amat rejected Opposition's notices for debate. The Speaker had earlier disallowed discussions through adjournment motion on the port sector and the mysterious death of a lady doctor Madhabilata Pradhan in Puri in October on the ground that those were 'sub-judice'.BJP members also supported the Congress allegations against Amat. \"The manner in which the Speaker is running the House is ridiculous,\" said Sambalpur MLA Jayanarayan Mishra.Government chief whip Pravat Tripathy countered the opposition charges, saying: \"The Leader of Opposition instigating his party members to rush to the well and create unpleasant scenes will go down as a black chapter in legislative history.\"The winter session, which commenced on November 27, had 21 sittings.The first supplementary budget for 2012-13 was presented, surplus expenditure by the government for 14 years was appropriated, 16 Bills were passed and three others referred to the assembly's select committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "warangal", "code": "17724850", "title": "Youth sets self ablaze for Telangana \u00e2\u20ac\u02dccause\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "WARANGAL: A 24-year-old youth committed suicide for the cause of Telangana state. D Sampath, 24, resident of Saipeta of Dharmasagar mandal who took this extreme step was depressed over the controversial statements on the proposed all-party meet to be held on Dec 28 in Delhi.On December 20, late in the night Sampath, who had completed his degree, poured kerosene all over his body and set himself ablaze.His parents and neighbours rushed him to MGM hospital at Warangal, where the doctors informed that he had sustained 85% burns. Sampath died on Saturday at 3.30 pm at MGM hospital.Former MP B Vinod Kumar, Warangal West MLA D Vinaya Bhaskar and other TRS leaders rushed to the hospital to pay tributes to Sampath.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17729541", "title": "Campbell moves around in electric wheelchair", "text": "Supermodel Naomi Campbell , who injured her left leg, was spotted taking a ride in an electric chair.The model has torn ligaments in her left leg and was moving around in the machine, accompanied by security staff, reports thesun.co.uk.Wearing a hat, scarf and fur coat, the 42-year-old clutched a bag on her lap as she was pushed along. An aide trailed behind her, carrying her crutches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17729611", "title": "Aasai turned Ajith\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s career", "text": "Ajith has travelled a long way and has experimented with a lot of genres, romance, action and even shades of grey. Director Vasanth recently had something to say about the actor. The veteran director said that Ajith was way different when he was cast in the director' Aasai . The director said that ' Aasai made Ajith,' the Ajith that he is today. While Vasanth is busy with his upcoming film Moondru Per Moondru Kadhal , which has Arjun, Cheran and Vimal in the lead,Ajith just wrapped up the shoot for his untitled film directed by Vishnuvardhan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17729522", "title": "Kamal to battle it out with Imran Khan", "text": "Kamal Haasan's Viswaroopam is gearing up for release on January 11, 2013. The movie is marred by controversies surrounding the DTH premiere of the movie a day ahead of its theatrical release.The Hindi version titled Vishwaroop will be distributed by Balaji Telefilms. The B-town version will be helmed by Ekta Kapoor, who is planning to promote the film extensively in the North.Ekta Kapoor is the daughter of yesteryear actor Jeetendra. Interestingly, Jeetendra and Kamal Haasan happen to be good friends and hence Ekta is leaving no stone unturned to take the film to greater heights.At the same time, Vishal Bhardwaj's Matru Ki Bijlee Ka Mandola starring Imran Khan, Anushka Sharma and Pankaj Kapur is also releasing on the same date.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17725332", "title": "Court defers attachment of properties of ex-ministers", "text": "LUCKNOW: Sessions judge KK Sharma on Saturday deferred order for attachment of properties of former ministers Rangnath Mishra and Chandradev Ram Yadav in the LACCFED scam till January 4. The court said that the applications for surrender moved by the duo were already fixed on that date. However, the court did not restrain the investigators from arresting the accused.The court also said that the investigators could not place any evidence that the former ministers ever tried to influence prosecution witnesses and destroy evidence.The investigators had filed an application for direction of the court to attach property of the accused. They had said that the former ministers had been declared absconders by the court, so the accused are influencing witnesses and removing their properties to frustrate the attachment proceedings. tnnFormer advocate general and senior advocate Jyotindra Mishra on behalf of Rangnath Mishra and advocate Satyendra Singh for Yadav appeared and argued that the accused cooperated in the probe and desire to surrender in the court on January 4.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17729742", "title": "Man on the mountain", "text": "7 years after quietly quitting Mumbai, hotshot hotelier Sanjay Narang is traced to Landour where he's helping others 'find happiness'.Sanjay Narang speaks at the hurried pace of someone who wants to escape. But not in a discourteous way. The smile is genuine; the good humour, unaffected. It's only that he has discovered a better realm and can't wait to fly.The party boy of the '90s now lives in chilly Landour \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a tiny cantonment town 35 kms from Dehradun \u00e2\u20ac\u201d handing over the reins of Mars Hospitality Services, which he built with sister Rachna, in the trusted hands of a CEO.Narang is rarely in Mumbai these days. When he does drop in, he comes no further than the airport approach road where the hotel he puts up at stands. \"I land here and I hate it. I know I shouldn't be saying this, but I can't wait to get back. I think I went to Pizza By The Bay (his Arabian Sea-facing pizzeria, launched in a new avatar this March) only once, when it opened. You cannot imagine how beautiful it is there (Landour),\" he says.Contentment has settled softly around his midriff, above what look like tailored dad jeans. The last vestiges of the glamour and material success of his former life sit on his wrist in the form of a Hublot Big Bang.What made a man, who opened hit theme restaurants like cans of cola, and dated a beauty queen , move to the hills?\"We (he and Rachna) were thrown out of the family business in 1990 and had to bag jobs with the Taj group (of hotels),\" he explains. While he worked with Taj Air caterers, Rachna handled the Taj-Birdys food services. Five years later, the siblings launched Mars, the group that birthed landmark restaurants Not Just Jazz by the Bay, Just Around The Corner, Dosa Diner, discotheque Polly Esther's and the Gordon House hotels .Eight years into the business, they chose consolidation over expansion. \"You can have 10 restaurants, 20, 30... there is no limit. Then one day, you have 70, but it's time to die. We realised, fortunately at a very young age, that life is not just about acquiring more work.\" The Narangs sold most of their business, keeping the trophy properties close to their heart.A trip in 2005 to his alma mater, Woodstock School, a 158-year-old Christian residential institution in Landour, Uttarakhand , changed everything. He loved it up there, and saw opportunity to help. The Landour Community Hospital, run by the Emmanuel Hospital Association (EHA) that provides medical care in the most remote parts of India, is located near the Indo-China border. \"I used to go there as a student with chicken pox , measles , the works. It was run by American missionaries, who left India in the '70s. I was shocked to see its state. It was falling apart.\"That became Narang's first project. He calls its restoration a fantastic experience; one with no budget or performance parameters to meet. The Saturday morning after it opened, Narang dropped in to see 300 out-patients waiting in line. \"They were all the villagers, some of them holding babies. I didn't know a single one, but the sense of exhilaration was unparalleled,\" he smiles.Narang's parameter for success, then, is happiness. \"You cannot measure success by your wealth or fame... I mean how many watches or cars can you buy, really? Once you are content with what you have, you try and make others happy, too.\"It's this path that drove him up the hill. In Landour, which has seen no development in the last 150 years, Narang's daily routine includes walking 20 kms, around the Chakkar \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a figure 8-path along two mountain tops. \"I must have walked it some 3000 times already, and no two times have been the same,\" he says. The air, recently tested, shows no trace of any known pollutant. Within this community of everyone knows everyone, and everyone says 'how-do-you-do?', Narang has built his home.It's a dream, perched on a hill top, he says. On one side, 1000 feet below, is the valley. \"You can see storms coming in; the lightening is below you. We are at about 8000 feet, and on many days, it's clouded below with the blue sky overhead; you feel like you are in an aeroplane. North are the greater Himalayas; the snow capped region where Tibet is. That's at about 25,000 feet above sea level. I haven't spent an unhappy day here in seven years.\"Close by, he has acquired another property that he restored into a boutique hotel with 12 bedrooms for his guests. This would appear hard to top \u00e2\u20ac\u201d but he's at it already. Another plot, that he took four years to find, is where he is building his next home. \"If this home is a dream; that one's ecstasy,\" he laughs.It sounds like nesting, but there is no mate in sight for the man who once dated Sushmita Sen. Surely, the dating pool in Landour must seem rustic. \"Let's put it this way,\" he clarifies. \"The selection of women in Mumbai may be greater, but the quality... I haven't met anyone to settle down with.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17726397", "title": "Ernakulam RTO gets Rs 2 crore for computerized driving station", "text": "KOCHI: Kerala's road safety authority has allotted Rs 2 crore to the Ernakulam RTO for the construction of an automated driving test track and allied facilities.According to the officials with the motor vehicles department (MVD), Kerala public works department (PWD) is preparing the estimate for the project.Since, MVD has been facing difficulties in conducting driving tests due to space constraints, the government had earlier allotted around 2 acres at Thuthiyoor near Kakkanad for the purpose. \"The fund from the road safety authority will be used for constructing special tracks and ground for the driving test. We will then replace the existing manual driving test system with an automated one,\" said Ernakulam RTO, B J Antony.The tracks for the test would be marked with thermoplastic paint to capture the movement of vehicles. Computers connected to the motor vehicles control room will capture the visuals of candidates while driving.The candidates appearing for the driving test for light motor vehicles are supposed to undergo three phases of the test- H test, gradient test and parking test. As of now, the candidates don't have to undergo any gradient test which checks their ability to stop the vehicle at an ascending point and resume the driving from there.After analyzing the visuals, the computer will generate the result based on the test. This will not only reduce the number of staff required for conducting the test but also rule out any malpractice associated with it. The only automated driving test station in the state is in Kozhikode.MVD has plans to replicate the project in Thiruvananthapuram also.The fund from the road safety authority will be used for constructing special tracks and ground for the driving test.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17726904", "title": "Common hall could shield from louts", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A common hall for girl students to rest and spend the waiting time could bring them reprieve from eve-teasers.The idea came up about four years back and university authorities spent some resources too to provide common rooms, but the facility is either absent in most of the departments or used by the department for other purposes.Although plan was to provide the facility to all departments of the four faculties, but only a few departments could benefit, including Botany, Ancient History, Centre for Behavioral and Cognitive Sciences (CBCS), Psychology and Economics.In some departments including Medieval and Modern History, Education and Political Science, the university authorities had created the facility (a large room with attached toilet) but the room is being used by the departmental authorities for other purpose.At the department of English, the department, the room is used by faculty members and same is the case in Medieval and Modern History department.\"If we had a common hall in our department, we would have escaped these elements at least on the campus as we don't think that authorities will do anything to protect us,\" said a student of AU.Another student of the department of Home Science added, \"Since our department has every facility we need, we don't go anywhere else and by all means try to avoid going to the Arts campus as not only on that campus but also on the way passing Katra market, we have to face eve teasers\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17725432", "title": "Man held for raping daughter for 3 years", "text": "JAIPUR: In yet another shocking case of crime against women , a man was arrested by the city police for allegedly raping his 17-year-old daughter for over three years.At a time when the country is seething with anger over instances of violence against women, the case of a father sexually exploiting his child adds to the increasing number of adult-child incest cases reported in the state.In 2012, so far four such cases have been reported in the city where girls have been sexually abused by their fathers.The accused was nabbed from Okha Port in Gujarat, where he was running a tea stall.The man identified as Vidhyadhar Saini alias Vijay (45) confessed to the crime during primary interrogation.He claimed that he was not the biological father of the girl as he met her pregnant mother on a train nearly 18 years ago and later married her.\"He has confessed to his crime and admitted that he forced the girl into a sexual relationship with him for almost three years,\" said a senior police officer of Shastri Nagar police station.According to the police, the victim with the help of some NGOs reported the matter to the police in July. Following an investigation into her charges, a case of rape was lodged against the father at Shastri Nagar police station in November.\"The man hails from a hamlet near Khetri town of Jhunjhunu district. On July 17, 2012 the victim fled home and met some social workers in Jaipur and narrated her plight,\" a senior police officer said.Police raided various places in Jhunjhunu, Dausa and Mumbai and finally got a tip-off that the accused was working at a port in Okha in Gujarat.In her statement to the police, the girl alleged that she was raped by her father for over three years. She also alleged that she was pregnant and was forced to undergo abortion in Chennai. Medical examination of the girl has confirmed that she was raped.Senior police officers said that similar cases of abuse were reported from Kanota, Sanganer Sadar and Mohana.Psychiatrists held deterioration in human values and relations responsible for these heinous acts.\"It is a clear example of deterioration in the human relations and the way joint family structure has fallen apart. People commit such crimes being fully aware of their repercussions,\" said Dr R K Solanki, former head of psychiatry, SMS hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17726245", "title": "Goa state pollution control board cracks whip on municipalities", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa state pollution control board (GSPCB) sought details from all municipalities regarding the quantity of biodegradable and non-biodegradable waste being collected within their jurisdiction, and directed them to begin the process of segregation.After a sub-committee meeting of the GSPCB's monitoring-cum-working committee, municipal officers were taken to the Corporation of city of Panaji' animal shelter and shown how segregation is done, in four categories- glass, metal, plastic and paper.\"The municipal officers were asked to ensure segregation in a similar manner in their council jurisdiction, to reduce the load on the landfill,\" member secretary of the GSPCB, Levinson Martins, said, adding that consultant Patricia Pinto has agreed to train the workers. The training could be scheduled in consultation with the GSPCB, Martins said.Another meeting was held with private contractors who collect wet and dry garbage from hotel units and scrap yard owners. During the meeting, contractors said that they have piggeries and dairies which consume bio-degradable waste collected, while non-biodegradable waste is given to recyclers.The GSPCB also directed private contractors to submit details such as the name of the agency, location of operation, approvals for carrying out the activities from government panchayat authorities, if any, and land possession documents such as survey plan, forms I &amp; XIV and storage space available.The contractors were also asked to submit details like the name of hotels or restaurants they collect waste from, and the quantity of waste collected by them, including bio-degradable, non-biodegradable, recyclable and non-recyclable, said Martins.There were two scrap yard operators present at the meeting. GSPCB directed them to provide the names of establishments from whom they collect waste, and the quantity of non-recyclable waste.The scrap yard operators were also asked to communicate these instructions to all other scrap yard operators dealing with plastic waste and other combustible non-recyclable waste.The board also decided to send a similar communication to all private contractors collecting waste, and to the director of the department of industry, trade and commerce (DITC), to seek details from scrap yard operators, in the format attached, said Martins.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17724251", "title": "Buyer shoots seller to test gun", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A youth who went to sell a country-made gun to a man near Vaishnodevi circle on Friday got injured by a bullet injury when the buyer insisted on testing the gun and the weapon misfired. Police have registered a case of attempt to murder against the assailant. The officials will also charge the youth for carrying illegal arms.According to Bopal police officials, passers-by spotted a youth with a bullet wound on his stomach near toll booth on Vaishnodevi circle - Shilaj road on Friday night and rushed him to a nearby hospital for treatment.Police identified the youth as Maulik Patel, a resident of Kolwada near Gandhinagar and informed his family. Patel is a student of diploma civil engineering in Rajasthan.\"During police questioning, Maulik, 24, confessed that he had brought the firearm from Rajasthan to sell it off and make some money. He came in contact with Ambalal Patel, a resident of Ognaj, who showed interest in the purchase. The duo met near the toll booth where Maulik gave him the gun. Patel insisted on testing the weapon and fired a round,\" said a police official.The bullet however misfired and hit Maulik in the stomach. Panicked, Ambalal fled from the spot as Maulik was spotted by the public who took him to a hospital.Police have started search for Patel as accused in an attempt to murder case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "seoul", "code": "17725840", "title": "Launch a hit, North Korea\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Kim Jong-un eyes bigger rockets", "text": "SEOUL: North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has ordered the development of bigger rockets, state media said on Saturday, after Pyongyang sparked international condemnation with a long-range rocket launch. He gave the order to scientists, technicians and others involved in this month's launch at a banquet on Friday, the Korean Central News Agency (KCNA) said.\"You should develop and launch a variety of more working satellites, including communications satellite, and carrier rockets of bigger capacity,\" Kim was quoted as saying by KCNA. \"The launch... was a grand declaration that demonstrated the DPRK's (North Korea's) independent and legitimate right to use space for peaceful purposes before the world.\"He added that the rocket, the satellite and monitoring devices were \"indigenously produced, 100%\".Kim had already stressed the need to put more satellites into space two days after the December 12 launch.North Korea says the launch put a satellite in orbit for peaceful research, but critics say it amounted to a banned ballistic missile test that marked a major advance for the communist state's nuclear weapons programme.It sparked international condemnation, including from the UN, although the North's main ally China is said by diplomats to be resisting US-led efforts to order new sanctions against Pyongyang at the Security Council.Pyongyang is already under international sanctions for conducting two nuclear tests in 2006 and 2009.Kim had already called for sending more scientific satellites into space on the day of the launch. But his speech on Friday marks the first time he is explicitly calling for the advancement of his country's long-range rocket programme. agencies", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17726482", "title": "Civic body's lethargy to blame for litigation over Godavari pollution", "text": "Even as the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) prepares to host the Kumbh mela in 2015, it is up against litigation for failing to curb pollution of river Godavari where millions of pilgrims take a holy dip.Acting on a Public Interest Litigation (PIL) recently, the Bombay high court has sent notices to the civic body and the state government, the Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (MPCB) and the central government, on pollution in the Godavari. Both governments and their agencies have been asked to submit affidavits by January 24 on the PIL filed by a local NGO. The litigation was filed after a series of agitations by the locals failed to evoke a response from the agencies.It is the primary duty of the civic body to ensure that the river is free of pollution, but ironically, it is the civic body which is one of the main polluters as it continues to release untreated sewage into the river. Civic officials claim that once they are able to upgrade the sewage treatment system in the city, the issue would be resolved. However, the long-pending proposal of building a sewage treatment plant at Gangapur is mired in controversy.The previous municipal commissioner B D Sanap was transferred earlier this year after he allegedly defied the government's diktat on land acquisition and attempted to bulldoze a proposal to grant Transfer of Development Right (TDR) to the landholders of Gangapur.Now, the court has stayed land acquisition for the Gangapur sewage treatment plant. The plant could have been built much earlier, but the NMC and the district administration have failed to gauge the urgency of the project for the past decade. The proposal to acquire land was moved in 2001, but red tapism has delayed it. The collectorate took up the proposal in 2009-10.Subsequently, with pressure mounting on the collectorate and the civic body for making preparations for hosting the next Kumbh, the bureaucracy woke up in November 2011 and decided to invoke the urgency clause of the Land Acquisition Act, 1894. The landholders, who are demanding proper valuation of their land and accuse the government of not following the norm of inviting suggestions and objections before acquisition, have moved the court.Likewise, in another sewage treatment plant set up at Tapovan, the Supreme Court has ordered the NMC to deposit Rs 36 crore in a litigation over value of land acquired. The NMC, which is facing a financial crunch has decided to give a bank guarantee, instead.Like sewage, industrial effluents continue to flow into the river unabated. The NMC and the MPCB have not been able to curb it. The MPCB has been issuing notices to the erring industries intermittently, but has failed to take any stern action beyond that.Apart from sewage being released in the river, removal of water hyacinth has been a major issue related to pollution. Officials point out that the micro-nutrients from the sewage aid in the proliferation of hyacinth and that the release of untreated sewage would stop after the Gangapur sewage treatment plant becomes operational. The presence of hyacinth indicates the extent of pollution in the river by the NMC which has the primary duty of keeping the river clean.A recent survey by the Tourism Finance Corporation of India - a central government agency- has found that the river water is not fit for bathing, ringing the alarm bell in the run-up to the Kumbh.The issue has now gone to the judiciary, which in our country, is the last resort to sort out a contentious issue that is either too complicated or is ignored by the polity and the bureaucracy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17726646", "title": "Fear, loathing, fight-back", "text": "When the Dhaula Kuan rape happened, I told myself she was out on the road at two in the morning. So I won't ever do that and I'll be safe. When a girl was recently gang-raped in Gurgaon, I told myself that I would just never go to Gurgaon. But this time, the girl got into a bus at 9.30 in the evening. She had a male friend with her. She had broken no rules, but she was still raped. Now there's nothing left to tell myself... apart from maybe I should stop living in Delhi,\" says Yashodhara Bhatt, 26, a fashion stylist, as she recounts the dreadful sequence of events that has convulsed the national capital in the last one week.Bhatt is articulating what millions of Indian women, both young and old, across the country are feeling today \u00e2\u20ac\u201d fear and loathing. If you turn an ear towards it and listen carefully after 6 pm, when it gets dark, you can almost hear it. Delhi suddenly seems a little quieter, and one half of its population a little more scared than it already was before. A question mark hangs over the capital of India. Look closer and the question mark morphs into the face of an anxious woman, any woman. She wants answers, but there don't seem to be any. Parul Kumari, 30, the owner of a home furnishings store in Delhi, says she's had friends call her over the phone and begin to cry. And that she herself has trouble sleeping because she cannot stop thinking about what the girl must have had to live through while she was in the bus. And Nazoo Sharma, who is 23 and a lawyer in Delhi, says she is the same age as the victim. \"She was watching a movie \u00e2\u20ac\u201d The Life of Pi \u00e2\u20ac\u201d with a friend. They were trying to get home. That girl is me. She was doing exactly what I do. Go out with a friend. Chill out. But now when I call my mother for reassurance, she says, 'I cannot protect you'.\" The fear has spread, outwards across the country. In Bangalore, Shraddha Selvan, 39, a dentist, reminds you her city is home to the second-highest number of crimes against women, after Delhi. In Kolkata, Divya Banerjee, 27, a lawyer, remembers the argument six bikers picked up with her and a male friend as they sipped on beer in their car near Salt Lake . \"They were muscle for a political party. They wanted money because we were indulging in 'wrongful activities'. They let us go because, thankfully, I knew the local party leader. But what if I hadn't?\" And in Mumbai, Caroline D'Souza, 35, a merchandising manager in a garment export house, says \"After you've been raped, at least then your ordeal should stop. But it doesn't.\"To placate Bhatt, and Parul, Nazoo, Shraddha, Divya and Caroline, the Karnataka state assembly has dusted off the \"draconian\" Goonda Act for use against rapists. In Nashik, police have begun to note down the numbers of autos ferrying lone passengers from the railway station to the bus stand. In Lucknow, the police say the beat system and foot patrolling will now be vigorously carried out.But if the anxiety has multiplied, so has the anger. And there's a fight-back happening across towns, cities and metros. Groups of enraged women demanding justice for the bus rape victim and better protection for the vulnerable in future have already been water-cannoned twice. They have been shoved into waiting police vehicles and have endured the severe Delhi chill during night vigils at India Gate. But they are in no mood to relent.\"A tipping point has been reached,\" says Deepak Mehta, associate professor with Delhi University's Department of Sociology. \"It should first force us to clean up our transport system. Because if you look at the figures, an unproportionally large number of rapes by strangers (as opposed to rape by men who know their victims) happen in moving vehicles.\"Then, he adds, perhaps we will move on to educating boys and girls about the opposite sex. \"But that begins in the classroom. It takes years and is harder to do.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17724931", "title": "Christmas to witness reunion of IIM-Lucknow first PGP batch", "text": "LUCKNOW: This Christmas might be different at Indian Institute of Management, Lucknow (IIM-L) with the homecoming of the first batch of Post Graduate Programme students from December 24 to 26.Nostalgia 2012 will bring together the first batch (class of 1987) of IIM-L to celebrate its silver jubilee. Their reunion will be held along with the reunion of the batches of 1992, 1997, 2002 and 2007. This is the first time that the batches of 1987 and 1992 will step on the 200 acre campus. The classes of these two batches were held in a makeshift campus at the Giri Institute in 1985-87.More than 200 alumni are expected to visit the campus along with their families to relive the old days spent with their friends. The event will be attended by CEOs of top MNCs, senior VPs and leading entrepreneurs. Former directors and faculty members of IIM-L, who had taught the students of these batches will also be present.To celebrate the occasion, a number of formal and informal events are scheduled. Programmes such as 'Back to Classroom' where the alumni get to attend an early morning class, which is to be conducted by their favourite faculty or the 'Re-graduation Ceremony' where they will get to wear their graduation hats and will feel like students yet again. There will be late night retro themed parties amidst bonfire, music and much more.The event will be inaugurated by IIM-L director, Prof Devi Singh. The last day of the reunion will see an interactive session, called 'Anubhav' where the former students will share their experiences and 25 years of life journey. Cultural programmes will be held in the evening.Speaking on the occasion, chairman, alumni affairs, Prof Devashish Das Gupta said, \"It's 25 years after that these students are visiting their alma mater and we have tried to make this as memorable as we can.\"Christmas", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "bhadrak", "code": "17726780", "title": "No action in Bhadrak IAY scam", "text": "BHADRAK: The district administration is yet to take action against corrupt officials in Bhadrak's Bont block despite submission of a report to project director, District Rural Development Agency(DRDA), for more than a year on an inquiry into scam in allotment of IAY houses.Official sources said a joint inquiry was conducted by additional project director (scheme) and additional project director (technical) of the DRDA after Bramhananda Parida, a resident of Bont, had submitted a written complaint to secretary, panchayati raj department, stating that more than six beneficiaries of the panchayat were provided housing facilities under IAY more than once between 2007 and 2010. The findings of the enquiry report tabled on December 2, 2011, revealed corruption by officials of Bont block and confirmed the allegation of the petitioner.\"I have written to Bont BDO to take action against the officials found guilty,'' said Sasadhar Nayak, project director, DRDA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17724897", "title": "A year on, rehab scheme totters", "text": "NEW DELHI: Almost a year has passed since the Delhi government has come up with a Rs 15-crore compensation scheme to help victims of rape, acid attack, trafficking, kidnapping and child abuse, but very few have been benefitted.According to the scheme, Delhi Legal Service Authority (DLSA) is empowered to decide on the compensation amount. But since the notification in February 2012, DLSA has given Rs 12.71 compensation to four rape victims. Another case has been settled without any compensation while 18 applications are pending. In 2011, 572 rape cases were reported in the city and 635 in 2012.NGOs working for rehabilitation of rape victims say it is difficult to get compensation from DLSA. With no clear application guideline, victims find it difficult to get even basic financial help for medical treatment. \"Rape victims need immediate help, but it is not available,\" said Arti Gupta, advocate with Delhi Commission for Women (DC W).Nearly 20 days ago, the Tis Hazari court ordered immediate compensation for an 11-year-old rape victim, said Gupta. \"We approached DLSA, but the victim is yet to get compensation. We have been asked to get the victim on January 23 to DLSA for compensation hearing. Is this what we call immediate help? These victims are already traumatized and delay in financial help just make it difficult to carry on,\" she added.Activists say the procedure is unclear and getting financial assistance for a rape victim who is poor or doesn't have a home is \"next to impossible\". \"DLSA asks for residence proof. Where will a person who lives on streets of Delhi get a residence proof? A large number of women living in slums and streets of Delhi are victims of sexual assault. Also, they can't make several trips to DLSA to get the aid as they have to earn their livelihood,\" said Kiran Jha Thaku, director of Kalpana, an NGO that manages the crisis intervention centre in central Delhi.\"There are many loopholes in the scheme. Financial assistance should be provided immediately. There is an urgent need to simplify the procedure,\" said Gupta.Earlier, DCW used to give an immediate financial assistance of Rs 10,000 to the victims. But the practice has been discontinued since the launch of the compensation scheme. \"It was much better earlier. At least, the victims used to get some money for their treatment and other requirements. Now, the procedure is lengthy and unclear. Financial assistance is provided immediately only when court orders. The government has to deposit the money in the court. We have applied for compensation in three rape cases, the victims are yet to get the money,\" said Raj Mangal Prasad, director of Pratidhi, an NGO managing the crisis intervention centre in east Delhi.Kiran Walia, the minister of women and child department, told TOI, \"There is no reason why there should be any delay. The scheme was introduced to give victims financial help immediately so that they can be rehabilitated fast. We will look into the matter and streamline the system.\"While Brijesh Sethi, member secretary, Delhi Legal Aid, DLSA, was not available, the administrative staff claimed many victims did not get compensation as they didn't come for second hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17726361", "title": "6-year jail term for man, a 'life term' for wife", "text": "MYSORE: For six years, Shanthi M G could not step out of her house. Almost 75% of her face was burnt in an acid attack. Eleven years after the attack, Shanthi's life is still not the same. But for her perpetrator, her husband of 14 years, life became normal after a measly six-year term in jail.Shanthi's husband attacked her with acid after she refused to pay him money for his drink. The year was 2001 and Shanthi was in her late 20s. She'd been married for 14 years. The attack left her face completely disfigured, she lost complete sight in one eye and partly in the other.Her life changed completely after the attack. Her son Rathan was 12 and daughter Varshini was 10 when Shanthi was attacked. She now recalls how her daughter would faint every time she saw her face. Even people were scared of talking to her.Though her family members eventually came around and supported her, society did not. She was forced to change her rented houses frequently as the owners could simply not tolerate her disfigured face for long. The frequent change in residential address also meant that Shanthi was deprived of social security pension. She continues to lead a life in isolation, devoid of all social activities, while the culprit is leading a happy life after his release. Even now, Shanthi has to wear a mask every time she leaves her house.\"My life became horrible after the attack. I could neither live nor die. I am living this life for my children,\" Shanthi says.Every month, she spends more than Rs 2,000 on her treatment and medicines. She has been deprived of a government job. So far, she has undergone eleven corrective surgeries.Shanthi, who is now 42, says: \"My husband walked out freely after six years in prison. But my face has been disfigured for life and my children also suffer because of this.\" She hopes the government introduces more stringent laws to punish attackers severely and curb acid attacks.The scarred historyShanthi worked as a teacher at a private school. When her husband stopped working, the family's responsibility fell on her shoulders.Eventually, her husband took to habitual drinking and started harassing her for money. One day, an adamant Shanthi refused to pay him money. This irked her drunkard husband so much that he threw acid on her face in front of their children.With nearly 75 pc of her face burnt, she was confined to her house for six years.Her 12-year-old son was forced to drop out of school and take up a job. Her parents sold their properties for her treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17729821", "title": "SMC discusses proposals for 11 Rail Over Bridges with railways", "text": "SURAT: Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) officials have started exercise of getting permission of Railways for construction of 11 Rail over bridges (ROB) over rail tracks in different parts of the city.These ROB's are proposed by bridge cell of SMC and some of them are a part of BRTS scheme in implementation in Surat.\" It has been observed that in the past and even in cases of some on going projects , the long approval procedures of Railways has delayed our work and projects.\" Said an official from bridge cell. \"It is mandatory for us to get the approval of Railways if the proposed construction passes over rail tracks and so our hands are tied up.\" He added.After a long and detailed conversation with Aniruddha Jain, Chief Engineer of Western railway in Mumbai, SMC officials said that they are hopeful that now the approvals will come fast and infrastructure building work would not be delayed. At present 3 ROB's are under construction and three more are proposed.There are four ROB's under BRTS and one is to be made by Surat Urban development authority (SUDA). The list of under construction ROB in the city include Anjana Farm ROB, Dindoli-Godadara ROB and Dindoli -Kharwasa ROB .Where as proposed ROB list include Bhestan Railcrossing ROB, Dindoli-Limbayat ROB, Udhna -Limbayat ROB, BRTS ROB, Surat Navsari main road -Dindoli ROB on Ahmedabad-Mumbai main line, Utran railway station ROB, Afzalnagar -Rajeev nagar ROB, Chidiyakui ROB, SUDA ROB and Sachin-Magdalla ROB .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17724920", "title": "H G S Parihar is new Oudh Bar Association president", "text": "LUCKNOW: Senior lawyer HGS Parihar has been elected president of Oudh Bar Association in the annual general elections held on Friday. He secured 858 votes and defeated Shiva Kant Tiwari who got 590 votes. For the post of general secretary, advocate AM Tripathi defeated Nalani Jain by 269 votes. Satish Chandra Kashish clinched the post of senior vice-president, whereas UC Singh was elected as treasurer of the OBA.Counting was continuing till late hours for other 18 posts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "17724349", "title": "Manipur grapples with rising number of crimes against women", "text": "IMPHAL: There has been a steep rise in crime against women in Manipur despite the emergence of a large number of women's vigil groups and civil bodies and higher recruitment in the police department.Gender analysts here said misuse of technology, delayed delivery of justice, poor economic condition and imposition of the controversial Armed Forces (Special Powers) Act (Afspa) are some of the factors fuelling crime against women in the state. They said lack of human rights and gender equality education in police training and non-implementation of gender issues in education are adding to the problem.According to a report filed by the NGO Women Action for Development (WAD), 251 cases of violence against women took place in the state between January and October this year. According to news reports, these include 21 rape cases, four rapes and murders, 16 murders, 78 trafficking cases, seven molestations, one immolation, 41 brutal physical assaults, four abductions, 56 missing cases, three abandonments and two cases of intimidation. WAD secretary Sobita Mangshtabam said there were also many unaccounted cases of crime against women which were not reported in the media.\"After October, six new cases including murder and hanging were reported,\" said Sobita, citing the molestation and assault on a Manipuri film actress by an alleged NSCN (IM) cadre on Tuesday night during a musical concert at the Chandel district headquarters as the latest case reported.\"The government should frame a specific policy and there should be a structural change in the system to ensure people are well aware of gender equality issues and to erase the male-dominated society's 'might is right' notion,\" Sobita added.A separate budget allocation should be made for launching an effective programme to check violence against women, she said, saying it was a long-term measure. As part of short-term policy, the government to provide relief and rehabilitation packages to the victims and ensure speedy trial of all pending cases of crime against women so that perpetrators are punished accordingly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17726394", "title": "Kerala State Electricity Board set to revive ring main project", "text": "KOCHI: After much delay, Kerala State Electricity Board (KSEB) is all set start the ring main project that will interconnect all electrical sections in the city. Once the Rs 210 crore project is completed, the city won't face power disruptions due to technical reasons.KSEB will complete the tender process by mid-January and award the contract by the end of the month.\"We have sought the legal advice and opinion of our finance wing on the pre-qualification bids submitted. Then the pre-qualification committee of the board will consider the bids. Once they give the approval, we will be able to open the financial bids and award the work,\" said KSEB chief engineer V V Sathyarajan. \"We expect that the tender procedures can be completed by mid-January and so the work can start by February,\" he said.Once the project is being implemented under the accelerated power development programme (APDP) is completed, all the transformers in the city would be connected to the ring main unit. If any of these transformers fail, the distribution system would draw power from the neighbouring systems automatically. Overhead lines in the city will be replaced with underground cables. KSEB will need 200 km of cables to connect the various stretches in the city. The project is expected to be completed within a year. With the project, KSEB aims to bring down the transmission loss to less than 15% from the current 19% over the next five years.If KSEB is able to reduce transmission loss to 15%, the Union government will give 10 per cent of the project cost each year. So KSEB will get 50% of the project cost as grant from the Union government if it controls transmission loss.The amount set aside for the project is Rs 179 crore and the remaining amount will be utilized for constructing a sub-station at Gandhinagar. The project was delayed on account of a petition in the court alleging corruption in awarding the work to a Korean firm. Recently, the court ordered the government to take up the project.If a transformer fails after the project is implemented, it will draw power from the neighbouring system automatically.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17727145", "title": "Two more toy trains running on Kalka-Shimla route to meet tourist rush", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Tourists who are looking forward to celebrating Christmas and New Year in Shimla have a better option to reach the hill station with two more toy trains running on the Kalka-Shimla route from Friday. Seeing the rush from West Bengal and Delhi in particular, Northern Railways started the two toy trains from Kalka to Shimla. The departure timings of these trains from Kalka have been fixed in such a manner that it gets connected with other trains' arrival at Kalka.The first toy train with a capacity of about 100 passengers leaves at 6.30am. All coaches are first class. The timings of this train are such that those arriving on board Howrah-Kalka mail at 4.30am can board it. The second toy train departs at 12.45pm and is connected with the Himalayan Queen and Shatabdi from Delhi arriving at Kalka at 11.20 am and 11.40am, respectively. This toy train has first and second class bogies with a total capacity of about 150 people.\"We have started two toy trains and timings have been fixed in such a manner that it gets connected with the other trains arriving at Kalka. These two trains will continue its services till the first week of January, but seeing the rush it can be extended also,\" said P K Sanghi, DRM, Ambala division.Apart from these two toy trains, Northern Railways is already running five toy trains from Kalka to Shimla.The 97-km track, figuring in UNESCO world heritage list, has over 900 sharp curves besides 102 tunnels and 988 bridges. It is the sharp curves which have made the proposal of increasing speed of the trains not feasible as it could result in accidents on the curves, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "17726222", "title": "Former sarpanch of Calangute assaulted by Baga resident", "text": "CALANGUTE: Albert Fernandes, an ex-sarpanch of the Calangute village panchayat, was allegedly assaulted by Baga resident Francis Fernandes on Saturday morning.According to sources, Albert was walking home after attending early morning mass in a church in Agarvaddo, Calangute, when he was assaulted by Francis, an employee of a resort in Arpora. The assailant made good his escape after the assault. Albert suffered some minor injuries to his face due to the assault.The Calangute police have registered an offence against Francis and are investigating into the matter, said Calangute PI Nolasco Raposo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17729675", "title": "No Kajal Aggarwal", "text": "For the Hindi remake of the Ilayathalapthy-starrer Thuppakki, a lot of names like Parineeti Chopra , Kajal Aggarwal have been tossed around for the female lead. Sonakshi Sinha is the latest name added to the list to play Akshay Kumar's love interest.Sonakshi has already teamed up with Akshay in films like Rowdy Rathore and Joker. Though Kajal Aggarwal played the role in the Tamil version, she refused to the media saying that she is not doing the Hindi version. The Hindi remake will be made by AR Murugadoss, who will return to Bollywood after delivering a blockbuster in Ghajini.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17725232", "title": "January 11 date set for HC hearing on enhancement charge issue", "text": "GURGAON: For several months now, industry owners in Manesar have opposed the imposition of enhancement charges in their area by mounting street demonstrations. Now, it looks as if the duel between the developer HSIIDC and the industrialists is going to be played out on the legal front. One of the local associations here has filed a writ petition in the Punjab and Haryana high court seeking a stay on enhancement collection in the industrial model township (IMT).\"Our petition has been accepted by the high court. And the next hearing has been scheduled for January 11, 2013,\" said Manoj Tyagi, general secretary, IMT Industrial Association.Plot owners in the IMT are being asked to over Rs 3,550 per square metre as enhancement charges by the HSIIDC. And the industrial community, by and large, remains opposed to the demand. \"We have sought a stay on the enhancement collection in our area. It is unreasonable to ask the industrialists pay extra money, while the corporation keeps making profits,\" said Tyagi.Many here say that the corporation is asking way too much in the form of enhancements. While some still maintain that enhancement collection should be scrapped altogether from HSIIDC's agenda. \"We have already paid enough in the form of taxes, so enhancement money should be incurred by the corporation on its own,\" said an industrialist.HSIIDC officials say that their demand is perfectly legitimate, and that they have even provided the protestors with documents detailing how the enhancement costs were calculated for this area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17724379", "title": "Transport dept to take cops' help to recover road tax", "text": "BOKARO: The district transport department is planning to seek help from police to seize vehicles which are not paying road taxes. The department has identified 3,100 commercial vehicles, mainly trucks, buses and trailers.The move comes after a directive from senior officials in the transport department, which plans to reap Rs 12.61 crore from defaulters. DTO Vijay Kumar Gupta has geared up to collect revenue from the defaulters by seeking help from police following a recent order by senior transport officials from state headquarters.Transport officials have already lodged certificate cases against 2,201 defaulters with Bokaro executive magistrate Poonam Kachap and Bermo DCLR Anil Singh. The department will seek body warrant and attachment of property of these defaulters.\"Those 3,100 vehicles, which are running without paying road taxes, definitely do not have insurance , fitness certificates and permits. We are going to put up the names of defaulters at the transport office and send it to all the police stations across the district besides handing it to mobile police and motor vehicles inspector (MVI), so that they are nabbed soon,\" DTO Vijay Kumar Gupta said.\"Defaulters are causing huge revenue loss to the state exchequer. The recovery of taxes will overcome the loss suffered by the department,\" he said.The department initiated the process a year ago by serving notices to owners of around 2,201 trucks, trailers and buses, who are defaulters. Majority of these defaulters belong to Bermo, Gomia, Nawadih, Petarwar and other naxal-prone areas.Gupta said road taxes have to be paid quarterly by the commercial vehicle owners while private owners pay one-time road tax during the time of purchase of the vehicle. At present there are 2.92 lakh vehicles registered with Bokaro transport office. Of them, there are 9662 trucks, 388 buses, 43744 cars, 4418 taxis, 7406 jeeps, 9610 three-wheelers, 2.25 lakhs two-wheelers and 13,000 other vehicles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17724537", "title": "Delhi rape case: Kanpur demands justice for victim", "text": "KANPUR: Public outrage over the Delhi gangrape spilled out on Kanpur's streets on Saturday as hundreds of students, social activists, city women and locals participated in protests and demonstrations held across the city.Expressing solidarity with the victim, students of Ganesha Shanker Vidyarthi Memorial Medical College staged a dharna at Rajiv Vatika, Mootijheel. The medicos got support of students of Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj University and students of other premier colleges of the city.The students raised anti-government, anti-police slogans and demanded capital punishment for perpetrators of such heinous crimes. They also prayed for the victim who is battling for her life. \"I personally feel that a brave girl like her doesn't need anybody's sympathy. We just want the culprits hanged. The punishment should be so severe that it sets an example,\" said Sakshi, a BBA student.After the four-hour sit-in, the students took out a march from Mootijheel to medical college.In this series of protests, the members of Yuva Sankalp welfare foundation also came forward to raise their voice against the brutal rape. The young students and people working with the organization alleged that the government was not doing much to curb such crimes, which was also reflected in the low rate of conviction in rape cases.\"The culprits have acted in a manner which make them unfit for human society, and they shouldn't be shown any mercy,\" said 24-year-old Ajay. Later in the evening, members of Aam Aadmi Party took out a candle march to mark their protest against increasing crime against women.\"We have come here to express our support for the victim. We just want her and her family members to know that we are with them,\" said AAP member Omendra Bharat. The members of a local NGO along with locals also burnt an effigy of the rapists and demanded a strict law against rape cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17728362", "title": "Squaring T20 series has given confidence for ODIs: Morgan", "text": "MUMBAI: England Twenty20 captain Eoin Morgan , whose last-ball heroics helped the tourists square the series against India, said the victory will boost his team's confidence for the one-day series, which starts after the Christmas and New Year break.\"The young guys who are involved in the one day series will take great confidence from this (victory). I know I certainly will, considering our one-day record over here isn't fantastic,\" Morgan said after the six-wicket win, which was achieved after his last-ball six.\"So, we would like to have the run we have had in the last couple of years under Cookie ( Alastair Cook ). Then again compete and hopefully win the series,\" he told reporters at the post-match conference.The five-match ODI series commences on January 11 at Rajkot.Morgan, who held his nerves to hit a six off the last ball of Ashok Dinda to see his team through, said it was one the best shots he has played under pressure.\"It's certainly up there. There was one against Pakistan a couple of years ago that sailed into the stands as well. But the last ball of the game, and an atmosphere like that, I don't think so.\"Off the top of my head, this is the first time (we have scored a boundary off the last ball) and what a time, a full house at the Wankhede,\" he said.Asked if he was rattled by Dinda's tactics to pull out of the stride while bowling the last ball, he said, \"It didn't really bother me. The game was at at a pace where everything was at a snail's pace.\"I couldn't blame the tactics, to disrupt the rhythm of the batters. But it does the same thing to a bowler, because he only asks himself more questions.\"He said the win was satisfying after losing the first match by five wickets.\"It is hugely satisfying, especially after the disappointment of losing. To get a satisfaction like this is something different, it is a great feeling. The feeling in the change room while singing the team song was amazing,\" Morgan said.Morgan, who led the team in the absence of regular T20 captain Stuart Broad , said he was impressed with his team's performance.\"I'm pretty impressed with how the guys held their own. It's disappointing not to have won the series expectations are quite high with English cricket, which shows where we are at and where our standards are but to get a draw is a good achievement,\" he said.He admitted that he would have liked to wrap up the match earlier.\"We do test ourselves, and it's great to get the results and get over the line. Probably liked to finish a bit earlier but played pretty well,\" he said.\"The last three or four overs, we just kept saying we are one big over away. They bowled quite well, and the ball stuck in the wicket a wee bit. But we always backed ourselves to clear the ropes.\"When you get that the bowlers are under as much pressure if not more. We needed three off the last ball because you know we could have scampered for two,\" he explained.He praised his team's fielders and said they made the difference by saving at least 10 runs in the match.\"It was a huge difference. In the game, we saved 10 or 15 runs, which could have cost us massively, and the game was tight enough as it was.\"Fielding is an area of our game that we pride ourselves on. We work really hard on it and we know it can make a difference, whether a catch or a run out our ground filed associates make a huge difference,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17726710", "title": "Gujarat rages against rape", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Women activists staged a rally giving a clarion call to condemn crimes against women and girls in the state. This is in the backdrop of the assault and gang rape of a woman in Delhi. The activists demanded that more women's police station be established.School and college students joined the chorus and a rally was organized by women's welfare organizations. A human chain was formed by women from Sardarbaug to Nehru Bridge to express solidarity with Sahrwaru, Safar, Sanchetna, Utthan, Parwaaz, Prashant, Navsarjan, Swati and other organizations.\"Crimes against women, girls and children have to be punished severely and immediately. We reiterate our demand that police should file every complaint of eve teasing or rape without humiliating the woman involved, and launch prompt investigations, book culprits and ensure speedy trial and rigorous punishment for the accused,\" said Sheba George of Sahrwaru. \"The state government should evolve mechanisms of prevention of crimes against women to allow safety, security and mobility for all,\" George said. The activists, however, did not endorse the demand for capital punishment for the rapists. \"They should be given rigorous punishment,\" said George.Students of DPS, Bopal, held a candle light march to show solidarity with the 23-year-old Delhi rape victim. The students marched from Vastrapur to Drive-In. The students were joined by alumni, staff, parents and friends. DPS principal Sangeeta Kain said, \"Irrespective of caste or creed, we won't keep silent when injustice is done to any woman.\"Protests held across stateSeveral organizations took out a rally in Surat on Saturday to protest the Delhi gang rape. They demanded a special session of Parliament and harsher punishments, ranging from castration to death for rapists. The march was organized from SVNIT College to Kargil Chowk. In Vadodara, students of MSU and other educational institutions also expressed their rage over the case. Faculty of Commerce students stood in the complex holding placards with slogans like 'It's time', 'wake up' and 'hang them', seeking the death penalty for rapists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "pilago", "code": "17726122", "title": "Green glow orchid in mining-hit Pilgao", "text": "PILAGO: Pilgao village in Bicholim taluka, which is affected by mining, has laterite boulders on the road linking Narvem to Vargao which showcase different types of epiphytic herbs including, the endemic orchid dendrobium ovatum also known as the green glow.Laterite boulders on the left side of the road have a number of epiphytic herbs decorated with clusters of green glow.\"Though this herb is mainly found on the indigenous terminalia species of trees like matti, kindal and ghoting in moist deciduous forest and evergreen forests, in Vargao they are found on the rock in the climbing posture,\" says Shubhada Chari, who studies diversity of orchids. These orchids are creamy yellow, clawed at the base and surrounded by greenish soft hair. Dendrobium ovatum orchid is endemic to the Western Ghats and its conservation status today is vulnerable.Vithal Shelke, a wildlife enthusiast from Keri-Sattari, said, \"Tree felling on massive scale is mainly responsible for destroying the natural habitat of green glow orchid.\"Arvind Sainekar from Vargao-Pilgao says, \"Before the onset of mining in our village, it was forested and had the varied elements of biodiversity. But mining is responsible for destroying the wealth of biodiversity inherited by our land.\" Dr Mandar Datar from Pune has done a study on the rich diversity of orchids in Goa, mainly in Mahavir wildlife sanctuary and Mollem national park of Dharbandora and was fascinated by the beauty of orchids like green glow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17726191", "title": "Belgaum dist too unsafe for women", "text": "BELGAUM: Belgaum district is fast becoming unsafe for women, with cases of rape and molestation on the rise.According to police information, Belgaum district registered 33 rapes and 192 molestation cases in the past 11 months. Also, 225 cases of rape, molestation and eve-teasing have been registered till November-end. Of the molestation cases, 174 were proved true and police filed a chargesheet in 96 cases.Most of the rapes were registered in rural areas. On top of the table is Chikkodi with 11 rape cases, followed by Bailhongal (9) and Belgaum Rural (7).A senior police officer told STOI many cases remained unregistered in rural areas due to the intervention of elders and local leaders. Also, some families didn't dare register a case due to social stigma.According to SP Sandeep Patil, men consuming liquor at night sometimes provoked them to commit crimes, including rape.\"I have strictly ordered all the officials to close wine shops and bars at the stipulated time,\" he told STOI.He also said partially barricading the roads at night helps to tackle drunken driving. \"I've called for a meeting of all senior police officials to discuss this and tighten the security arrangements at night,\" Patil said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17724910", "title": "Delhi gang rape: Three cops suspended for duty failure", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after the high court stricture, three policemen from the Hauz Khas police station have been suspended due to dereliction of duty on the night of the Sunday gang rape.Ramadhar Singh, the man who was picked up from RK Puram Sector 4 by the six gang rape accused, robbed and dumped near IIT, had approached these policemen but was told to go to the Vasant Vihar police station as the crime spot \"were not under their purview\", said a source. Fifteen minutes later, the bus reached Munirka from where 23-year-old Nirbhaya (as TOI has symbolically named the victim) was picked up along with her male friend and then gang-raped.It took a reprimand from the Delhi high court on Friday to make Delhi Police identify the cops who could have possibly helped in stopping the brutal gang rape on December 16. \"The three men are from the Hauz Khas police station and have been identified as constables Kailash, Ashok and Sandeep,\" said a source. Several other officers, especially from the control room and traffic, are already under scanner along with local officers from the Delhi cantonment, Vasant Kunj and Vasant Vihar police stations.\"The three cops were on patrol duty around 8.15pm when they were approached by Ramadhar. He had told them that he was robbed and that he had lost his mobile and, hence, cannot call 100. The cops, however, told them they were from the Hauz Khas police station and he needs to go to Vasant Vihar police station to register a case. They neither sent out a wireless message to track the bus nor had they informed Vasant Vihar cops about the incident,\" said a source.Police are scanning call details of the officials posted between the stretch of Vasant Vihar and Mahipalpur to find out their location on that night. They will also looking at the logbook details for any dereliction to establish deliration of duty.On Saturday alone, 1,914 vehicles with tinted glass (106 buses, 1,808 cars) were challaned. At least 43 chartered buses were challaned for picking passengers on unauthorized routes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17726847", "title": "Rajya Sabha MP speaks for Allahabad University, college teachers' cause", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A recent instruction of the University Grants Commission (UGC), wherein the apex body had directed employees of all Central Universities of the country not to address letters, complaints or queries directly to the UGC, was taken up in the Rajya Sabha by Member of Parliament Arvind Kumar Singh of Samajwadi Party . He raised the issue on request of the Allahabad University Constituent Colleges Teachers' Association (AUCCTA).Not only employees of Allahabad University, students and faculty members too have to follow the directives. As per a press communique of the university authorities, as per letter No F No 2-16/2002(PS) dated November 26, signed by joint secretary University Grants Commission, the registrar has advised all faculty members, students, non-teaching employees working in various faculties or departments, centres, institutes or colleges, have been directed not to send any complaint or query directly to the UGC. The letter bears significance as it has been found many a times that students, teaching and non-teaching members of AU or its constituent colleges send a complaint to UGC without informing university authorities.Dr Ram Prakash Singh, president of the AUCCTA said the MP raised the question regarding the recent order and drew the attention of the Upper House toward the facts that most of the Universities do not have any mechanism to hear or handle the problems of teachers, employees, students, associations and turn to the commission as their only resort.Prior to this, the MP had raised a question pertaining to welfare of teachers of AU's associate colleges, pertaining to the matter of promotion of 110 teachers pending under CAS of 11 constituent colleges of AU and recruitment of teachers in colleges pending for the past seven years. The question raised by the MP mentions that 110 teachers of all constituent colleges of the University are suffering as no screening/ selection committee has been held over past seven years resulting in loss of career opportunities and creating anxiety among eligible teachers. The association has requested the authorities several times to complete the process of promotion under CAS but to no avail.\"All members of AUCCTA express gratitude to the MP for raising the voice of hundreds of teachers working in various constituent colleges of AU in the Rajya Sabha and we hope problems of teachers would end soon and authorities would find a solution,\" said AUCCTA president Ram Prakash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh/shimla", "code": "17729019", "title": "Virbhadra to be sworn in as next Chief minister of Himachal Pradesh", "text": "CHANDIGARH/SHIMLA: Ending the 48-hour mystery after the party staged a comprehensive comeback in the Himachal Pradesh polls, Congress on Saturday finally announced Virbhadra Singh, the win's prime architect, as the new chief minister of the state.\"\"After a meeting with the Congress legislators who reposed the faith in Virbhadra ji and a confirmation by the party chief Sonia Gandhi ji, we announce that he has been unanimously chosen as the Himachal chief minister\"\" the party spokesperson Janardhan Dwivedi told TOI. The announcement for the 78-year-old five-time chief minister came, in a late night development, after the meeting between three senior Congress leaders - Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit , Janadrdhan Dwivedi and AICC party-in-charge for Himachal Chaudhary Birender Singh ended at 10:15 PM at the Legislative Assembly in Shimla.The three leaders had flown to Shima in the morning on Saturday. A gritty, age-defying 78-year-old five times chief minister Virbhadra Singh -- who just 45 days ago was nearly-isolated by his hostile party colleagues and beset ith allegations of graft-- had pulled out all stops and steered Congress to a thumping victory in Himachal Pradesh polls on Thursday.'I am grateful to Sonia ji for giving this opportunity to lead Himachal Pradesh. All this has been done in a purely democratic manner\"\" a euphoric Virbhadra as he emerged, told TOI. Singh emerged out of the Assembly flanked by Dikshit and Dwivedi.Sources in the Congress also told TOI that Singh's swearing-in ceremony, which, expected to take place on Sunday due to astrological reasons had been deferred Virbhadra, while confirming this said that he would first meet Sonia in Delhi to discuss about the list of ministers to be included in the cabinet and then proceed with the oath-taking ceremony. Earlier in the day, the newly elected Congress legislators had met Virbhadra Singh to pass a one-line resolution, authorizing Sonia Gandhi to declare the chief minister.The legislators included Kaul Singh Thakur and Vidya Stokes, who were Virbhadra's main rivals and top contenders for the chief ministerial post. Both Thakur and Stokes had been separately meeting the senior Congress leaders in Delhi to pitch themselves as the candidates. But, within hours of declaration of the poll results, a triumphant Virbhadra had declared truce with both Thakur and Stokes. On Saturday, however, there were clashes reported between Virbhadra and Thakur-led factions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17725874", "title": "Stabbing case: College locks in students to avoid panic", "text": "MUMBAI: Chetana College campus was in a state of shock on Saturday after a final-year Bachelor of Management Studies (BMS) student, Nikhil Bankar, repeatedly stabbed his classmate, Meenal, and then killed himself. While the housekeeping staff moved the two students to a hospital, the college management took the decision to latch all classrooms from the outside to keep the rest of the students in and avoid panic. Bankar attacked Meenal when most of the students were headed to their respective classes.\"The area was cordoned off. We asked all students to stay inside their classrooms. Lectures were to begin at the same time. To avoid anxiety among students, we decided to inform them about the incident and also told them that they would be allowed to leave soon. Our students are quite mature and we managed to handle the situation well,\" said professor Shiv Prasad, coordinator of all self-finance courses at the college. There were approximately 600 students in all the 14 classes in the college. After a while, they were allowed to leave the campus one class at a time. While Prasad denied the classrooms were latched from outside for a while, students confirmed they had been locked in.One of the students said their parents had begun to call them up as they did not reach home on time. Some of the parents had already got wind of the crime. Meenal's school friends rushed to Gurunanak Hospital in Kalanagar to be with her. One of her friends based in Santa Cruz said, \"She belongs to a very good family. She had severed ties with Bankar on her family's insistence and lodged a police complaint when he continued to stalk her.\"Another friend said that Bankar had threatened Meenal a couple of days ago when the students were out on an industrial visit. \"Meenal did not attend college on Friday and had come only on Saturday, when Bankar chose to attack her. In fact, a couple of days ago, Meenal's family had asked a classmate, who stayed close to her in Kalina, to accompany her to college every day and not leave her alone.\"Another friend mentioned that Bankar did not share a healthy relationship with other classmates. \"He was quite aloof and did not have too many friends in college,\" he said. A professor, who is part of the guest faculty, said he was on his way for a lecture when he heard students screaming and rushed towards the staircase. \"I organized for the students to be taken to the hospital and informed a few contacts at the Kherwadi police station.\"Post-graduate students, who had their exams on Saturday, said their papers were scheduled in the afternoon and were not cancelled. Principal S V Surnis refused to comment on the incident. \"The police have taken over the case and we will extend our support in the investigation.\"(Inputs by Nitasha Natu)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17724835", "title": "Building regularisation: Owners told to pay full fine by December-end", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) has asked property owners, who have applied to get their illegal layouts and buildings regularized under the Building Penalisation Scheme (BPS) and Layout Regularisation Scheme (LRS), to pay the balance penal amount and submit their documents by December-end.Speaking at a press conference on Saturday, GHMC commissioner MT Krishna Babu said 2,05,023 BPS applications were received, but 40,000 applications were rejected as some applications were submitted without even constructing buildings showing additional floors and due to various other reasons.The commissioner said about 27,860 applications had paid part payment and were eligible for the scheme. About 2,800 applicants have already paid full payment and GHMC has received Rs seven crore towards penal amount. About 24,000 BPS applicants have to make part payment for regularization.He said all circle offices of the GHMC would remain open even on holidays and the applicants could consult and clarify their doubts, if any, with town planning officials and deputy commissioners.Responding to a query on some applications going missing, the commissioner said though lower-rung officials might claim the file of the concerned was missing, the applicant could approach the higher officials with acknowledgement, given at the time of submission of application. It would be verified with the freezed data with the corporation, the GHMC chief said.The commissioner appealed to the eligible BPS and LRS applicants to avail this one-time opportunity, pay balance amount and get buildings regularized on or before December 31, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "dehradun", "code": "17725898", "title": "Fasting \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcSave Ganga\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 activist Swami Poornanad Sarswati arrested", "text": "DEHRADUN: 'Save Ganga' activist Swami Poornanad Sarswati, on an indefinite fast since December 10, was arrested on Saturday from Haridwar's Matrisadan ashram for attempt to commit suicide.Sarswati is on an indefinite fast to protest against resumption of quarrying and stone-crushing in the ecologically sensitive areas along the Ganga in violation of government norms, was arrested a day after authorities failed to persuade him to break his fast.Sarswati had refused on Friday to discontinue his fast despite repeated persuasion by authorities. He was produced before a court and remanded to 14-day judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17726886", "title": "System to detect hearing impairment in newborns", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The health department in the state will introduce auto-acoustic emission system in the government hospitals to detect hearing impairment in babies. The health department will introduce the scheme in all the government hospitals in the districts that registers high number of delivery cases. The system will be introduced in a phased manner.The facility will be implemented with the help of social welfare department and social security mission. The health department is planning to introduce the system in Kozhikode, Ernakulam and Thiruvananthapuram or Kollam in the initial phase. In Kozhikode, the facility will be introduced at the Kozhikode Medical College Hospital, Institute of Maternal and Child Health, Kottaparamba Women and Child Hospital, Beach General Hospital and Koyilandy and Vadakara taluk hospitals. The nursing staff of the hospitals will be given training to handle the handheld device.The project would help the implementation of the Shruthitharangam project of the social security mission which conducts cochlear implant surgeries. Executive director of Kerala state social security mission Dr T P Ashraf said the project will be introduced in the state next year. \"A final decision on districts and tendering procedure to purchase machines will be taken at a chief secretary-level meeting to be held on December 28.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17724790", "title": "The courtesans of Hyderabad &amp; Mehboob Ki Mehendi", "text": "Subsequent to the fall of Golconda in 1687, the garden-city of Hyderabad was sacked by the rampaging Mughal army which left it reeling from the wanton destruction of life and property. The few inhabitants who survived the murderous bloodbath faced unprecedented pecuniary distress having been stripped of their dignity, assets and livelihood. A majority from amongst the top echelons of Qutub Shahi society fled to remote places, seeking respite from continued harassment under the new order. For almost a century thereafter, the city languished as a cultural backwater, degenerating in status from its iconic status as queen among the fabled cities of the Deccan to a provincial town with no means to sustain its historic intellectual vibrancy.Performing artists bore the brunt of the rapid destruction of social fabric that followed. Their services had been so integral to medieval society that Qutub Shahi kings took care to put in place an elaborate system for sustaining and regulating their activities. Contemporary chroniclers mention that more than 30,000 dancing girls alone were registered with the Darogah (Police Chief) of Hyderabad, who issued licenses to these public entertainers which were renewable annually; subject to 'good behavior'. Finding no worthy patrons willing to step into the vacuum created by the departing Qutub Shahi nobility, the courtesans of Hyderabad migrated to different parts of the country in search of livelihood. Along with them went numerous poets, musicians and sundry performers who had made the city famous as a cultural capital during medieval times.Courtesans and other performing artistes held a respectable position in society before Aurangzeb's zealous enforcement of the moral code brought about a marked change in public perceptions. Later still, British ascendancy in the sub-continent ushered in a recasting of oriental ethics, rendering quite a few of the established practices reprehensible. The 'natives', subject to an ever increasing influence of Victorian morality as propagated by the dominant class of 'culturally superior' colonizers, redefined their own codes of conduct in conformity with dictates of the oppressor's perceptions. The change however, took quite some time to fully impact society with the influence consciously checked by all remaining native power nodes, despite their independence being severely restrained.At Hyderabad, which had been culturally dormant since the Mughal invasion, life returned with a renewed blossoming as soon as Nizam Ali Khan, shifted his capital to the city in the middle of the 18thcentury. With the Mughal Empire in decline and Delhi unable to sustain its patronage of the arts, Hyderabad emerged as the foremost centre of culture in India. Increasing prosperity signaled a revival of artistic and cultural trends triggering the first wave of migration amongst performing artists especially from the north and west of the country. Within no time there was a significant presence of courtesans in the city who settled primarily in areas around the Charminar due to its proximity to the locality of Mughalpura, the quarter which had been chosen for settlement by migrant Mughals after the fall of Golconda. The locality remained the most coveted address in the city during the times of the Nizams and was home to a majority of the affluent members of society. There also developed settlement clusters around the sprawling Deodhis of Hyderabadi nobility populated mostly by retainers, among them courtesans and entertainers, dependent on the Nawab or Raja who held sway over the area. It is said that the locality of Bela which mushroomed near the Deodhi of Maharaja Chandulal had numerous courtesans who had migrated from Rajasthan and exclusively serving the famousDiwan, performed for his family during festivals and other celebrations. Every successive cataclysmic political change in the north resulted in further migrations to the Deccan and Hyderabad was always the destination of choice for displaced entertainers. Post 1857, there evolved a new settlement of courtesans in the Gowliguda neighborhood which soon boasted of extraordinary talent, like none that had ever regaled the masses. Due to its proximity to the British Residency and its encircling Bazaars, the area was besieged by sex workers during the Second World War, when large scale movement of troops through the city triggered a boom for their services. It soon degenerated into a red light district forcing traditional courtesans to relocate.With demographic changes over time, the original inhabitants in similar exclusive entertainment districts in the old city too were driven out of their ancestral habitations when the areas transformed into 'respectable' neighborhoods. Most of the displaced courtesans then converged on the Mehboob Ki Mehendi around the beginning of the 20th century. They remained there till just over a decade back when this, by now 'infamous' locality, was purged by 'respectable' residents in the oft repeated cycle associated with such settlements. (This is the first part of a three-part series)The writer is a heritage activist", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "17724346", "title": "Bandh against 'molester' rebel turns violent", "text": "IMPHAL: A large number of vehicles, including police jeeps, were damaged by a mob in Imphal on Saturday during an indefinite bandh called by different organizations to denounce the alleged molestation of a film actress by an NSCN (IM) leader. A curfew has been imposed in the state capital owing to the violence.Called by Film Forum Manipur (FFM), Manipur state Shumang Leela Council and various civil bodies from Friday midnight, the bandh also affected pre-Christmas preparations in the state as all business establishments in the capital were closed. Inter-state and inter-district passenger buses and taxis also didn't ply.Self-styled 'lt-col' Livingstone Anal allegedly molested and bashed up Khangembam Momoco in front of her mother during a musical concert held at Chandel district headquarters on Tuesday night. The cadre also fired at two actors - Guna Shrama and S Prakash - who tried to stop him. Manipur deputy CM Gaikhangam has ordered police to launch operation to arrest Livingstone.Chief Minister Okram Ibobi Singh on Saturday air dashed to New Delhi to urge the Union home ministry to take stringent action against Livingstone. Chandel police station has registered a case against Livingstone under sections of the IPC and Arms Act.Bandh supporters smashed several vehicles, including two police jeeps, at several parts of the capital. To disperse the protesters who were armed with sticks, catapults and burnt logs and tyres on the road, police fired tear-gas shells and rubber bullets, injuring a large number of agitators.Bandh supporters also burnt the effigy of Livingstone in various areas even as additional security forces were deployed at strategic places, including Raj Bhawan, CM's bungalow, state secretariat, assembly complex and official residences of VIPs.\"We will continue to support the indefinite general strike until and unless Livingstone is arrested and given exemplary punishment,\" said Shyam Singh, a bandh supporter.On the other hand, hordes of Naga civil bodies, including the Naga Peoples Movement for Human Rights (NPMHR) and the Chandel Naga People's Organization (CNPO), have joined the tirade against the excesses of the cadre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "shimoga", "code": "17726314", "title": "12 BJP zilla panchayat members defect to KJP", "text": "SHIMOGA: The ruling BJP at Shimoga zilla panchayat is in trouble with the supporters of former chief minister and Karnataka Janata Party president B S Yeddyurappa defecting to KJP.Twelve of the 16 elected representatives of the party have written a letter to zilla panchayat chief executive officer Sanjay Bijjur that they have dissociated from BJP, and want a separate seating bloc in zilla panchayat .The defecting members have decided to form a separate Karnataka Janata Party block without inviting anti-defection law as per rules. They have faxed a copy of their letter to district BJP president. The chief executive officer has forwarded the letter to State Election Commission for guidance.The members include incumbent zilla panchayat president Geeta Mallikarjuna and vice-president Hema Pavani, who were elected to the respective posts just two months ago as BJP candidates. The others include two chairmen of standing committees.These members, being staunch supporters of Yeddyurappa, attended the Karnataka Janata Party's mega rally in Haveri. They represent Sorab, Shikaripur, Bhadravati and Shimoga taluks in zilla panchayat .As per anti-defection law, if one-third of the elected members of the same party crosses over to the other or forms its own separate group, such members do not lose their membership.The 31-member Shimoga zilla panchayat has 16 members from BJP, 13 from Congress and 2 from JD(S). BJP has enjoyed the power for first 20 months. The problem has erupted in the second 20-month rule. Those who are holding power have changed their side, and want to continue in their position.District BJP president and MLC R K Siddaramanna said: \"This is bad, and we will write to Election Commission to disqualify all the 12 members, and apply whip to all party members.\" However, deputy chief minister and state BJP chief K S Eshwarappa said that they will examine the letter and initiate action.KB Ashok Nayka, chairman of standing committee and a supporter of KJP, said that Yeddyurappa cannot be equated to Keshubhai Patel of Gujarat as teased by Eshwarappa. \"Our leader will teach BJP a lesson shortly,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17726317", "title": "Waste water treatment a success", "text": "MYSORE: After solid waste management, Mysore has shifted its focus on treating waste water.Rural Literacy and Health Programme (RLHP), an NGO working for the welfare of slum dwellers in Mysore, Mandya and Chamarajanagar, has been involved in treating waste water at Roopa Nagar's slum. The NGO is now aiming to spread the technology - Decentralized waste water treatment system (DEWATS), to other parts of Mysore.RLHP's director Saraswathi told STOI that DEWATS, approved and recommended by Central Pollution Control Board, is a viable alternative solution to sanitation problem and it could solve environment pollution.\"It is a community-based project and Bangalore-based Consortium for Dissemination of DEWATS (CDD) has technically helped us in creating 36 cubic meter water facility to treat waste water from restrooms, laundry and kitchens. Every day we treat nearly 25 cubic meter of water and use it for gardening and cleaning toilets,\" she said.She added that a garden had also been developed at the slum comprising 200 families and with a population of over 700 people.\"The project has been successful and now we want others also to take up this technology on individual basis. The maintenance of the technology is low cost and requires little manpower. It can be of useful for industries and hoteliers,\" she said.Mysore industries association secretary Sureshkumar Jain said the technology appeared to be helpful for industrialists and the association would create awareness about the technology to industry owners in Mysore. There about 10,000 industries - small, medium and big, in Mysore.RLHP and CDD are targeting engineers attached to Mysore City Corporation, zilla panchayat and representatives/proprietors of industries and hotels to promote the environment-friendly technology.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17725617", "title": "Trinity College of Music turns 125", "text": "Of all the passengers to disembark on Bombay's sweltering shores in the late 19th century, perhaps the most curious was that singular British specimen of the Trinity College of Music examiner. This intrepid journeyman would brave weeks of sea and sickness, not for a piece of the Opium pie or to join the civil services, but to assess the levels of proficiency in music, speech and drama among the settlers here. It's been 125 years and that tireless Trinity examiner still keeps coming. Talk about a long journey.There was a time when the graded exams of Trinity College London-in music, speech and drama and English language-served as milestones on the road to technical perfection. For many youth pursuing western classical music in mid-20th century Bombay, the question of whether such perfection would amount to a profitable career in music was hardly ever entertained. \"The philosophy back then, particularly in Christian and Parsi households, was that children should pursue something else besides academics to make them well-rounded individuals,\" says Bomi Billimoria, 71, who plays the timpani for the Bombay Chamber Orchestra. \"While some of us did think about pursuing classical music for a living, it proved difficult to do so in India, and for many middle-class youth, it was expensive to go abroad.\"It was a salient custom of the 20th century to frame and display proof of one's accomplishments, and Trinity diplomas were on par with graduation degrees and doctorates in Parsi and Christian living-rooms. \"It was no doubt an honour,\" agrees Blanche Viegas, 85, whose own certificate used to be similarly mounted in her old apartment. \"People now know my credentials, and I don't need to hang proof on a wall.\" Viegas started learning the pianoforte at age 8 from an instructor who had herself come through Trinity's portals. She won her Licentiate at age 20, in 1947, and toeing a well-trodden line, also went on to teach music. In fact, Viegas's daughter Blossom and granddaughter Bianca are part of the Trinity tree themselves.It's a tree in full bloom. In 2008, the number of applicants from India for a Trinity exam stood at 26,000. Last year, that figure jumped to 46,000. In Mumbai alone, over 12,000 examinations will have been given by the end of 2012. However, those who misguidedly limit TCL's expertise to western classical music ought to know that the institution has, this year, launched their rock and pop syllabus which assesses performance on bass, drums, guitar, keyboard and vocals, and covers the contemporary lot from The Rolling Stones to Radiohead.Anthony Gomes , the Trinity Representative in Mumbai looks between the figures to explain the changing profile of Trinity's customer. For one, the traditional hegemony of music as an extra-curricular discipline has lost out to other available options like theatre, sport and so on. \"While the pursuit of western classical music was more or less the prerogative of Parsis and Christians because of their cultural kinship with the British, today individual choice and a desire to perfect a skill, be it in music, or drama, or build a related career, has brought in a more cosmopolitan student base,\" he says.And every student is a story. Miriam D'Souza wrote about a boy called Simeon Mathew, who, with three fingers on his left hand, went on to stand first in the Grade 2 practical exams in pianoforte in Mumbai in 1998. It's the sort of triumph that would make that pioneering British examiner feel the long haul was well worth it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17726875", "title": "Math experts remember Ramanujan's genius", "text": "ALLAHABAD: On the occasion of 125th birth anniversary of noted Indian mathematician S Ramanujam, the National Academy of Sciences India (NASI), Allahabad chapter organised a three-day workshop titled 'emerging trends in Ramanajun's Mathematics and applications in the field of q-Hyper geometric series', on Saturday.The workshop would be addressed by renowned experts in the field of mathematics from across the country. Speaking as the guest of honour, former president of Indian Mathematical Society, and sectional president of Indian Science Congress, Prof MA Pathan, highlighted the contribution of Ramanujan's mathematics at national and international level. Earlier, in the beginning of programme, Amit Srivastava welcomed the participants and other dignitaries. Prof Pankaj Srivastava briefed the participants about the theme and importance of the workshop while Prof GK Srivastava apprised the audience about NASI Allahabad chapter and its activities. Prof Krishna Mishra welcomed all the participants on behalf of NASI and told them about Ramanujan and his contribution in the in the field of mathematics. Prof PK Banerjee expressed his happiness over the continuation of the programme organized for the past few years and emphasized learning and solving mathematical problems on paper and not on the internet.The chief guest on the occasion, vice-chancellor, VBS Purvanchal University, Jaunpur, Prof Sunder Lal elaborated on the contribution of Ramanujan's Mathematics in the field of Cryptography. He quoted a conversation between PC Mahalnovis and Ramanujan and said the latter provided infinite solutions to the problem quoted by Mahalnovis. He also remembered Late Prof HC Khare and expressed thanks to NASI Allahabad Chapter for organizing the workshop.Towards the end of the first day's programme, AK Srivastava, deputy executive secretary NASI briefed the audience about Ganga Gallery and NASI library and requested them to visit the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "17725704", "title": "Actor molested in Manipur, protesters go on rampage", "text": "IMPHAL: Authorities were forced to impose curfew in Imphal on Saturday after protestors went on a rampage, damaging several vehicles, including those of the police, during a bandh to protest the alleged molestation of a film actress by an NSCN (I-M) leader.Several protesters were injured when police fired tear-gas shells and rubber bullets to disperse the agitators. The bandh, called by Film Forum Manipur (FFM), Manipur state Shumang Leela Council and various civil bodies from Friday midnight, also affected pre-Christmas preparations as business establishments in the capital remained shut. Inter-state and inter-district passenger buses and taxis also didn't ply.NSCN (I-M) leader Livingstone Anal allegedly molested and bashed up the actress in front of her mother during a musical concert on Tuesday night. He also fired at two other actors who tried to stop him. But the duo escaped unhurt. Manipur deputy CM Gaikhangam has ordered police to launch an operation to arrest Livingstone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17725620", "title": "Patil to lead Mumbai in Vijay Merchant Trophy", "text": "MUMBAI: All-rounder Sairaj Patil will lead the Mumbai Under-16 squad to face Gujarat and Maharashtra in the Under-16 Vijay Merchant Trophy.Khizar Dafedar has been appointed as his deputy. While the game against Gujarat will be played at Mahavir Nagar in Kandivli from December 24 to 26, the match against Maharashtra will be held at Satara from December 29 to 31.Squad: Sairaj Patil (Captain), Khizar Dafedar (Vice-Captain), Gaurish Jadhav, Adeeb Usmani, Arman Jaffer, Omkar Jadhav, Omprakash Jaiswal, Shams Mulani, Shreyas Khemkar, Atif Shaikh, Nishant Williams, Hridyaesh Pawar, Shahid Khan , Mehboob Shaikh, Sidak Singh. Coach: Vinod Raghavan. Manager: Arman Mallick.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "17726188", "title": "Govt committed to enhance quality of education: CM", "text": "DHARWAD: The state government is committed to enhance the quality of education in the state by providing more facilities, said chief minister Jagadish Shettar.Speaking after inaugurating the alumni meet at the KE Board's higher primary school and high school as part of the schools' platinum jubilee celebrations, Shettar said the government had earmarked Rs 15,000 crore in the budget for education.The CM said the government intends to bring a comprehensive change in the field of education and to achieve the goal it has formulated several schemes to ensure that every child gets the best quality education. He lauded the contribution of KE Board institutions to the society and recalled that it had produced several luminaries who have carved a niche for themselves in various fields both in India and abroad.President of KE Board KS Amur presiding over the function said education should help develop overall personality of the pupil in order to create a healthy society. He regretted that physical education was being neglected in the modern educational system. Large number of past students participated in the programme and shared their experiences in the school. MP Prahlad Joshi,MLC Basavaraj Horatti, MLAs Chandrakant Bellad, Seema Masuti, mayor Panduranga Patil, deputy mayor Bharati Patil and members of K E Board management were present.KE Board chairman Shrikant Patil welcomed. President of past students' association KL Patil proposed a vote of thanks. Renowned singers Sangeeta Katti and Mrutyunjay Shettar -- both alumni of the school -- enthralled the audience with their concert.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17729044", "title": "Celebrate Christmas over brunch", "text": "Now, here's a chance to have fun in the sun. On Christmas Day 24/7 at the Lalit Ashok is holding a Christmas Brunch by the poolside.There will be a traditional Christmas buffet with a wide selection of gourmet salads, roast meats and desserts accompanied by unlimited beverages. The picnic environment at the Lalit Ashok aims to make your Christmas fun-filled with a wide range of activities, revolving around health, fitness, tennis and live music.The Christmas Brunch at Lalit Ashok is on between 12:30 pm and 3 pm on December 25 and is priced at 2,090 per person. The Lalit Ashok is located at Kumara Krupa High Grounds", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17726167", "title": "Dry Gujarat hit the bottle hard during polls", "text": "NEW DELHI: Gujarat may be a dry state, but liquor flowed freely during the state elections. Around 5.56 lakh litres of country liquor and 1,670 bottles of Indian-made foreign liquor (IMFL) were seized by the state excise authorities in the run-up to the election, cocking a snook at the prohibition policy in force in the state.While cash seizures across Gujarat - made by the income tax department as well as flying squads/ and surveillance teams deployed by the EC to watch over any movement of unaccounted cash - totaled Rs 2.03 crore and Rs 15.26 lakh, respectively, drugs too fired the alleged bid to \"influence\" woo the electorate. Around 96 bags of posh doda, a by-product of opium, were seized as a result of stepped up surveillance by the Narcotics Control Board and the BSF on Gujarat borders. The confiscated drugs are estimated to be worth approximately Rs 14 lakh.In contrast, Himachal Pradesh \u00e2\u20ac\u201d where consumption of liquor is legal \u00e2\u20ac\u201d accounted for the seizure of 14,000 litres of alcohol worth Rs 28.95 lakh in EC-monitored raids. Cash seizures by the income tax department totalled Rs 10.72 lakh. However, movement of drugs was a cause for worry, with the narcotics control authorities seizing 7.03 kg of charas, over 150 kg of poppy straw, large quantities of opium and 2,445 bottles of cough syrup, which doubles up as a poor man's intoxicant, all worth Rs 4.43 lakh.According to an EC official, the large quantity of liquor seizures in Gujarat either indicates an alleged attempt by the political parties and candidates to offer alcohol as poll bait or points to the illegal sale of liquor \u00e2\u20ac\u201d that too of a cheap, country-made variety - that may be going on anyway to beat the prohibition in place.The seizures made in Gujarat and Himachal Pradesh were part of the EC's attempt to curb the use of money power during elections. Around 587 flying squads and 182 surveillance teams watched over movement of unaccounted cash in Gujarat, while the number in Himachal was 106 and 95, respectively. Investigation directorates of direct tax department kept vigil over financial brokers or hawala operators. Air intelligence unit of I-T department scanned cash movements through aircraft and helicopters. Banks were asked to forward suspicious cash withdrawal reports.In addition, relevant state excise authorities were asked to monitor daily production, distribution and stock of liquor as well as movement of liquor across state borders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17724264", "title": "Three killed by elephants", "text": "GUWAHATI: A herd of wild elephants killed three persons in Assam's Dhubri district on Friday evening. Two women and a minor were trampled to death at Puthimari village in the district. One person was injured in the elephant attack.According to forest officials, a jumbo herd from Garo Hills in Meghalaya is wreaking havoc in villages along the Assam-Meghalaya border since the last one week. Villages like Teldhala and Puthimari are the worst hit with many houses and properties damaged in elephant attack.Food shortage in the jungles because of the prevailing dry season is compelling elephants to enter villages in search of food, triggering man-elephant conflicts. Dhubri's neighbouring district, Goalpara, is also bearing the brunt of such conflicts.Last Wednesday, three persons were trampled to death by wild elephants in the Krishnai area of Goalpara. The same day, a woman was also killed by a jumbo at Hojai in Nogaon district. At least 73 humans and 10 elephants have been killed in such conflicts in the last three months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "gulbarga", "code": "17726190", "title": "Relying on quack costs woman dear", "text": "GULBARGA: In a country where medical science has saved lives and improved the quality of life of the sick, some people still flock to quacks and pay a heavy price. One such \"doctor\" in a village bordering Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh pushes rubber balls into the uterus of women suffering from menstrual problems.On Friday, a victim of this quackery had her uterus and the rubber ball lodged in it removed at a private hospital here.A Yallamma, a resident of Bhutapur village in Chincholi taluk, visited the quack in Kallur village in 2010. She had for two years suffered stomach pain and white discharge. The quack, Bharatamma, who calls herself a practitioner of traditional medicine, stuffed a rubber cricket ball into Yallamma's uterus. When the hapless woman went back with severe pain in the abdomen, she was asked to take some medicines and charged thousands of rupees. The procedure described by Yallamma was horrible: the quack inserted the rubber ball into the vagina and pushed it further in with her heels. \"It was extremely painful,\" she said.\"Before stuffing a ball into my womb, the lady had blindfolded me, so I could not see what she was pushing in,\" said Yallamma, who is in her forties and has six children. All other women who underwent similar treatment had rubber balls removed from the uterus, she added.Speaking to STOI, surgeon Sambashivarao, who operated on Yallamma, told STOI: \"She came to our hospital when she could no longer pass urine. It was a critical surgery that lasted two hours. We have removed the ball and the woman's womb.\"Another doctor said: \"An ultrasound revealed to us the cause of Yallamma's stomach pain.\" Yallamma's brother-in-law Ravikumar told STOI he would register a complaint against Bharatmma with Sulepet police.Saibanna Gudur, a close relative of Nagamma, said: \"Another woman, Nagamma of Sulepet village in Chincholi taluk, had also got treatment from that lady. Later, she got the ball removed at a private hospital in Hyderabad.\"Such treatments are known to be given in rural areas. Illiterate people don't know the effects of such bizzare treatment. It can cause serious infection and also result in death if not attended in time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "why is violence against women intrinsic to indian society? how can attacks on women be stopped? experts at a dialogue held here on saturday had a simple solution ", "code": "17726622", "title": "Why is violence against women intrinsic to Indian society? How can attacks on women be stopped? Experts at a dialogue held here on Saturday had a simple solution : \u00e2\u20ac\u0153Bring the change from within to change the gender biased Indian society.\u00e2\u20ac\u009d", "text": "Why is violence against women intrinsic to Indian society? How can attacks on women be stopped? Experts at a dialogue held here on Saturday had a simple solution : \"Bring the change from within to change the gender biased Indian society.\"Speaking at 'Connecting Pink and Rape: Exploring the role of gender stereotypes in the violence against women' organized by The Alternative , the experts from various fields appealed to the society to cultivate a selfbelief to bring in the much required change towards the 'weaker sex' of society.Dr Shaibya Saldanha, gynecologist and co-founder of Enfold India Trust, said: \"It all (gender bias) began the day man learnt farming. He was considered biologically and physically stronger. Women were just considered good enough for producing children. A woman is till date valued as good as her fertility.\"She said: \"Women are required to satisfy men's sexual needs but they are not given sexual right as in choosing their life partners, when to have children and how many? So women have all sexual responsibilities but no sexual rights. This attitude towards women needs to be changed.\"Shemeer P Babu, founder, maps4aid.com, said people will have to learn to believe in themselves to bring about a change in society. He also pressed for correct reporting of crime against women and its continuous follow-up . He said documentation of cases of crime against women and spreading awareness about it are of utmost importance.\"There is stereotyped bias against women. About how they must dress, walk or talk. Such bias must be broken and this can be done only by clearing the mental block against women. Such protest against rape and atrocities against women are required,\" said Sindhuja P, a photo journalist. The panelists urged for bringing in gender diversity in the society by respecting the strengths of women and not by humiliating her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17725612", "title": "Erroneous question paper stumps Class 10 students", "text": "CHENNAI: Class 10 students across Tamil Nadu were stumped by their half-yearly common English II exam paper on Saturday morning. At least three questions amounting to 15 marks were incomplete.Students reported that the first question, which required them to fill in the appropriate phrases in the blanks provided, missed two blanks though the choices were given. Question 14, asking students to study a pie chart and answer questions based on it, had the chart, but no questions. Number 18, also did not show the spaces that students had to fill. Each question carried five marks.\"I didn't know how to answer the questions. I was worried that only my question paper had flaws and was about to ask the invigilator about it when our English teacher offered clarifications,\" said a student of a private matriculation school in the city.Schools complained that being a common question paper for Class 10 students across the state, they had orders not to open the question paper envelope till the specified hour. \"So, the teacher did not have time to even run her eyes through the paper to check for mistakes,\" said a city school head. As soon as an English teacher came across the errors, she jotted down the clarifications and went to each classroom to inform the children taking the exam.\"I am not sure how many schools were able to do this during the exam. The half-yearly exams are considered a model for the boards. Such instances could shake the confidence of children taking the exam,\" the school head added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17728184", "title": "Toss will be crucial in series against Pakistan: MS Dhoni", "text": "MUMBAI: Gearing up for what promises to be a high-voltage limited-overs series against arch-foes Pakistan, Indian cricket captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni said the toss will play a crucial role in the clashes as both teams are quite similar.\"Winning the toss will be crucial because dew may have an impact. If you see both the sides, they are quite same. Their ability to play spinners is quite same. I think it will be nice couple of games,\" he said after second and final twenty20 match against England.The Twenty20 matches against Pakistan are scheduled on December 25 and 28 in Bangalore and Ahmedabad respectively, while the ODI series starts in Chennai on December 30.The second one-day game against Pakistan will be held in Kolkata on January 3 followed by the last game on January 6 in Delhi.On playing Pakistan and the importance of the series, Dhoni said, \"tell me one series which is not big for us. Whether we play England, Pakistan, Australia or any other series. For us it is all the same.\"That is how we look at it and don't really look into who we are playing because that can only increase the pressure. We keep it very simple, whoever the opposition is. We look at the format and try to execute our plans.\"The three-match series against Pakistan will be followed by the five-match ODI rubber against England that commences on January 11 at Rajkot. The tourists will return to India after taking a break for Christmas and New Year.The other four games are to be held at Kochi (January 15), Ranchi (January 19), Mohali (January 23) and Dharamsala (January 27).This will be followed with a series against Australia at home in February.On the non-stop cricket schedule, Dhoni said, \"As an individual, if you feel that playing a series or the next few games you may get injured, which may take you out of the game for six to eight weeks, then it is better off to tell BCCI that you need some rest because you won't be available if you play a few games so it's crucial.\"I am not worried about too many series happening because I am someone who loves to play cricket. Maybe a few years from the other end will be shortened because of the amount of cricket we play.\"But it is a good thing because you are always playing the best bowlers in the world and the momentum keeps you going. I am not worried about too many games.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17725641", "title": "Bombay Chamber Orchestra rings in golden jubilee", "text": "MUMBAI: What would have become of western classical music in Mumbai if Jini Dinshaw's parents had packed young Jini off to medical school? Perhaps we would have had the orchestral version of the Parsi Medical Amateurs but not the Bombay Chamber Orchestra itself, which rings in its golden jubilee this year. Luckily, Jini, who at 17, had her first violin lesson, was allowed to chase Blumenthal and not Blundell in London, setting the course for a long and fruitful career on the classical stage.On returning to the city, she became aware of the lack of formal educational resources for young students of western classical music. She approached Piroja Patuck, a pianist who helped form the original Bombay Chamber Orchestra, with a proposal. Dinshaw suggested that local professional music teachers come together to train young students for a city orchestra. \"Old members of the then defunct Bombay Symphony Orchestra joined the new orchestra,\" says Dinshaw, now 82. \"Our biggest challenge was financial; the only funds we received were from loyal music lovers, most of them Parsi,\" says Dinshaw, general secretary of the orchestra. \"We had no support from the government; the only politician who helped us was Indira Gandhi . She wrote to the state at my behest, bidding them to exempt western classical concerts from taxes and waive custom duty on imported brass instruments because ones that could be used for concerts weren't manufactured in India,\" she says. Those sops were withdrawn after Gandhi passed away.Another sweetener was proffered by municipal commissioner J B D'Souza, who said he would persuade the BMC to offer the orchestra financial assistance. The BMC promised a sum of Rs 250 a year. But the money never materialized. However, foreign cultural institutions like the Goethe Institute, Alliance Francaise and British Council supported the orchestra by flying in foreign musicians and conductors and offering their premises for practices.\"It costs Rs 5 lakh to stage a concert; including rent for the venue, entertainment tax on ticket price, cost of flying in and hosting visiting musicians,\" says Dinshaw. Nearly all musicians and guests of the orchestra play for next to nothing. \"Members get paid Rs 100 per concert and travel allowance during rehearsals,\" Dinshaw adds. But for the members of the orchestra, and visiting musicians who call it 'the friendliest orchestra in the world', it's not the definitive note.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "17724558", "title": "Govt offices in Palamu lose computers to fire and thieves", "text": "DALTONGANJ: Computer sets in government offices in Palamu are getting damaged mysteriously. In just three days, district offices lost three computers. These were either stolen or damaged in fire.The latest incident took place at the block office in Chainpur. A computer set was destroyed after short-circuit led to fire on December 21, said Chainpur BDO Ruby Kumari.Though no allegation of sabotage has been raised yet, the DC directed a thorough report on the incident. \"I was supposed to inspect Chainpur block on December 20 but due to time sought by the BDO, the inspection was deferred,\" said DC Pooja Singhal, who had asked Kumari to look into the matter seriously. Singhal also pointed out that the computer table was not damaged.The computer had vital data related to various rural welfare schemes, like Indira Awaas Yojana, those under Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act, stored in it which were all destroyed. However, the BDO said the data have already been dispatched to the district rural development agency (DRDA) in Daltonganj.Another government computer set was gutted in the Panchayat secretariat in Bel Bigha under Hussainabad sub-division, 92 km from Daltonganj. \"The Panchayat secretariat has no electricity connection but reason for the damage has been stated as fire caused by a short-circuit,\" said Alam Ahmad, husband of the Bel Bigha panchayat mukhiya Mushtari Jahan Bano. (In Palamu a woman mukhiya does not speak up but its her husband who speaks).Alam said the fire emanated from the inverter in the intervening night of December 20/21.One computer set was stolen from the office of the deputy medical superintendent government sadar hospital in Daltonganj on December 20. Police investigating the incident said it appeared to be planned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "mhow", "code": "17724826", "title": "Man behind machine important: Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya vice-chancellor", "text": "MHOW: The convocation ceremony of three courses viz. signal officer advanced telecommunications engineering (SOATE-37), signal officer degree in engineering (SODE-101) and technical entry scheme (TES-18) was held in the Iyappa Hall of Military College of Telecommunications Engineering (MCTE) in Mhow on Saturday.The MTech degrees in computer science with specialization in communication and information technology were awarded to twenty officers undergoing SOATE-37 course. 59 officers including 24 of SODE-101 course and 35 officers of TES-18 course were awarded B.Tech degrees in telecommunication and information technology.Along with the degrees, the awards for the outstanding achievements in various fields during the courses were also given to the officers. The only woman officer of this course and the second one to undergo such a course capt Anupreksha Rawat along with two Sri Lankan officers Maj AJ Poore and Maj KVA Kodikar also received their degrees in Saturday's convocation ceremony. DAVV vice chancellor Dr DP Singh was the chief guest of the convocation ceremony while MCTE commandant Lt Gen Rajesh Pant presided over the ceremony. MCTE deputy commandant and chief instructor Maj Gen Harminder Singh and faculty of communication electronics (FCE) commander Brig Abhay A Bhat also shared the dais.Lt Gen Pant handed over the degrees to SOATE-37 officers, Maj Gen Harminder Singh handed over the degrees to the officers of SODE-101 while Dr DP Singh gave away the awards to the achievers of all the three courses.After the award ceremony, Dr Singh addressed the gathering, in which he told the passing out officers that their knowledge and learning at the MCTE will soon be tested on the front as the war is looming over the nation every day. He said route to reach to the pinnacle in every aspect is technology, about which they have been taught. The man behind the machine is more important and hence training extremely important, he added.In SOATE course, the GOC central command trophy, SO-in-C gold medal and certificate of merit was given to Lt Col BS Mann. The commandant's silver medal and second order of merit was given to Lt Col AK Singh while chief instructor's bronze medal and third order of merit was given to Lt Col Sachin Chowdhry. The same course, the Bharat Electronics Ltd trophy (for first in communication group of subjects) was given to Lt Col BS Mann while the trophy for the best project (on document archival solution) was given to Lt Col AK Singh.In the SODE-101 course, Chief of the Army Staff trophy and SO-in-C gold medal was given to Maj Mayur Kohli. The commandant's silver medal was given to Capt Sandeep Singh while chief instructor's bronze medal was given to Capt Vinod Verma. For this course, the Bharat Electronics Ltd trophy (for first in communication group of subjects) was given to Capt Sandeep Singh while the certificate of merit for the best project (on system for identification foes and friends with the help of laser technology) to Major Mayur Kohli and his syndicate including Capt Sandeep Singh, Capt RK Pandey, Maj AS Poore and Maj KVA Kodikar.In the TES-18 course, the SO-in-C trophy and gold medal was given to Lt Shahanshah Ali, the commandant's silver medal was given to Lt Nitish Tyagi while the chief instructor's bronze medal was given to Lt DK Singh. In the same course Bharat Electronics Ltd trophy (for first in communication group of subjects) was given to Lt Lt Nitish Tyagi while the certificate of merit for the best project was given to Lt M Bhatia and his syndicate members viz. Lt Ajin Jose and Lt Nitish Tyagi.The director general of Manpower Planning of the Indian army Lt Gen Nitin Kohli was also present.Lt Col Ankush Kohli conducted the programme while Brig Bhat proposed a vote of thanks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17725086", "title": "Bhullar, Shiv out to spoil Daniel party", "text": "NOIDA: Daniel Chopra has never played a tournament on his birthday before but he will be hoping for a present on the Noida Golf Course greens on what could be his Super Sunday. He maintained a two-stroke lead with a 4-under 68 going into the final day of the 54-hole Shubhkamna Champions Golf.Spoilers alert, though. A tiny mistake, a few lapses in concentration will be pounced upon by the chasing pack of Gaganjeet Bhullar, Shiv Kapur and Anirban Lahiri.Kapur considered it more a holiday week after a gruelling schedule on the European and Asian Tours but now that he was in contention, \"the competitive juices were flowing\". After sinking seven birdies in 17 holes, a hiccup on the 18th left a bad taste in the mouth. \"That was bad judgment on the second shot and a terrible chip,\" Shiv rebuked himself. \"But all things considered, 66 is not too bad. In hindsight, maybe I could have been two or three shots better.\"Kapur missed out on a European Tour full card by a whisker but finished 8th in the Asian Tour Order of Merit with a few Top-5 finishes. \"Missing out on Europe used to sting earlier but I'm content playing in Asia. My goal is to win the OOM next season. Besides, I'll get to play 15-18 events in Europe so I will get enough opportunities to sort that out.\"Bhullar, the top Indian at No. 5 in Asia, said consistency was the key to his successful season. Consecutive cards of 67 here have put him where he belongs. \"Daniel's two ahead but he is within reach. A lot of things can happen over 18 holes,\" said the World No. 89, whose game again flourished on the back nine with four birdies.Meanwhile, the pioneer group of host Jeev Milkha Singh, Arjun Atwal and Jyoti Randhawa caught attention - they have shared among them 21 Asian Tour titles, seven European Tour wins and five from Japan Tour besides Atwal's one PGA and one Nationwide title.Leading Day 2 scores: 132 (12-under): Daniel Chopra (Swe) 64-68; 134-Gaganjeet Bhullar 67-67, Shiv Kapur 68-66; 135-Anirban Lahiri 69-66; 139-Mukesh Kumar 68-71, Shamim Khan 72-67, Abhijit Singh Chadha 69-72.Selected scores: 140 (T8)- Jeev Milkha Singh 69-71, Arjun Atwal 70-70; 141 (12)-Jyoti Randhawa 68-73; 142 (T13)-Ajeetesh Sandhu 66-76.Golfers wear black ribbons in support of rape victimLed by tournament host Jeev Milkha Singh and Gaganjeet Bhullar, all the players showed their solidarity with the victim of the heinous Delhi gang rape by wearing black ribbons.\"Someone from an NGO requested me to participate in the protests taking place at India Gate. Since we were playing a tournament, we all decided that we could show our support by wearing black ribbons,\" said Bhullar.Jeev said, \"I am hopeful she will recover soon. She is a big fighter in our eyes. This black ribbon is our way showing support. We wish her all the best and a speedy recovery.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17726185", "title": "Beach beds keep turtles away in Morjim", "text": "PANAJI: The arrival of Olive Ridley turtles at Morjim and Mandrem has hit a low this season and turtle lovers fear the worst as deck beds have swamped both beaches and violations continue late into the night.On Saturday, over 300 deck beds were seen laid out on Morjim beach, far in excess of the 90 permitted for nine shacks under the new state tourism policy. \"The Morjim beach at Vithalwada looks like a slum with over 300 illegal deck beds, some of them thatched on poles,\" said a turtle lover.The shacks, in fact, are hidden behind rows of stalls selling everything from toys to clothes. \"A forest department board proudly declaring the area as a turtle-nesting beach has been sandwiched between the stalls,\" a source said.Turtle lovers and activists are unwilling to be quoted out of fear of retaliation from the 'beach mafia'. \"They have laid siege to the beach; the frenzied activity has disturbed the peace of the beach. None of this can happen without the help of local politicians,\" a source alleged.A few shacks at Morjim were seen operating till midnight, as against the specified time for closure at sunset. \"In a few shacks, the music was being played till the wee hours,\" a source said. Vehicles also move freely on some beach stretches. A small patch of the road at the dead-end of the turtle-nesting area in Morjim was broadened on December 19 for additional parking.The scene is identical at Mandrem as illegal beach beds have sprouted in government property. \"It is a lucrative business for beach lords in control of some stretches, who engage migrants to hire out the beds,\" a local explained.Goa coastal zone management authority (GCZMA) member secretary, Michael D'Souza said he would refer the matter to the tourism department, which is the custodian of the beaches. \"We will direct the department to initiate urgent action as per the guidelines issued by the authority,\" he said.After the CRZ 2011 notification was issued in January last year, GCZMA had issued guidelines, specifying the timings for operation of shacks, illumination and music in the eco-sensitive area.Neither tourism minister Dilip Parulekar nor tourism director Nikhil Desai could be contacted despite repeated efforts. But another official said no complaint had been received regarding the illegal deck beds. \"We will surely initiate action as the issue has now been raised,\" the official said.Turtles generally surface for nesting on full moon nights or just after. Only two nests, one each at Mandrem and Morjim, have been laid till date this season. Last year, Morjim alone saw 11 nests through the season.Experts attribute it to a combination of some factors. \"Tourism infrastructure like deck beds can make it difficult for the gravid turtle to climb the shore from the water,\" said marine zoologist and member of the state wildlife advisory board, Manoj Borkar.The serious gap between the policy and practice has raised concern among environmentalists. \"Knowing very well that these are important nesting sites for Olive Ridely turtles, the habitat value of the beach should not have been compromised. The decline may be due to a combined effect of changes in shore morphology and natural cycle,\" Borkar added.Agreed a turtle lover, \"The number of arrivals fluctuates every year due to the natural cycle, but disturbances on the beaches can also be the main contributing factor.\"Though no shacks were initially allowed on both beaches, the tourism department, bowing to pressure from the tourism lobby, allowed a few. A humane aspect of creating employment for locals to allow them a share of the tourism pie also held back turtle lovers from opposing this move. But policing and monitoring is direly lacking needed and lacking.The scene at the two other turtle-nesting beaches of Agonda and Galgibaga in the southernmost Canacona taluka appears to be serene.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17724915", "title": "Lucknow to run today, pay homage to martyrs", "text": "LUCKNOW: To celebrate glorious 50 years of Central Command, The Times of India in association with Azea Botanica is holding the 4th Lucknow Half Marathon on December 23 at 7.45 am from AMC Stadium. To be flagged off by the chief minister Akhilesh Yadav , the marathon will begin from AMC Stadium and will pass through MG Road, Abdul Hamid Chowk, VVIP guest house, Raj Bhawan, Hazratganj, Parivartan Chowk, Birbal Sahni Marg, Chandrikar Vatika temple, Ambedkar Jan Suvidha Parisar, Lohia Path, Lucknow Golf Course, Loreto Convent School, Somnath Dwar, Walking Plaza and will eventually culminate at 2 Technical Training Wing. The event will see participation from many citizens belonging to fields of politics, sports , music, education and others. There will be six categories for the participants. The first is half marathon for men -21.097 km, half marathon for women - 21.097 km, the third is teenagers' dream run walk (12-18 years) - 7 km, 5-km-run walk for veterans (60 years and above), run for fun walk (open for all) - 5 km and ladies run walk - 2 km.Prof Nishi Pandey (54) who will be taking part in the marathon said, \"As a concerned citizen, we must come forward for such causes. I associate myself in paying homage to the martyrs by running. It's also to encourage the younger generation to come forward.\" Participating in the 5-km veteran run walk meant for 60 years and above, president of Lucknow Connect, Chander Prakash (60) said, \"I feel every individual must somehow accept the sacrifices made by the martyrs, so as to ensure we live in peace. This is our way of contributing for each drop of blood shed by the martyrs and also for those who will continue to save ours lives.\"Major attractions of the event are band performance, martial arts display, yoga by kids, motorcycle display, and para-biking. The event will have lots of prizes starting from two return tickets to Switzerland . Besides, there are six lakh cash prizes and other attractive prizes.IN A NUTSHELL:4th Lucknow Half Marathon will kick off from AMC Stadium, Cantonment at 7.45 am.Route: Pass through MG Road, Abdul Hamid Chowk, VVIP guest house, Raj Bhawan, Hazratganj, Parivartan Chowk, Birbal Sahni Marg, Chandrikar Vatika temple, Ambedkar Jan Suvidha Parisar, Lohia Path, Lucknow Golf Course, Loreto Convent School, Somnath Dwar, Walking Plaza and culminate at 2 Technical Training WingCategories: Half marathon (men) -21.097 km, half marathon (women) -21.097 km, teenagers dream run walk (12-18 years) - 7 kms, veteran run walk (60 years and above) - 5 kms, run for fun walk (open for all) - 5 kms &amp; ladies run walk (open for all) - 2 kmKey attractions: Band performance, martial arts display, yoga by kids, motorcycle display &amp; para-biking", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "17724555", "title": "Documentary on first model village in Jharkhand screened", "text": "GUMLA: The premier of a documentary on Jhargaon, the state's first convergence model village, was screened at Meditation hall of the famous Birsa Munda park in Gumla on Saturday.The film sponsored by Unicef and produced by Pranav Motion Picture impressed the viewers comprising a large number of villagers and officials. It film showcased the transition of the village from 2008 to the present time - presenting the change of attitude for development on part of the villagers, who are mostly tribals. Almost all aspects of a comprehensive rural development - education, health, livelihood, animal husbandry, plantation and imposition of prohibition - all have been touched in it.Jhargaon is the first village which marched ahead with the support and initiative of the district administration after a total village development programme (TVDP) was launched by former DC Rahul Sharma on January 21, 2010. Officials of various departments came forward with their schemes for execution with full community participation. The positive results are visible now.After Unicef Jharkhand head Job Zakaria had visited the village with other officials some months ago, the international agency decided to film the village for demonstration both in the country and abroad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "barrackpore", "code": "17726734", "title": "14 injured in CPM-TMC clash", "text": "BARRACKPORE: As many as 14 people were injured in an attack on a CPM rally, which was followed by a CPM-Trinamool clash, on Saturday at Bijpur in North 24-Parganas. An auto and the cars in the rally were also damaged by goons allegedly backed by Trinamool Congress .Trouble broke out around 11.30am when the CPM reached Bagmore in Kanchrapara. Some persons owing allegiance to Trinamool tried to stop the rally and attacked the autorickshaw from where the announcement was being made. They didn't even spare former CPM MP Tarit Baran Topdar and Nepaldeb Bhattacharya. They smashed the windscreen of Topdar's car. A large contingent of police and RAF personnel were deployed to disperse the mob.Trinamool supporters then reportedly whisked away one of the accused who was held by the cops for launching the attack.\"The attack was preplanned. The miscreants backed by Trinamool were waiting for the rally. When we reached there, they attacked us immediately. They beat me and other CPM leaders,\" said Bhattacharya. Bijpur once Topdar's fief has now gone with all India Trinamool general secretary Mukul Roy's son and Bijpur MLA Subhranshu Roy. The CPM alleged that their many supporters in Bijpur were tortured and rendered homeless by Trinamool men. \"The CPM supporters are being regularly attacked in Bijpur and their houses and several CPM party offices were earlier ransacked and set ablaze in the area after Trinamool came to the power in the state. Despite of our repeated appeals police did not take any action against the culprits under the influence of local Trinamool leaders,\" Bhattacharya also added.The former Barrackpore MP, Topdar alleged that he had a close shave after some Trinamool backed miscreants pelted stones at him on Saturday. \"The goons threw stones at us. They narrowly missed me and damaged my car. The Trinamool used to attack on CPM supporters as they are trying desperately to stop any kind of movements by the opposition in the state,\" said Topdar.The Trinamool leaders, however, denied the allegation claiming that their supporters were beaten up by CPM men. \"Some CPM supporters deliberately attacked Trinamool workers who were standing in front of a party office,\" said Nirmal Ghosh, Trinamool's district president.tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "17725706", "title": "Boy dies after army bunker collapses", "text": "JAISALMER: A 15-year-old boy died when a bunker made for army exercise in the Sankda area of Pokaran sub-division of Jaisalmer district collapsed. Another boy had a narrow escape. Both the boys had gone to graze cattle.Nemte Khan, uncle of the deceased, said that Kasam Khan, resident of Jameera ki Dhani, and his friend on Friday evening were returning after grazing the cattle. On reaching the army bunker on the sand dune, both excitedly climbed on the bunker when it collapsed. Kasam Khan got buried in the sand, while his friend managed to come out. Kasam's friend walked 3kms to inform his family members who reached the spot and took Kasam Khan out, however, he had died by then.He said the family members have decided not to take any action so they have not informed the police about the incident.Nemte Khan said two days ago the army troops had gone there for exercise and had made a 5ft deep bunker. The Army jawans on Friday morning left the place, but did not close the bunker. It collapsed and this incident took place.It must be mentioned that army's routine winter operation alert is going on in which various troops are exercising.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "17726861", "title": "Rajeesh shifted after CPM leaders' visit", "text": "KANNUR: Even as an intelligence report warned of security issues arising out of CPM leaders' frequent visit to the central jail here where those accused of T P Chandrasekharan murder have been lodged, a team of party leaders visited T K Rajeesh on Saturday. Later in the day, he was shifted to Kozhikode.The CPM leaders, including state committee members M V Jayarajan and party MLAs James Mathew, K K Narayanan, C Krishnan and T V Rajesh, visited the jail around 9.15am. After the visit, Jayarajan alleged that the prisoners were being tortured and DSP A P Shoukath Ali was keen on forcing Rajeesh name CPM leaders in connection with Jayakrishnan murder case.The Jayakrishnan murder case was re-opened recently and DSP Ali has been tasked with heading the probe team.\"Wherever there is torture, Shoukath Ali is there. He has been brought to the crime branch with some clear agenda,\" alleged Jayarajan.He said the CPM would take legal action against the crime branch for torturing Rajeesh with the intention of falsely implicating party leaders.The CPM leaders' visit gained significance in the backdrop of the crime branch interrogating Rajeesh twice, on Wednesday and Friday, for more than seven hours.Rajeesh was shifted to the Kozhikode district jail around noon under tight security. Though jail officials maintained that he was shifted on orders by the prison DGP, sources said the decision followed an intelligence report that the frequent visit of the CPM leaders to the jail was a matter of security concern.The Jayakrishnan murder case was reopened after Rajeesh revealed that except CPM leader Acharaparampathu Pradeepan, the other accused were all 'dummies' who had no direct involvement in the crime. He made the revelation while being interrogated in the TP murder case.Though Rajeesh told investigators that he, too, was part of the gang that hacked Jayakrishnan, he later changed the statement and filed a petition before the Thalasssery additional chief judicial magistrate court against the re-investigation of the case. The court, however, rejected the plea and gave the police permission to interrogate Rajeesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17724770", "title": "Delhi gang rape: Male protesters put barricades around women", "text": "NEW DELHI: Protesters were lathi-charged for breaching the security at Parliament House at Raisina Hills on Saturday evening. At this time, male protesters were seen pulling up barricades laid by the cops and creating a circle around women. This gesture was to ensure that the female protesters were not caught in a cross-fire and injured.While chaos reigned at Rashtrapati Bhavan, some protesters chose to stay back at India Gate and participate in 'constructive' protests. A student's group and the volunteers of Art of Living organized two seperate nukad-nautankis to create awareness.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17727450", "title": "Protestors evacuated from Raisina Hill; prohibitory orders in place", "text": "NEW DELHI: A number of protesters who had put at Raisina Hill to protest the gang-rape of a young girl were evacuated early this morning .The protesters, who spend a chilly night in the open after they fought pitched battle with police throughout the day yesterday, were taken into a bus by police.Police had also picked up protesters from outside Congress chief Sonia Gandhi's Janpath residence in the wee hours today.Gandhi had came out of her residence and met protesters late last night.According to a protester, Gandhi told them \"I am with you. I can't tell when the justice will be delivered, but surely it will be. We will do something.\"The protesters when asked for a deadline, she said, \"I can't give you a deadline but action will be taken.\"The detentions came as part of a police plan to contain protest near Raisina Hill, the seat of power.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17724841", "title": "Car importer's bail plea rejected", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Delhi court on Saturday dismissed the bail plea of car importer Sumit Walia, who was arrested for allegedly uploading nude photographs and videos of a woman.Rejecting his bail, the court took into account the submission made by the police that Walia was threatening the woman's ex-husband, a businessman. Walia was sending him the objectionable snaps and told him he would make them public if he did not pay up. According to police, evidence shows he sent threatening text messages to the businessman.The court further noted Walia's involvement in other criminal cases of assault, trespass, criminal intimidation and breach of trust. The Economic Offences Wing had arrested Walia on charges of extortion and slapped the stringent Section 67 of the Information Technology Act that deals with cyber pornography.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17726110", "title": "Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation to act tough against plastic bag norm violators", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) has warned of strict action against people who produce, store, distribute and sell plastic carrybags having a thickness of less than 50 microns.The civic body will act as per the provisions of the union government's Plastic Waste (Management and Handling) (Amendment) Rules 2011, Maharashtra Non-biodegradable Garbage Control Act 2006 and Maharashtra plastic Carry Bags (Manufacture and Usage) Rules 2006. Persons who flout the rules can be fined upto Rs 5,000 for the first offence. The fine amount increases to Rs 10,000 for those who repeat the offence the second time. A criminal case can be lodged against third time offenders.The municipal commissioner has given the powers for action to the assistant commissioner and zonal officer and also to the health executive officer. The powers to submit the tri-monthly compliance report to the state government has been given to the executive engineer of the environment department.Amrut Sawant, joint commissioner has appealed to people to strictly follow the rules regarding the usage, sale, storage, transport and disposal failing which action would be taken as per legal provisions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17729434", "title": "Hemsworth to celebrate Christmas with Cyrus", "text": "Actor Liam Hemsworth wants to take Miley Cyrus to Australia for Christmas.The 22-year-old would love to spend the festive season in his native country with his family and fiance, and because he recently wrapped filming on \"The Hunger Games: Catching Fire\", the actor could get his wish.\"I hope to take Miley to Australia for Christmas, that would be very nice. I stopped filming in early December so it's possible,\" contactmusic.com quoted Hemsworth as saying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17724482", "title": "Train rams trolley, none injured", "text": "KANPUR: A tractor-trolley carrying bricks was rammed by Kanpur-Kasganj Express near an unmanned crossing at Kanthi Newada village in Billhaur police area here on Saturday. The trolley had developed a technical snag on the tracks, and its driver abandoned it when he noticed the approaching train. No one was injured in the incident.The train driver is said to have noticed the trolley on the tracks much before the collision occurred.He subsequently applied the emergency brakes but the train stopped only after smashing the trolley to pieces. Due to the collision, the engine of the train was damaged. It was halted for more than half an hour, during which the driver repaired it and later took it to Uttaripura railway station.Four killed in road accidents: Four persons were killed and several others were injured in separate road related accidents in the region since Friday night.Eighteen-year-old Jitendra Singh alias Lallu, a resident of Sujgawanpur under Bhognipur police station was killed in a road accident on Saturday morning.In Bithoor, a bus hit a four-wheeler, killing a forty-year-old woman and injuring five others. The deceased was identified as Malti, wife of Sarvesh of Nanamau.Besides, 40-year-old Shiv Singh, son of Chotey Lal was killed after a tractor-trolley on which he was travelling fell into a roadside ditch.In yet another accident at Bhognipur, a 35-year-old generator mechanic Harishchandra was killed when a truck hit him late on Friday night. The deceased was waiting for conveyance near Patel Chowk.Woman robbed of jewellery by bikers: Bike-borne miscreants snatched a bag containing jewellery worth almost a lakh from Lajpat Nagar resident Sudha Dhawan in Kakadeo area on Saturday. Dhawan was on her way to a relative's place in Pandu Nagar when she was waylaid by the rogue bikers and deprived of her ornaments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17725580", "title": "National Commission for women help eludes Bihar rape victims", "text": "PATNA: If action speaks louder than words, then the National Commission for women (NCW) seems to pay only lip sympathy to the victims of gang rape. At least that appears to be the experience of Bihar.In July, the gang-rape of a teenaged girl, Ria (name changed), hit the headlines here. The video of gang rape went viral in the city, kicking up much dust. There were reports of rising rape cases in Patna, Gaya, Aurangabad and Nalanda districts too. In this backdrop, Charu Wali Khanna, member and in charge of Bihar chapter, NCW, visited Patna in August.She met Ria and several other victims of sexual assaults from the state. She had promised to provide counselling to them, saying, \"They need proper medico-legal counselling and NCW would definitely provide them counselling. We will also try to relocate Ria as she has expressed her wish for higher studies.\"However, the promises have not been kept. Four months on, Ria is yet to undergo a single session of counselling, much less being relocated. When TOI contacted Khanna, she said, \"I do remember the incidents but none of the girls has been relocated by the NCW yet. As NCW has no separate unit in the state, we could not provide counselling also.\"According to the counsellors of the State Commission for Women (SCW) and the women's helpline functioning under the Patna DM and the SP, for each of the rape victims or victims of any kind of sexual assault, the incident is just the beginning of a long ordeal as they reel under social stigma. A counsellor of the Patna women's helpline said, \"We are unable to provide them (the victims) any financial help. Big organizations like NCW or other NGOs can help them, but somehow they do not go beyond words.\"An SCW member, not wanting to be identified, said, \"We can only counsel the victims and their close ones. Mistrust of the world at large, a chronic fear of being harmed and a pervading sense of hopelessness can become chronic difficulties with the victims that need to be addressed while working with them. So we try not to make any ambitious promise like relocating them, which we are unable to do.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17724619", "title": "Teacher booked for beating student", "text": "HYDERABAD: A criminal case was registered against a teacher of Goutham Model School, Himayathnagar, for allegedly beating a class V student on Saturday.Narayanguda police said that Hemanth Abhishek,10, suffered injury to his teeth after he was allegedly assaulted by physical training teacher Suresh.The school principal reportedly refused to answer the call made by Hemanth's father MS Chaudhary to complain about the punishment meted out to his son, claiming that he was busy.Immediately the parents of the victim approached the local police who in turn registered a case against Suresh.Earlier, the parents also claimed that Suresh had threatened to expel Hemanth from school if the matter was brought to the notice of police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17724265", "title": "Pakistani cricketers will miss IPL 6 too", "text": "NEW DELHI: On a day Pakistan cricket team arrived in India for three ODIs and two T20 international, they were greeted with a rude shock yet again - they won't be taking part in next year's IPL.Sources said, according to the list released by the IPL governing council to all the franchisee of 37 players to be auctioned in February 3, none of the Pakistan cricketers figured. However, the biggest catch in the auction will be from England camp - starting from Monty Panesar , Matt Prior to Ravi Bhopara - all will be up for the grabs.Earlier, the franchises were in the impression that Pakistan players would be there in the auction because the national team was touring India for a short series. Some of the teams were actually eyeing them after seeing their performances in the last T20 World Championship in Sri Lanka .Sources said that the BCCI was not keen for the Pakistan cricketers and the official refused to specify the reason for keeping the Pakistan cricketers out yet again. Sources also said that the Indian government had nothing to do with this decision.\"There is no problem buying Pakistan cricketers in the auction, but somehow there was no move from anywhere to include them for the auction,\" a franchisee owner told TOI.Meanwhile, IPL said that the venue for the auction is yet to be decided. The auction was supposed to be held earlier, but it was clashing with the India-England ODI series which is scheduled to be held from January 11 to 27.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17729022", "title": "Akshay Kumar to shoot barechested for the Pokkiri Raja climax", "text": "Post Dabangg , hand-to-hand bare-chested hero-villain combats are in vogue.Two of our shyest pinup boys Akshay Kumar and Ronit Roy would be going bare-chested for a hand-to-hand combat in film where they play hero and arch-villain.The climax of the latest Akshay Kumar actioner Boss, a remake of the 2010 Malayalam hit Pokkiri Raja which was to be shot in March 2013 has now been preponed to January 2013 for reasons of locational availability.The climax would have Akshay Kumar locked in a one-to-one combat with the film's villain ,a nasty law-breaking cop played by Ronit Roy. The fight was to be shot on a Mumbai dockyard in March. But with the necessary permission for the same coming in two months ahead oc schedule, both Akshay Kumar and Ronit Roy have exactly a month to get into shape.Says a source, \"Not that Akshay and Ronit are not in shape. But the climactic combat requires a certain physical uniformity between the hero and villain.Director Tony d'Souza has asked both the actors to synchronize their screen presence.Akshay is by nature gaunt while Ronit is bulkier. They both need to work out their physicality to look combatively compatible on screen.\"The plan is to stage a Dabangg styled one-to-one combat with both the actors going bare-chested. A tall order,considering the time constraints.Says our source, \"While earlier Akshay and Ronit had a good three months to beef up they now have barely a month to become 'bare'-able.\"Incidentally Akshay Kumar has desisted from taking his shirt off in most of his films so far. As for Ronit he was asked to do the needful in Student Of The Year for a basketball sequence where he was ogled at by the gay dean( Rishi Kapoor ) .Ronit preferred to keep his vest on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "17724424", "title": "2 miscreants snatch bag containing Rs 3.18L", "text": "DHANBAD: Two unidentified miscreants snatched a bag containing Rs 3.18 lakh from a coal trader at Bank More circle on Saturday.Sudhir Kumar had withdrawn the money from the Bank of Baroda branch at Bank More and was going to deposit the same in a branch of the Union Bank of India in Bank More area. Two motor cyclists approached him as he came out of the bank and snatched the bag containing the money.They escaped in the busy market area. Bank More police station said an FIR has been lodged and investigation has begun.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17724367", "title": "Protests continue in Vadodara against Delhi gang rape", "text": "VADODARA: Anger and protests against the Delhi gang rape case continued unabated on Vadodara roads. Saturday was the day for students of Maharaja Sayajirao University and other educational institutions to express their rage. The students from faculty of commerce came out of their classes in the morning and stood in the complex holding placards with slogans 'Its time', 'Wake up' and 'Hang them', seeking death penalty for the rapists.\"We are shocked and dismayed by the way girls continue to be sexually assaulted on Delhi roads. This protest is meant to mark today as a 'Black Day' in protest against the incident of gang rape,\" class representative of third year BCom Mayank Patel said.Around the same time, students from other faculties of MSU took out a march around Fatehgunj, holding placards and raising slogans seeking justice for the victim and stringent punishment for the rapists.In the evening, around 200 students from various colleges, schools and MSU department got together at Akshar Chowk and took out a candle march upto Bird Circle to show solidarity with the gang rape victim. Bystanders joined in the chorus, encouraging the protesters to continue spreading the message. \"Dilli sudhi awaaz pahunchari do (your voice should reach Delhi)\" one of them shouted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17724422", "title": "Police patrol intensified in Ranchi", "text": "RANCHI: The recent spurt in cases of sexual harassment in the city and the unprecedented agitation by common man against the Delhi gang rape case has forced Ranchi police to step up their patrolling especially at vulnerable places in the city. Police are careful not to let situations, like a city girl immolating self after continuous sexual harassment, arise again.They are taking stricter actions against teasers and molesters and it is evident from the past few days when the police have caught hold of many. City SP Vipul Shukla said, \"The teasers' parents are called to police stations and informed about their sons' activities. The boys are warned and allowed to leave after that.\"He added, \"We are trying hard to stop teasing. We will be organizing seminars at various schools and colleges to spread awareness about how to stop teasing and how to act when a girl is teased.\"Senior superintendent of police, Saket Singh said in order to stop sexual harassments not just policemen in uniform but also policemen in plain clothes are deployed at vulnerable places in the city. \"We have deployed policemen near colleges, coaching institutes and shopping malls in the city as these places are most vulnerable,\" he said.\"Two teams of 10 policemen each have been constituted, one to patrol the stretch from Sarjana Chowk to Dangratoli Chowk and another from Albert Ekka Chowk to Lalpur. These teams will keep an eye on the teasers and take action if they are found troubling girls in anyway,\" Singh added. Singh said even the girls will have to be bold and approach police if they are harassed. \"When a girl is teased she is scared to approach the police thinking that she would be defamed but they have to be bold.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17726295", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcPolice to intensify patrolling\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "PUNE: Pune police will further intensify patrolling and will hold dialogue with college authorities, rectors of ladies hostels and other women organizations concerned to seek their inputs for preventing crime against women, said Gulabrao Pol in an interview to TOI on Saturday.Pol also appealed to women in the city to come forward and approach the police regarding their problems. \"If any woman has any sort of problem, she can immediately contact the nearest police station and lodge a complaint. The police will investigate her complaint on priority basis and will take stringent action against the suspects,\" Pol said.Pol said that the women can contact the police control room on '100' in case of emergency. \"The city police have a dedicated telephone number 1091 for women. They can also contact our social security cell of the crime branch regarding their problems,\" he said.Pol said that all the police stations in the city have already been asked to take serious cognizance of complaints registered by women. \"We have a separate cell for women at all police stations. The cell is headed by woman police officers,\" Pol said adding, \"The victims feel free to discuss their problems because of the women police officers.\"He said that the city police also have a redressal cell for women. \"We have a dedicated team for this cell. We have also appointed counsellors in the cell. This team hears the problems of women and tries to settle them every Tuesday and Friday,\" Pol said.Pol added that apart from this, all the police stations have been asked to intensify patrolling around colleges, schools and ladies hostels in their jurisdiction. \"They have been asked to deploy policemen in plain clothes near colleges so that they could keep a close watch on eve teasers and take action against them,\" he said.Pol said the police have also conducted meetings with school and college principals and rectors of ladies hostels in the city and sought inputs from them for preventing crime against women. \"We will conduct such meetings on a regular basis,\" he said.The traffic branch of the city police too will be sensitised regarding the security of women. \"Traffic police constables have been asked to keep a watch on persons harassing women drivers on city roads,\" Pol said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17724907", "title": "UP Mahotsav from December 24", "text": "LUCKNOW: It's the time to soak yourself into the festivities with UP Mahotsav starting from December 24. The 11-day long fest to be held at Moti Mahal ground will host programmes related to environment protection, health care and folk culture. The theme of the mahotsav is awareness and protection of environment.Organisers said that there will be programmes related to education. The cultural programmes will focus on regional languages like Bhojpuri, Awadhi, Bundelkhandi, and Braj. \"This will help in saving and preserving the cultural heritage of Uttar Pradesh,\" said Vinod Singh, an organiser.The mahotsav will include handloom, handcraft stalls, women committee, gram vikas and others. The entry fee for the mahotsav is Rs 10. Releasing the day-wise schedule, organisers said that on December 25, there will be a programme in Bhojpuri in the evening.Events such as rangoli competition, drama, essay writing, fashion show, rock band performance, flower, and bridal decoration, singing and dance programmes will be held in the later days. On January 1, programmes related to unemployment , women empowerment and other social issues will be organised. The mahotsav will end on January 3 with prize distribution ceremony for various events.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17726131", "title": "Give political prisoner status for people with 'dissenting political views\u00e2\u20ac\u2122: SAR Geelani", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Committee for Release of Political Prisoners (CRPP), headed by SAR Geelani who was acquitted in the 2001 Parliament attack case, has demanded that all those facing prosecution for their \"dissenting political views\" \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a description that may fit Maoists, insurgents and even terrorists - be accorded the status of 'political prisoner'. This would entitle them to better prison facilities.The resolution seeking \"political status\" for all those \"holding different political views\" was adopted at the end of a CRPP 'convention against draconian laws' organized in Hyderabad on December 10 and 11. It comes in the wake of a Calcutta High Court order in August according political prisoner status to seven jailed Maoists as per the provisions of the West Bengal Correctional Services Act. This had later prompted American Center attack convict Aftab Ansari, currently lodged in the Alipore Central jail, to also seek political prisoner status for himself.The CRPP convention in Hyderabad was inaugurated by Justice (retd) B Sudarshan Reddy, the Supreme Court judge who had delivered the order disbanding Salwa Judum, and attended, among others, by former CPI (Maoist) interlocutor and alleged Naxal sympathizer P Varavara Rao, according to a recent IB note on the meet marked to the NSA, the Cabinet secretary and the Union home secretary.In yet another resolution adopted at the Hyderabad convention, the CRPP and delegates from Andhra Pradesh, Delhi, Jharkhand, Kerala, Odisha and West Bengal, condemned the speedy disposal of 26/11 attacker Ajmal Kasab's mercy petition and questioned his hanging on grounds of Constitutional impropriety. Geelani told TOI that though he could not immediately recall the resolution on Kasab, he was outraged over the Pakistani terrorist not being given the opportunity to seek a judicial review following the rejection of his mercy plea.\"The existing law allowed Kasab to appeal against rejection of his mercy plea by the President. We do not know if he was told about this right before hanging,\" Geelani said. The Hyderabad convention passed resolutions seeking the repeal of the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act and the Armed Forces Special Powers Act.The speakers at the events, according to the IB note, opposed attempts to operationalize the National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC), citing fears that it would give unrestrained powers to the Centre to interfere in the day-to-day policing in states. There were protests too against the alleged \"incarceration\" of Muslim youth on trumped up charges.Incidentally, the CRPP is on the radar of the intelligence agencies for its campaign against alleged \"state repression\", particularly in J&K;, and its backing of alleged pro-Maoist outlook. CRPP leader Latif Mohd Khan had even sought lifting of the ban on CPI (Maoist) at the Hyderabad meet.However, Geelani dismisses IB's linking CRPP to CPI (Maoist) as a \"figment of its imagination\" and insists that his organization is committed to fighting for those being prosecuted for \"political dissent\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17724762", "title": "Sonia\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s stand on dalit promotion quota bill is pure drama, Mayawati says", "text": "NEW DELHI: Dalit czarina Mayawati ridiculed as \"drama\" Sonia Gandhi's pursuit of the Samajwadi Party MP, who tore up the 'promotion quota' bill in the Lok Sabha.In an interview with TOI, she said that the Congress took up the quota issue six years too late after the Supreme Court order in Nagaraj case and lacked the sincerity that it displayed on women's reservation bill in the Rajya Sabha in March, 2010.\"There was similar situation on women's quota bill but government asked the chair to call the marshals. The women's bill reached fruition when marshals were used. If the Centre was sincere on dalit quota bill, they should have done the same,\" Mayawati told TOI.Asked if Sonia's pursuit of the SP MP, who snatched the bill from the minister, did not show commitment, Mayawati remarked, \"That was pure theatre.\"The BSP leader's assault on the Congress president has set the stage for war of credits between the women chieftains. A livid Mayawati is making no bones about her belief that Congress was the villain of the quota piece, while ignoring the voice of dissent from the BJP.The bitterness seems rooted in hard-nosed political calculations. Mayawati views the Congress as bigger threat among all rivals since they share overlapping vote banks like dalits and Muslims. With hostilities over reservations unlikely to abate till the legislation is passed, the BSP chief can be trusted to raise the pitch against the Centre.However, she said the BSP would not withdraw support to the Congress-led Centre even as she trashed the UPA tenure as a failure. \"The Centre has failed on all fronts. But we do not want to withdraw and give them chance to tell people that had BSP backed us for one year more, we would have done amazing things for them,\" she said.Mayawati rubbished the notion she was supporting UPA despite visible unhappiness because she cannot face the elections at the moment, having been ousted from Uttar Pradesh only nine months ago. \"I would prefer elections today over tomorrow,\" she said, adding the SP government's misrule already has people pining for her regime.'Samajwadi Party behind stir'In her trademark acerbic tone, she said Mulayam Singh's bid to use 'promotion quota' bill to instigate upper castes and OBCs against BSP would come a cropper. She said the protest strike by employees in UP was orchestrated by SP, which distributed money to incite people and by the state government which shut down offices to force employees to come out on the streets. \"Why are there no protests outside UP? Are there no uppercastes in other states? It is because they know that reservation in promotion is given to dalits since 1995 and is nothing new,\" she said.Playing her own strategy to box Mulayam in narrower identity prism, the BSP chief asked, \"Yadavs are occupying all top posts today. What have non-Yadav OBCs, upper castes and Muslims got in last nine months?\" She said people of UP would not be misled by Mulayam's propaganda because they know that Samajwadi Party is only the \"well-wisher of criminals and mafia\".Excerpts of the interview with Mayawati:Who is responsible for stalling the bill?What we saw in the Lok Sabha on December 19-20, it seems the Congress is not sincere in passing the bill. Some SP MPs tore up the bill when it was tabled. There was a similar situation in the Rajya Sabha (in 2010) when women's reservation bill came and government asked the chair to call the marshals to evict the protesting MPs. Women's bill reached fruition when marshals were used. Should not Congress have asked for marshals now? If the Centre was sincere, they would have done the same.Sonia Gandhi took personal interest and even tried to stop the MP who snatched the bill from minister?That was pure theatre. If Congress's high command was sincere, they would have asked the chair to call the marshals. This was just a drama.SP thinks its protest against the quota bill would unite upper castes and OBCs in its favour?People of UP are very aware. They know SP is not a well-wisher of anyone but goons and mafia. Even among OBCs, its focus is only on Yadavs. Mulayam Singh Yadav had barred the appointment of upper castes in government jobs, 35 lakh appointments were stalled. I removed the ban. In nine months of SP rule, how many upper castes have got the jobs? But see, Yadavs are occupying all the top posts. Where are other OBCs, Muslims? Mulayam Singh shouts a lot about Muslims but SP should look within. SP promised in its election manifesto to give 18% quota to Muslims. After nine months, it has done nothing.How will the quota issue play out in UP?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17727823", "title": "Varadhanayaka-Lakshmi to clash at the BO", "text": "Sudeep and Shivarajkumar's next releases will be vying for the audiences' attention, as they release on the same day \u00e2\u20ac\u201d January 4. While Shivarajkumar will have his much-delayed Lakshmi, which was inititially supposed to be his 101st release, hitting the screens, Sudeep will be seen in Varadhanayaka. Coincidentally, Sudeep's film too has faced a delayed release.Lakshmi , which has been directed by Raghava Loki, has Shivarajkumar paired opposite Priya Mani for the first time in his career. This film was meant to release long back, but it got delayed due to various reasons. This is an original story, which was written only with Shivarajkumar in mind, the director has said earlier.Varadhanayaka , on the other hand, is the remake of the Telugu hit Lakshyam. While this film has Sudeep, he isn't the hero of the film. Chiranjeevi Sarja and Nikeesha Patel are the lead pair of this film, while Sudeep will be seen in a special appearance. Incidentally, this film will be Mumbai-based starlet Sameera Reddy's first Kannada film, where she will be seen as Sudeep's love interest. Ravishankar, a regular now in Sudeep's films, is the villain in the film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17728705", "title": "Sachin Tendulkar retires from ODIs", "text": "NEW DELHI: One of the game's all-time greats, Sachin Tendulkar, on Sunday announced his retirement from one-day cricket, bringing to an end a glorious 23-year-old career in the format during which he rewrote numerous batting records.Profile: Sachin Tendulkar | In Pics: Sachin's one-day journey\"I have decided to retire from the one-day format of the game. I feel blessed to have fulfilled the dream of being part of a World Cup wining Indian team. The preparatory process to defend the World Cup in 2015 should begin early and in right earnest,\" the 39-year-old said in a statement released by the BCCI today.\"I would like to wish the team all the very best for the future. I am eternally grateful to all my well wishers for their unconditional support and love over the years,\" he added.Tendulkar, considered the most complete batsman in modern cricket and one who was considered next only to the legendary Sir Donald Bradman, retires from the ODI format at the top of the run-getters' list.Tendulkar goes out after amassing 18,426 runs in 463 one-dayers at an average of 44.83. The diminutive right-hander has an astonishing 49 hundreds in the format, including a double hundred -- the first in this form of the game.Tendulkar made his ODI debut against Pakistan way back in 1989 and interestingly he is quitting the scene just ahead of another series against the arch-rivals.The Mumbaikar, who made himself unavailable for Twenty20 after playing just one game in 2006, will now remain active in only the Test arena.The brightest moment of his ODI career came last year when he finally became part of a World Cup winning Indian team after five previous appearances.Speculation over Tendulkar's future had grown after his continuing failures in the past one year.His last ODI hundred came in the Asia Cup in Bangladesh in March this year -- a feat that completed an unprecedented 100 international tons.He was stuck on 99 tons for quite a while after scoring two hundreds during India's successful World Cup campaign. Tendulkar also has an mammoth tally of 96 ODI 50s to his credit.Despite the recent slump in his form, Tendulkar's overall tally of runs is unlikely to be matched anytime soon given that the distant second-best in the list, former Australian captain Ricky Ponting, has already retired from the game with 13,704 runs under his belt.Sri Lanka's retired great Sanath Jayasuriya occupies the third spot in the overall chart with 13,430 runs.Besides his batting, Tendulkar was an effective partnership-breaking bowler and finishes his ODI career with 154 wickets, including two five-wicket hauls.Tendulkar's Test records are as awe-inspiring. The right-hander has 15,645 runs at an average of 54.32 in 194 Tests that he has played so far. The tally includes 51 hundreds and 66 half-centuries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "over the last five days, thousands of people, largely young girls and boys, have turned up on the streets of delhi and other cities to express their anger at the gang rape of a 23-year-old in a moving bus last sunday. they have braved lathicharges, tear gas and water cannons to register their rage. their message is clear", "code": "17725991", "title": "Channel this anger to secure real changes", "text": "Over the last five days, thousands of people, largely young girls and boys, have turned up on the streets of Delhi and other cities to express their anger at the gang rape of a 23-year-old in a moving bus last Sunday. They have braved lathicharges, tear gas and water cannons to register their rage. Their message is clear: this kind of crime against women will not be tolerated.However, this is time to give the people's movement greater relevance by thinking how this unprecedented energy can be channelized to secure more effective and durable outcomes. If we do not seize this opportunity to force some fundamental changes in the way our women are treated by officialdom, hoodlums and society at large, it would be a pity, and indeed, a fantastic opportunity lost.What do we want? That calls for clear thinking informed by a firm conviction that women deserve and must be given respect. Justice in this particular case is a must, but not enough. We must demand much more. The goal must be to create an overall environment in which women feel safe and comfortable.Today, women live with the threat of molestation and worse hanging over them all the time. We must, therefore, look at how the law can best deter incidents of rape and molestation, how the police can better ensure the safety of women and how society at large can contribute to this effort.In today's highly charged atmosphere, 'death for rapists' seems the slogan of choice in terms of deterrence. But we must think this through, especially when women's groups say that death penalty could be counter-productive. If a rapist knows he could get death if convicted, he might be tempted to get rid of the strongest evidence against him - the testimony of the victim - by killing her.That's why TOI had instead suggested chemical castration. Chemical castration depresses a man's libido and leaves him incapable of sexual arousal. In other words, we proposed that a rapist should be made \"namard\" - a powerful deterrent, you will admit, in our society.Together with deterrence, there must be a much higher conviction rate and speedier trials. That calls for the use of every technological tool available for catching the accused and gathering foolproof evidence against them. It also means we need special courts to deal with sexual offences so that cases finish fast and punishment is meted out while people still remember the crime. That way, the heavy price can be related to the crime.On the policing front, we need many more boots on the ground, and many more policewomen. We also need a police force with modern sensibilities, one that does not share the criminal's mindset that every woman out late at night or on a date with her boyfriend is of 'loose character' and hence fair game. So, it's the job of police seniors to educate their force.The police must learn that today's 'eve-teaser' - a euphemism that makes sexual harassment seem like the innocuous chhed-chhaad of Bollywood - is tomorrow's potential rapist. If we need to cut down on crimes against women, there must be zero tolerance for apparently minor ones too.The police must also recognize that drunken groups intimidating passers-by on the streets or in pubs are a major part of the environment that makes women feel unsafe and uncomfortable. There must be no tolerance for such behaviour too.But if we demand such zero tolerance from the police, we must practice it ourselves. We must speak up or at least complain to the police every time we see a girl being harassed or drunken louts creating a nuisance. If we ourselves take the easy option and look the other way every time we spot trouble, we would be letting down the brave girl fighting for her life in Delhi's Safdarjung Hospital.Related story:  Protesters refuse to beat retreat at Vijay Chowk", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17726262", "title": "Jacintha's brother unaware of her health problems", "text": "MANGALORE: Even as Ben Barboza, husband of Jacintha Saldanha, 46, and a victim of 'royal hoax' returned to the England on Saturday, family members here are clueless about media reports on her \"suicidal tendencies\". But for the instance when Jacintha was admitted to Fr Muller Medical College Hospital here on January 8 after a fall, the family doesn't know of any other instance of hospitalisation on December 30, 2011.Jacintha's brother Naveen Saldanha told STOI she never discussed her life and health issues with him during her visits to Mangalore. Naveen, who had visited Jacintha at Fr Muller Medical College Hospital when she was admitted to the ICU, said he couldn't speak to her. \"Moreover, Jacintha never wanted the family to know of the incident and we played a behind-the-scene role,\" he said.\"Even this incident (on January 8) was not discussed at home for the knowledge of it would have hurt my ailing mother Carmine,\" Naveen said, adding, \"We told her (Carmine) that Jacintha was admitted to hospital for blood pressure problems.\" The relatives played a supporting role to the Barboza family when she was in hospital, he said, adding they never discussed any aspect of her hospitalisation after her discharge from the ward.Explaining that Jacintha came across as a cheerful woman during her visits to Mangalore, Naveen said she interacted with family member, especially his daughter and Carmine, with poise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17726446", "title": "7-day police custody for onion trader's kidnappers", "text": "NASHIK: Eight people, who were arrested for kidnapping a city-based onion trader and were demanding a ransom of Rs 5 crore for his release, were remanded in seven days' police custody after they were produced in the Pimpalgaon court in Nashik district on Saturday.The gang had abducted Shankarlal Thakkar from Pimpalgaon and had demanded the ransom from his family. The accused are Sachin Patil (25) of Umbarkhed road, Sunil Bhaurao Pithe (19) of Rajiv Nagar, Khedgaon, Sagar Vijay Gavli (21) of Behed in Niphad tehsil, Mulani Daud Hussein (21)of Pachorvani in Niphad tehsil, Tushar Vikram Bairagi (20) of Pimpalgaon Baswant, Arjun Madhukar Rahane (25) of Mauje Sukene in Niphad tehsil, Yogesh Daulat Gadakh (21) of Pachorevani in Niphad tehsil and Kondaji Chandrabhan Wadekar (21) of Kharshinde in Ahmednagar district.Police said two more accomplices were still at large and a manhunt had been launched to trace them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17726227", "title": "Govt for stricter penalty in \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcrarest of rare\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 rape cases", "text": "NEW DELHI: Forced on the back foot by unprecedented public fury over the savage gangrape of a 23-year-old girl in a moving bus last Sunday, the government on Saturday announced its intent to immediately amend the law to provide for death penalty in \"rarest of rare\" rape cases.Simultaneously, five police personnel found responsible for lapses that led to the gangrape going undetected despite the bus passing at least three check points have been suspended and a commission of inquiry is being set up to review the crime and the police response, according to home minister Sushilkumar Shinde .\"To ensure a strong law to deal with crimes of this nature, the government will take immediate steps for the amendment of the criminal law for enhanced and more effective punishment in the rarest of the rare cases of sexual assault,\" Shinde told a special media briefing on Saturday after police and protestors clashed through the day.Although Shinde did not clearly commit that \"enhanced punishment\" meant death penalty, the proposed \"rarest of rare\" clause as in the case of a death sentence for murder comes in the backdrop of a deafening chorus of demands, backed by opposition BJP, for prescribing capital punishment for rape. The minister insisted the issue needs to be weighed legally.The briefing came in the wake of sharp criticism that the government was \"absent\" in the face of public demonstrations and after Congress chief Sonia Gandhi spoke to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Shinde urging them to ensure a speedy investigation so that the guilty could be punished without delay.Even if the law ministry eventually shies away from placing capital punishment within anti-rape laws, legal experts say there are other avenues to make the law more stringent. This may include making such \"rarest of rare\" rape crimes non-bailable on the lines of Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act or providing for a life sentence that extends to the lifespan of the rapist.Shinde said the commission of inquiry, to be set up under the Commission of Inquiry Act, 1951, will review the response to the gangrape and suggest measures to enhance the security and safety of women in the Capital. The act gives the inquiry a certain sanctity as the government is bound to present an action taken report.Shinde, however, ruled out a special session of Parliament to legislate laws to punish rape as demanded by leader of Opposition in the Lok Sabha Sushma Swaraj.A day after home secretary R K Singh lauded the police for having cracked the gang-rape case swiftly, Shinde announced the decision to suspend five police personnel. It is understood more action may follow as the complaint of a vendor robbed by the accused shortly before the crime was not taken seriously. Also, the account of the victim's male friend that they had been thrown out of a white bus failed to result in a quick response.The measures were announced by Shinde on a day when spontaneous protests by thousands of youngsters at Rajpath took on a clear anti-Congress hue. This was evident as at least two anti-Congress slogans coined by the Arvind Kejriwal's Aam Aadmi Party - \"Jiski Sonia mummy hai, woh sarkar nikammi hai\" and \"Sonia Gandhi soti hai, desh ki mahila roti hai\" - figured prominently in the protests.Through the day, the government came under fire from protestors and the media for its silence. The Prime Minister remained closeted in meetings, further enraging the agitating students. The lack of an assurance of decisive action by Shinde, Delhi chief minister Shiela Dikshit or senior home ministry officials ensured the protestors stayed put, blocking the access to VIP areas on Raisina Hill.Sonia's intervention seeking quick action and stern punishment for the gang-rape accused and an increasingly militant sea of protestors forced the government not only to open a channel of communication with agitated students but also to announce decisive measures meeting their demands for enhanced maximum punishment.Shinde, who also met some student leaders on Saturday evening, sought to assure the protestors that the government shared their outrage and is doing all possible to fast-track the trial. He said though the government respected their right of legitimate protest, the police had little option but to use force, though minimal, when the protestors started forcing themselves beyond the barricades.\"The government is with you and shared your outrage...We have heard and acknowledge your protests over what has happened and will do whatever is possible ... Please rest assured and return to your homes,\" Shinde appealed to the protestors through the media.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17725194", "title": "Legal hurdles to Sector 29 market free parking cleared", "text": "GURGAON: Decks have been cleared for parking in the Sector 29 market area to become free of charge in the coming months, after Punjab and Haryana court dismissed a petition by the parking contractor concerned challenging the decision by HUDA to make parking free.The petition had come up for hearing on Friday and the court did not find any merit in it.Sensing the mood of the court, the contractor offered to withdraw the petition.The court's decision has now cleared all the legal hurdles coming in the way of making parking free for shoppers at the Sector 29 market.\"Parking will be made free very soon. The market association has pledged to manage it on its own,\" said a senior HUDA official.The sites will be able to accommodate over 30,000 cars and this will substantially solve the parking problem. HUDA had invited fresh tenders for 32 parking sites in sectors but had excluded certain portions of the Sector 29 market.\"At two places in the Sector 29 market the parking would be free for shoppers and visitors. This has been done to popularize the HUDA market in the area,\" said Manoj Khatri, estate officer II.At present, the parking sites at Sector 29 market are being run by the private contractor.The HUDA administrator, Praveen Kumar had ordered that parking would be free for visitors in Sector 29 market and this led to a legal tangle between the private contractor and HUDA.The private contractor had secured the stay for %running the parking till fresh tenders for the parking are invited and he will %have to wrap up once the formalities for the tenders are completed.Before finalizing the sites of parking in the area, the HUDA officials had inspected the location and calculated its tentative capacity. Details like the size of the parking plot, location and proximity with commercial and residential areas are being worked out to finalize the minimum price for the parking contractor.In the new parking areas, the contractors will have to make their operators use hand-held devices for charging parking fees and also deploy adequate manpower round the clock.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17726095", "title": "Ludhiana cops yet to crack whip on vehicles using black films", "text": "LUDHIANA: : City police haven't apparently learnt any lessons from the brutal gang rape in Delhi as most of the private buses here continue to ply with thick black films having zero visibility. No action has been taken against these vehicles.\"Black films are not allowed and there are clear cut directions of the Supreme Court in this regard. However, many of the bus operators are not aware of this and we are thus planning to hold a meeting with these people to dispel their ignorance. After the meeting, we will start a campaign under which challans would be issued against all the buses that have black films,\" said assistant commissioner police (traffic), Elanchezhian.Elanchezhian needs to told that the SC ruling came way back in October and the police initiative to teach the bus operators is a delayed and knee-jerk response. One wonders what made the department wait for too long to think about cracking the whip on them when they already had nailed other vehicle-owners.\"Despite having taken strict action against the autos and other traffic violators, the police have gone soft on these buses. They violate traffic rules with impunity and drive recklessly. At least, the black filming on the private buses should be taken off and there should be proper visibility so as to avoid any Delhi repeat,\" said, Harleen Kaur, a homemaker and a resident of Model Town. \"The gruesome gang rape in Delhi in a bus with black films should be an eye-opener for the city police,\" said Gurpreet Kaur, a student and a resident of Civil Lines.\"Black filming should be removed from all vehicles, especially the buses. While the police have carried out many drives to remove the black films from cars, the buses ply with these on. The gruesome gang rape in Delhi in a bus with black films should be an eye-opener for the city police,\" said Gurpreet Kaur, a student and a resident of Civil Lines.\"The Delhi incident has left me so scared that I have already told my wife and sister that whenever they travel to Chandigarh or elsewhere in a bus, they should ensure that there are enough number of female passengers sitting in the bus and that the window panes don't have tinted glass. Police should do something as fear stalks people all across the country,\" said Rakesh Pandey, a resident of Urban estate Dugri Phase I.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17726193", "title": "O'Coqueiro to Mandovi bridge stretch set to get wider", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar has directed the public works department (PWD) to prepare an estimate for an additional lane on the eastern side of NH 17, from O'Coqueiro junction to Mandovi bridge, to reduce vehicular congestion.Parrikar on Friday inspected the ongoing widening of the western side of NH 17 from Britona to the O'Coqueiro circle. The PWD is widening a 2km stretch of road at an estimated cost of 2.5 crore.Speaking to TOI, PWD's principal engineer J S Rego said that Parrikar has inspected the NH-17 stretch from O'Coqueiro to Mandovi bridge, and has \"asked the PWD to prepare an estimate for the same\".The PWD has also promoted around 30 junior engineers to assistant engineer in the department and around 12 officers have been transferred. \"We have transferred those engineers who have completed more then six years in same office\", said Rego.Sources close to engineers who have been transferred said that the department deliberately transferred those officers who were closed to former PWD minister Churchill Alemao. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17726255", "title": "Youth want death for Delhi rapists", "text": "PUNE: Various organizations in the city took out a protest march on Saturday to condemn the Delhi gangrape incident. The protesters demanded stringent laws to prevent crime against women and restrict cases of molestation and rape.The Aam Admi Party took out a march from Goodluck chowk up to the Sambhaji park with participation of more than 100 youths including college students. Amit Godse, one of the participants said, \"The protest is not only against the rape case, but we also want the judiciary to function at a faster pace to give justice in time.\" Godse also pointed out that the presence of police force was essential in some cities in the country considering the increasing rate of crime against women.Students from various colleges and working professionals came together at another march. More than 300 students and youths participated in the march. Citizens from the nearby localities also joined in the march. The protesters demanded death penalty for Delhi gangrape culprits by amending law.The Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad also conducted a protest march on the Fergusson college road and Jangli Maharaj road where more than 500 people participated. Sachin Supekar, a participant said that the government needed to give harsh punishment to people who are involved in crime against women. Vandana Vaychal another participant said that it was high time the administration and the government initiated steps to enhance security of women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17725685", "title": "Don't be 'reactionary', Blair adviser tells Muslims", "text": "After he had finished delivering an inspiring speech at a career fest last week, Dr Waqar Azmi was almost mobbed by the crowd. It seemed like the Muslim gathering had waited for a long time for someone like him.Secretary General of the British Muslim Forum and chief adviser on equality issues to former British PM Tony Blair , the India-born Azmi is the antithesis of many polarising supremists masquerading as Islamic preachers. And he does not hesitate to knock one such in the city. \"I am speaking in English here because that is the language the Mumbai-based preacher uses to misguide young, educated Muslims,\" declared Azmi to the congregation of Sunni Muslims at Azad Maidan last Sunday. \"I have to reply to this dangerous voice.\" Without pitting Islam against other religions like the polarising preacher-who had once said that he could not call Osama Bin Laden a terrorist because he didn't know him-Azmi told Muslims to denounce the jihadists who killed innocents in the name of Islam.Earlier, Azmi spoke to this reporter about his struggle to succeed in the fiercely competitive British society. Only 13 when he left his native Azamgarh for England in the '80s, he spoke no English when he landed there. \"Racism was then at its peak. One day while I was playing in a park, a group of British boys called me a 'dirty Paki' and thrashed me,\" recounts Azmi, who has been listed among the world's 500 most influential Muslims by Georgetown University . Though he did not venture near the park for months after that, the incident propelled him to work harder. Attending a secular school in the day and a religious seminary in the evening, he acquired a degree in politics and social policy and mastery over the Quran, which he copiously quotes in his speeches.Without batting an eyelid, Azmi accepts the shortcomings in Muslim society today. \"Muslims have become reactionary rather than responding forces,\" he says. \"Reaction leads to friction and destruction while responding paves the way for reconciliation and peaceWhen controversies erupt over cartoons or films on the Prophet, I tell Muslims there is no image of the Prophet. So any cartoon or film depicting him will be fake. Why fight over a fake depiction? When Muslims react violently, they play into the hands of forces that want to incite the community and paint it as reactionary.\"Azmi cites the Prophet's choices in the initial days of Islam. \"He could have tried to destroy all non-Muslims in Medina; commanded everyone to become a Muslim; or chosen the path of integration,\" he says. \"He chose the last option and invited everyone, including Jews and Christians, to the society he formed. The problem surfaces when, instead of integration, Muslims want to colonise. They want to create a separate society.\" Azmi has been on several inquiry panels into racial riots in UK and received an OBE from the Queen when he was only 32.Proud of his Indian roots, Azmi believes that multicultural India is the best country for Muslims. \"Despite so much diversity, India remains successfully democratic and secular,\" he says. \"Muslims must feel integrated into Indian society and contribute to its growth. They cannot afford to carry a victim mentality.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17725299", "title": "Traffickers target northeast Indian women, sell them like cattle", "text": "GUWAHATI: As Delhi convulses in deep anger and anxiety at the gang-rape of a 23-year-old last Sunday, quietly in the North-East hordes of women continue to be put up for sale - for work as bonded labourers, as wives to men around the country too old or infirm to get one, and as prostitutes in the brothels of the country.In fact, so blaise and open is the trade that there is a price fixed for each category -- Rs 1 lakh for marriage, Rs 1.5 lakh for prostitution and Rs 5,000-Rs 6,000 for bonded labour.\"Assam has become the hotbed of human traffickers from all over the country,\" says Kailash Satyarthi, noted anti-human trafficking and child labour activist. \"Children from the North-East, mostly minor girls, are trafficked for being used as domestic helps in metros and are physically abused and sexually exploited as well. Every year, 4,000 children go missing from the state.\"On Thursday, Dispur police rescued a 15-year-old Assamese girl from Haryana. Earlier, the Hatigaon police arrested two men, Md Abdul Rashid and Rafiqul Islam, for selling two girls, hailing from the city's Hatigaon area, in New Delhi. Assam police have arrested 449 persons so far this year in relation to trafficking cases.According to state home department records, during 2012, a total of 2,109 cases of abduction of women were registered in Assam, of which 1,398 were rescued from various places. At least 894 women, mostly in the age group 15-30, were rescued from outside the state.The largest markets for trafficked NE women are metros like Delhi and Mumbai, and states like West Bengal , Goa, Kerala and even Arunachal Pradesh. According to official records, 117 Assamese women were rescued in Maharashtra, 173 in the border areas of Arunachal Pradesh and 13 in Delhi between January and December 2012.\"Most of the vulnerable girls were lured with the promise of jobs by trafficking agents. Once trapped in the racket, they are sold to agents of brothels in West Bengal, Mumbai, Goa and Hisar in Haryana. The number of cases is actually more than the registered ones as many trafficking victims get stuck in the flesh trade and are unable to escape,\" says a police official.According to Bachpan Bachao Andolan, an NGO working to spread awareness on human trafficking, the low conviction rate encourages traffickers to spread their tentacles. \"During 2007-11, 17,558 inspections were made by the Assam government; they led to only 58 prosecutions and just nine convictions. In the NE, a total of 26,553 inspections were made, of which 64 prosecutions were completed and just 15 of the accused were convicted,\" said an official of the NGO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17726257", "title": "NCC cadets to get hands on training to defend themselves", "text": "MANGALORE: At a time when increasing attack on women is creating an atmosphere of fear among people across the country, the Karnataka Naval Unit NCC, Mangalore, is all set to make girls strong enough to defend themselves from miscreants.The combined annual training camp of the NCC this year will focus on providing training in basic survival techniques. As many as 700 cadets, including 110 senior division girls and boys, will participate in the 10-day camp at St Sebastian High School, Thokkotu, Ullal, that will conclude on December 29.NCC unit commanding officer Com N Ramachandra told STOI that though there will be training on various aspects, the focus will be on instilling confidence among girls in the wake of recent attack on women.\"The camp will offer a basic unarmed and street smart combat course for senior cadets under the aegis of NCC and the International Shorinjiryu Kenryukan Karate Assoc (India HQ), Mumbai. Keeping in view the growingly unsafe environment, as a part of this course, the cadets will undergo intensive and rigorous training in basic survival training. Knowledge of the use of unarmed combat techniques like basic karate, holds and throws, bone locks and take downs will be imparted to make them confident,\" Ramachandra said.The training will be conducted under the guidance of expert karate teacher Shihan Atul V Joshi, 6th Degree black belt holder of Mumbai from the International Shorinjiryu Kenryukan Karate Association, New York and chief instructor India of the organization.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "17727062", "title": "Commandos defuse explosives in Gadchiroli", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Gadchiroli police on Saturday foiled a bid by Naxalites on the life on security forces after a team traced explosives planted under the road at Gatta (Fulbodi) and Pendri road in Dhanora tehsil of Gadchiroli in Saturday afternoon. Cops deactivated the booby trap and recovered explosives buried under the road.Police sources said a joint team of CRPF and C-60 commandos were carrying out anti-Naxal operation in the area under Gutta (Fulbodi) police outpost. While returning to base camp, an alert jawan suspected a booby trap on the road around 1.5km from Gatta. A close search revealed a wire leading out from a buried explosive under the road.Experts in bomb disposal unearthed the explosive and defused the device. An offence in this connection has been registered with Gutta AOP and anti-Naxal operation has been intensified in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17724131", "title": "Our pacers were a bit raw but we need to back them: Dhoni", "text": "MUMBAI: India captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni on Saturday criticised his inexperienced pacers Ashok Dinda and Parvinder Awana for giving away too many runs, but said the duo needs to be backed as they are good future prospects.Defending 177 for eight, India witnessed an awful start before Yuvraj Singh's (3/17) heroics with the ball took the second Twenty20 international against England to the wire.But eventually it was not to be India's day as captain Eoin Morgan produced a scintillating 26-ball 49-run unbeaten knock to hand England a thrilling six wicket win to level the two-match series 1-1.\"The dew really does change the course of the game but we didn't start very well, we were a fraction short. There was something there for the fast bowlers but they were cut and pulled early on,\" Dhoni said at the post-match presentation at the Wankhede stadium.\"We came back well but couldn't keep it going. We could have got another 10-12 runs at the end of our innings too but overall it was a good performance. The fast bowlers are still a bit raw but they got good experience and exposure to international cricket. They are good prospects for us but we need to back them,\" he added.Morgan, who snatched the win for England with a six off the last ball, said with a great Twenty20 pitch on offer the visitors had backed themselves to chase down the target set by India.\"It was a hell of a game of cricket, a fantastic match and a great pitch for a game of Twenty20. The stats suggest, particularly at this stadium, that the chasing side usually wins and we backed ourselves to do that,\" he said.Morgan also lauded his side's fielding effort in the match.\"It was a good job because we nearly fell short. Fielding was outstanding, we try to save 10-15 runs each time and today we were amazing,\" said Morgan, who was adjudged man-of-the-match for his match-winning knock.Man-of-the-series Yuvraj Singh, who scalped six wickets in two matches, was pleased with his performances in the rubber.\"I tried to do it for the team, bowl a few overs, vary my pace and try to confuse them. It's tough to bowl with the dew, the ball comes quicker on to the bat and runs away.\"I've been batting well, hitting the ball well, so that's good for me,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17724241", "title": "Black money recovered from 10 doctors in Ahmedabad", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In a state-wide raid, income tax officials cracked down on more than 10 doctors in a search and survey operation.Income tax officials surveyed six city-based doctors in the operation and have found unaccounted income disclosure worth Rs 4.5 crore. The doctors covered in the operation include renowned urologist and knee and spine specialist.IT officials said that they found that the doctors had undervalued their income. Officials said that the unaccounted income was then invested for clinic and hospital. tnn\"We found that the income from patient receipts had been undervalued by most of them. Even the investments done on hospitals, machines and clinics were unaccounted for a few doctors. The doctors have made disclosures worth Rs 4.5 crore. However, we believe the tax evasion is higher and are investigating further,\" said a senior I-T official. In 2008, tax sleuths searched 22 premises belonging to 13 well-known city based doctors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17724451", "title": "Vadodara IAF transport squadron awarded", "text": "VADODARA: President Pranab Mukherjee presented the \"Standard\" to 25 Squadron and 33 Squadron of the Indian Air Force at Air Force Station, Sulur in Tamil Nadu a few days ago.The event included a ceremonial parade, fly-past by An-32 aircraft, Dorniers and Dhruv Advanced Light Helicopters in various formations. A demonstration was also held by the Air Warrior Drill Team.The President said 25 Squadron-which was relocated on September 11 under HQ SWAC at Vadodara-as well as 33 Sqn had a rich tradition of valour and courage and had rendered distinguished service to the nation.The President's Standard is bestowed upon a unit in recognition of the dedication and meritorious service rendered by it. The President's Standard represents the honour of a squadron and is displayed with pride on ceremonial occasions.25 Sqn, also called 'Himalayan Eagles', has played a vital role in the Indo-Pak conflicts of 1965 and 1971, Op Parakram, Operation Vijay and Kargil Operation in 1999.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17724858", "title": "Hats off to news journey", "text": "NEW DELHI: It was graduation day on Thursday for the 2012 batch of Times School of Journalism. The students had completed the one-year postgraduate journalism course and spirits were high at the convocation.Senthil Chengalvarayan, president and editorial director of TV18 Business Media, was the chief guest. Having worked in both print and broadcast media, he asked the aspiring journalists to stick to the basics, irrespective of the medium or technology. He also signalled a \"shift of the pendulum back to textual journalism, as the internet has taken over the industry with its ease of access, like TV once did\".It was a homecoming of sorts for Senthil, also an alumni of the institute, who returned to a Times School convocation after 27 years. Rahul Kansal, executive president, TOI was also present, apart from faculty, staff and students of the institute.The 35 students of the outgoing batch were conferred diplomas as the applause got louder with every name announced. Over 80% of them have already started their careers as full-time journalists with leading media brands across the country.The gold medal was awarded to Sumeet Keswani, silver to Jamie Mullick and bronze to Somreet Bhattacharyya.The trophy for best all-rounder went to Divya Soundararajan.\"The experience I had doing the assignments made me feel ready for the industry. It always feels good to get a gold medal to show for one's efforts, but what really matters is where I go from here,\" said Sumeet Keswani, a computer engineer who switched to journalism. He works at The Times of India, Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17724926", "title": "Accused had tea, watched TV after rape", "text": "NEW DELHI: The remaining two accused in Sunday's gang rape were arrested on Friday amid widespread protests demanding quick action against the rapists. Police said the accused, Akshay Kumar Singh and a minor, were arrested after raids by the STF, led by inspector Rajender Singh.Their questioning has revealed how most of the accused had a disturbed past which turned them into remorseless human beings.It has also emerged that the minor, along with Akshay, was an active participant in the crime and that he had played a crucial role in persuading the victims \u00e2\u20ac\u201dthe girl and her friend and before that Ramadhar Singh \u00e2\u20ac\u201d to board the bus. \"We will definitely get the accused psychologically tested at the earliest,\" said an officer.While it has been reported how both Ram Singh and Mukesh, the two brothers accused of committing the gang rape, had driven out their parents from home and that Ram was even known as \"mental'' in their area for losing his temper at the drop of a hat, the minor is stated to have run away from his house five years ago. His father was of unsound mind and his mother had to take care of his six other siblings single-handedly. He stopped his studies after Class IV and had come to Delhi with an uncle. He worked at a dhaba at Trilokpuri, moved to a tea stall and then a pan shop and finally landed the job of a helper at the Anand Vihar ISBT due to his special knack of enticing passengers easily. He used to sleep in buses as he had no place to stay.Akshay, belonging to the Naxal-affected Kandua near Aurangabad in Bihar, had married a woman from Palamau in Jharkhand but his wife had deserted him. She came back to him just 15 days ago. He had been surviving on odd jobs in Rajasthan, Haryana and Delhi. He has worked at brick kilns and liquor vends before landing this job with a travel agency in Noida.DCP (south) Chhaya Sharma said the accused had initially gone to Noida along with the minor and Ram Singh. He then fled to Manesar and finally to Alwar with just Rs 700 in his pocket. He was finally arrested from Bihar where he was hiding.That they had no regrets was evident since the minor prepared tea after he and Akshay cleaned up the bus in Noida. Later, while most of them returned to work the next morning, the two spent the rest of the night watching music channels on television.\"We had no photos of the minor and no one except Ram Singh knew him. The minor had met the four others on December 16 morning and had come to take a payment of Rs 8,000 from Ram Singh with whom he had worked at a Karkardooma travel agency. Ram told us that he had called him up from a PCO four months back demanding his money from the PCO owner. We then verified this number from the call details and reached one Bhatia in Karkardooma who said he had hired the minor on at least three different recommendations, \" said Sharma.We got an earlier employer's number from him and finally came to know that this minor worked on \"dhakkamar\" inter-state route buses from Anand Vihar, servicing cities and towns like Saharanpur, Khurja and Roorkee. We spent two days trying to identify him. We narrowed down our search to 10 such minors whom we interrogated. We picked up two more who had returned from Greater Noida and Gurgaon and we finally got the minor we were looking for. Ram confirmed that it was the same accused. We recovered the mobile phone of Ramdhar from the minor along with the ATM card of the victim,\" said an officer.The police said they looked for Akshay in six states as he had family members and friends there. \"We went to Manesar, Alwar and Sirsa before we found him hiding at the residence of his wife's relative,\" said Sharma.Sources indicated that they are planning to make Vinay, the assistant gym instructor who had shown some remorse, an approver. \"He had been cooperating and we might use him to nail the other accused - mainly Ram, Akshay and the minor,\" said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "17724391", "title": "Protest against Delhi gang-rape incident", "text": "DHANBAD: Dhanbad too is agitated over the recent gang-rape case in New Delhi. For the last two days, various sections of society have been taking out processions and protest marches against the incident, extending moral support to the victim and wishing her speedy recovery.On Saturday, leading citizens of the town, including lawyers, university and college teachers, besides businessmen joined a candle-march near Randhir Verma Circle. They demanded death sentence to the rapists and recalled the brutal violence on a Dhanbad student, Sonali Mukherjee, who was attacked by three youths with acid. Sonali, who received over 90% burns while resisting the eve teasers, is still in poor health. Sonali was a student of a college here.Students of Pataliputra Medical College also took out a rally from City Centre to Randhir Verma Circle seeking security for girls and women and demanding capital punishment to the rapists. Over 300 students of the Institute of Chartered Accountants also joined a candle march in the town expressing their solidarity with the Delhi rape victim and her friend who were severely beaten up by the rapists. They also shouted slogans against the Delhi police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17729492", "title": "Ameer wants death sentence for rapists", "text": "The recent gang rape case in Delhi has sent a fury across the nation. Everyone is up in arms against the ineffective security forces in the national capital. Keeping the fact in mind, film director Ameer has written a letter to the Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu to set an example for such monsters.Ameer expressed his strong opinion in the letter that the perpetrators of rape need to be hanged and that the entire penalty be broadcast by the media as this would send out a strong message to those who commit such atrocities in future.He also pointed out another incident where a 7-year-old girl in Tirunelveli was violated. He asked the CM to take a strong action against the criminal and set an example to the Government of Delhi", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17724913", "title": "CM announces vintage car museum in UP", "text": "LUCKNOW: After announcing a wrestling academy in Uttar Pradesh, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav , while attending a vintage car rally in Saifai, said the government will shortly set up a museum of vintage cars in the state. The chief minister, who was participating in the vintage car rally in the Saifai Mahotsav, expressed his gratitude to participants from Pakistan. Akhilesh, who rode a 1913 Rolls Royce Silver Coast, said such events gave car enthusiasts a unique opportunity to see many rare, vintage cars up close. Also participating in the event, Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav said visa norms for those travelling between India and Pakistan for sporting events or trade purposes should be relaxed. Yadav said such events help increase bonhomie between neighbouring nations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17724464", "title": "GSVM Students cherish their memories in alumni meet", "text": "KANPUR: Students of Ganesh Shanker Vidyarthi Memorial Medical College cherished their memories with old friends and teachers in the alumni meet. Teacher's felicitation and special CME remained the highlights of the event.Almost 200 ex-Ganeshians came to attend the meet with their families. Old and new, students were witnessed sharing their success stories with their batchmates. The doctors also gave lectures on various issues like sleep apnea, cancer treatment, and various surgeries. The felicitation ceremony was inaugurated by present dean of GSVM, Dr Navneet Kumar and silk and textile minister, Shiv Kumar Beria.The old students also decided to give 'Gurudakshina' to their college which will be decided on Sunday. Later in the evening, a cultural event was organized to celebrate 'Gemscon-2012'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17726010", "title": "Defaulters to lose energy meters, service wires", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company ltd (MSEDCL) will remove energy meters and service wires of the consumers who have failed to pay their electricity bills.A statement issued by the distribution company here said that 19% of the state was suffering from load shedding because of defaulters and hence, stringent action was needed against them. The power utility will confiscate the energy meter and service wire from the electricity poles and premises of such consumers and keep them in the section office until the bill is paid.\"Today, 81% of the state is free from load shedding and the distribution company is taking efforts to free the remaining areas from power cuts. More than 45% distribution and commercial losses are reported in the rural areas and more than 42% in the other regions. Though the overall distribution losses in the state are about 15%, there are areas which have more than 45% losses,\" the statement said.Of the 5,000 feeders, 4,000 are free from load shedding. But power cuts have to be imposed on the remaining 1,000 feeders because of defaulters in the respective areas. Of the total number of feeders, 400 have reported more than 70% distribution and commercial losses, 200 have more than 60% losses, over 200 feeders have reported more than 55% losses and the rest have more than 45% losses, the MSEDCL statement said.It further said that the temporary disconnection process used to penalise defaulters had not had the desired result due to the unauthorised use of electricity and illegal methods used by consumers to re-connect their power supply. The company has set up a special team to act against defaulters to improve the payment culture among consumers.The statement said that under the new disconnection process, officials will record the meter reading and then remove the energy meter and service from the pole and the premises. The MSEDCL has also decided to replace all electro-mechanical meters with IR/RF meters at easily accessible locations, at the time of re-connection. Strict and immediate action would be taken against these consumers if any theft or illegal use of electricity is noticed, the statement added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17726012", "title": "32 food inspectors from civic bodies to join FDA", "text": "PUNE: As many as 32 of the 59 food inspectors working with municipal corporations and municipal councils have consented to join the state food and drugs department.The move will add to the current strength of the Food and Drugs Administration (FDA) and is expected to help consolidate efforts to conduct raids and seizures to check adulteration, prevent illegal sale of gutka and grant/renew registration/licences to food business operators on a continuous basis. Staff crunch has been one of the prominent issues plaguing the department for quite some time now.\"Of the 32 food inspectors who have consented to switch over to the FDA, five are from Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation and four from the Pune Municipal Corporation. These officials will be absorbed into the FDA, Pune,\" said Shashikant Kekare, joint commissioner (food), FDA, Pune.Replacing the Prevention of Food Adulteration Act 1954 and other seven rules/orders, the Food Safety and Standards Act, 2006, and Rules and Regulations 2011 came into force across the country from August 5, 2011. In view of the staff crunch vis-a-vis implementation of the new act, the state's urban development department recently extended in-principle sanction to shift food officials with civic bodies who are ready to join the FDA.\"The process to get the 32 officials merged with the respective FDA offices is currently on. Most have started carrying out the responsibilities assigned to them by their department heads from the FDA,\" said Shivaji Desai, assistant commissioner (food), FDA.The 32 officials will be upgraded as grade B officials from their current grade C service rank. \"But like all state officials, they will have to be ready for transfers,\" Kekare said.The FDA Pune currently has 14 food safety officials (FSO) to oversee the food safety and standards related work in the district. The strength now will go up to 23. \"Absorption of nine officials will strengthen our force and help us carry out routine work like taking food samples and carrying out inspections, granting or renewing licences of food business operators and keeping watch on sale of gutka,\" Desai said.The implementation of food safety norms are set to get tougher in the district from this month onwards. A district level advisory committee has been formed under the district collector to assist the FDA officials in effective implementation of the norms.The committee will meet once every month to evaluate glitches and churn out solution to ensure 100% implementation of the food safety norms as envisioned in the act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17726645", "title": "Respect our women at home", "text": "Security, safety, protection and a violence-free city are the needs of the hour. This is a legitimate demand of the women and citizens of Bangalore.Bangaloreans, especially the men, must realize that committing violence against women is a crime and it is a human rights violation. They should understand that it is their duty to respect and protect the rights of women. They must work towards \"peace at home; peace at working place; peace at communities; and violencefree societies\" .Respecting women and girls must begin at home. Parents should create a culture of peace and non-violence at home. Automatically, the boys/sons will start respecting women on the road, at workplaces, in schools and colleges, thus changing the mindset. Men also need to learn to live as law abiding citizens.We all know that justice delayed is justice denied. Quicker registration of cases by police is another must. Police need to be trained to handle gender violence cases with extreme sensitivity . Roundthe-clock control rooms must be put in place for women in distress. The syndrome of \"blaming it on the victim \" must be avoided. The public must rise to the occasion and help women affected by violence.Our society too must be imbued with sensitivity. Prejudices and bias must be removed. We must all ensure that women and men get educated about laws and legislation. Billboards and posters educating the public on women's rights/human rights must be erected. The concept of Bangalore \"Shining\" must include \"safer environment\", \"respect for women\" and their treatment as \"equal citizens\" .The public must realize that rape is not a women's issue alone but much more than that. We should be ashamed that we are betraying our daughters, sisters and mothers. Rape, physical and verbal abuse at home, sexual harassment and molestation in public are all frequent nowadays. There is a complete normalization of violence against women in our society. Our society sanctions and endorses systematic violence against women in the guise of female foeticide, infanticide, dowry, domestic violence and rape among others. Incident after incident is taking place but the victims are yet to get justice.When women raise their voice against violence in public places, public must stand by them instead of looking the other way. They should dial 100 to inform police about any atrocity on women they witness or accompany the victim to nearby hospital. Police patrol should be intensified in the evening and night in crowded places. Helplines dedicated to women must work 24x7. Illuminated roads are a must in cities, towns and villages.(The writer is a Right Livelihood award winner; general secretary, Women's Voice; and president, National Alliance of Women)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "shimoga", "code": "17726192", "title": "PU principal absconding in Shimoga", "text": "SHIMOGA: Vidya Nikethana PU College (Shimoga) principal B Radhakarishna, against whom an FIR has been lodged on a complaint by three girl students for attempted harassment and indecent behavior, is still absconding.His cellphone has been switched off, police said, adding that they could not find him even at his relatives' place. Radhakrishna hails from Andhra Pradesh. The college was closed on Saturday, and the students, who have been agitating for action against the principal, continued their protest on the second day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17724453", "title": "'Lawyers ears, eyes of judges'", "text": "KANPUR: Lawyers are ears, eyes and hands of a judge and without their contribution justice is not possible, Justice V K Dixit of Lucknow bench of Allahabad high court said in a workshop organized by the Income Tax bar Association here on Saturday.Addressing the tax consultants and lawyers, Jjustice Dixit said that bar was judge of judges and this profession helps in delivering social responsibilities.Justice Dixit stated that it was duty of state to collect the funds through taxes from the public for welfare. Quoting a mythological story, he said that Kalidas had tought king Duleep that tax system should be like sun and dew. Sun accepts dew as vapour which returns to earth in the form of rain.Justice Dixit said that issue of black money had agitated the Indian these days. Therefore, measures to control and check the flow of black money was an immediate need and efforts should be made to bring black money and spent it on public welfare.Bharatji Agarwal discussed the provisions of VAT and input tax credit, reverse input tax credit, transfer of property involved in execution of work contract, maintenance of accounts for tax liabilities and tax deduction at source. The speakers in second session discussed the presentation of application under Section 56 and 68 of IT Act before an assessment officer.District judge OP Verma, chief metropolitan magistrate NK Pandey and others were present.Sunil Trivedi, president, Income Tax Bar Association welcomed the guests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17725513", "title": "Left parties, rights activists oppose death penalty for rapists", "text": "NEW DELHI: Capital punishment for rapists by itself is not a deterrent for perpetrators, said Left parties on Saturday when clamour for death penalty grew as protesters thronged the national capital's streets.CPM MP Sitaram Yechury said, \"Death penalty cannot be a deterrent unless swift and sure delivery of justice can be ensured.\" In 2011, no investigation was done in 36.6% of recorded instances of rape.\"Is capital punishment a reasonable solution to the problem? Has capital punishment for murder acted as a deterrent?\" asked CPI MP D Raja. He stressed on police and judicial reforms and sensitizing police personnel.The BJP has demanded a special session of Parliament to amend laws that would provide death penalty for rapists.\"It will offer an escape route for the government. The major demand today is action against policemen who have not done their duty,\" said CPM politburo member Brinda Karat.Yechury spoke to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh demanding fast track special courts to deal with sexual crimes, improved justice delivery system and stringent sexual harassment laws.\"We had moved several amendments to the Sexual Harassment Bill to strengthen the law, but the government has failed to bring the law with these changes,\" said Yechury.The CPM also demanded punishment for those providing political and social protection to the accused. Police officers must be held accountable and punished if found guilty of delay in the filing FIR.Rights activists, too, believed death penalty is not a solution. PUDR spokesperson Harish Dhawan said the clamour for death penalty for rapists shows people's anger against the system where perpetrators can dream of getting away. \"Did hanging of Ranga and Billa lower rape and murder cases?\" asked Dhawan.Abysmally low conviction rate in rape cases is the main concern, said Kavita Krishnan, national secretary of the All India Progressive Women's Association. The conviction rate of rape cases has dropped from 46% in 1971 to 26% in 2012.PUCL national vice-president Dr Binayak Sen said, \"I am a father of two daughters. I'm gravely concerned about the level of public violence against women. But, as a matter of principle PUCL is against capital punishment.\"Instead, it is important to ensure rape cases are expeditiously investigated and prosecuted, said Sen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17725633", "title": "Flamingos add to visitors\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 delight at Okhla sanctuary", "text": "NOIDA: A flock of around nine Flamingos, this season's first batch of the much loved migratory birds, was spotted at Okhla Bird Sanctuary on Friday.According to the range officer of the sanctuary, J M Banerjee, a flock of about 22 greater flamingos, which used to reside at the Okhla sanctuary through the year till a few years ago, had given it a miss the past two years. \"A score of flamingos and about 350 painted storks used to reside in the sanctuary till a few years ago. Suddenly, sometime in 2010, they left the sanctuary. While several flocks of storks have been visiting the sanctuary since then, much to our delight, a small flock of flamingos has paid us a visit this winter,\" Banerjee said.The recent dip in temperature has also helped in attracting other migratory birds like the black headed gulls, grey leg geese, mallards, coots and purple moorhens to the sanctuary. According to the staff at the sanctuary, these birds are likely to stay on till the end of February.While the arrival of migratory birds has pulled in more visitors and bird watchers, the poor infrastructure has served as a dampener.The sanctuary remains plagued with problems, including mismanagement, water pollution, dumping of waste and encroachment.\"The paths made for walking are poorly maintained. The water is extremely dirty and acidic. Birdwatchers are left to fend for themselves with just customary support from the sanctuary staff in guiding them through the area and assisting them to make their experience memorable,\" said Bharat Jain, a regular visitor to the Okhla sanctuary.\"Besides, there is a constant dip in the number of migratory birds visiting the sanctuary each year since major construction work has been taken up around the area in the past few years,\" he said.Last year, the Noida Authority had promised to allocate a sum of Rs 1 crore for upgrade of the sanctuary, including cleaning of the water, reviving the natural trail of birds and introducing public interface programmes to encourage more visitors. However, the work is yet to take off.\"There are two watch towers inside the bird sanctuary for the public. However, we cannot provide binoculars, etc as the sanctuary area is open from all four sides, making it very easy for one to walk away with the sanctuary's goods. Jetties or boats too cannot be arranged for the general public as any movement in the water can disturb the birds,\" said Banerjee.\"The idea of some public interface programmes was floated last year but the authorities are yet to take any steps,\" Banerjee said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "17726760", "title": "Scheme rice leaves bad taste in mouth", "text": "KORAPUT: Inferior quality rice has left a bad taste in the mouth of the beneficiaries of Rs 2-a-kg scheme. The beneficiaries complained that that the rice given to them this month is not suitable for consumption. \"The rice supplied under Rs 2-a-kg scheme is of inferior quality. It is broken and discoloured and doesn't cook well,\" alleged a beneficiary at Jeypore Salman Dalia.The Odisha State Civil Supplies Corporation (OSCSC), after procuring paddy from farmers, supplies it to the mills. The millers, on their part, after converting paddy into rice, provide it to the corporation for distribution under the subsidized scheme. Sources alleged that though the millers receive good quality paddy from the corporation during custom milling they mix it with low quality grains.\"Under custom milling, 25% rice can be expected to be broken. But the rice distributed under the subsidized scheme contains over 50% broken grains. But people rarely complain as it comes for just Rs 2 a kg,\" said CPI state committee member Ram Kurshna Das, who recently lodged a complaint with the administration over the quality of rice.Admitting that the rice supplied in December was of inferior quality, civil supplies officer (Koraput) Pitambar Acharya said, \"As our quota of rice was exhausted we got the rice from neighbouring Malkangiri district for December. When we found that the rice which we received from Malkangiri is of low quality, we informed our higher officials and stopped bringing rice from Malkangiri.\" \"We need around 12 lakh quintals of rice annually for the scheme and from next month we will be lifting rice from the Food Corporation of India's depot,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17727182", "title": "Secret behind bats' long life and resistance to diseases revealed", "text": "WASHINGTON: A team of researchers conducted a wide range of research into bats and bat borne viruses, and their potential effects on the human population as part of the effort to safeguard Australia from exotic and emerging pests and diseases.The paper by researchers at the Australian Animal Health Laboratory (AAHL) in Geelong provides an insight into the evolution of the bat's flight, resistance to viruses, and relatively long life.The Bat Pack, in collaboration with the Beijing Genome Institute, led a team that sequenced the genomes of two bat species - the Black Flying Fox, an Australian mega bat, and the David's Myotis, a Chinese micro bat.Once the genomes were sequenced, they compared them to the genomes of other mammals, including humans, to find where the similarities and differences lay.Chris Cowled, post-doctoral fellow at AAHL says the research may eventually lead to strategies to treat, or even prevent disease in humans.\"A deeper understanding of these evolutionary adaptations in bats may lead to better treatments for human diseases, and may eventually enable us to predict or perhaps even prevent outbreaks of emerging bat viruses,\" Cowled said.\"Bats are a natural reservoir for several lethal viruses, such as Hendra, Ebola and SARS, but they often don't succumb to disease from these viruses. They're also the only mammal that can fly, and they live a long time compared to animals similar in size,\" he said.Flying is a very energy intensive activity that also produces toxic by-products, and bats have developed some novel genes to deal with the toxins. Some of these genes, including P53, are implicated in the development of cancer or the detection and repair of damaged DNA.\"What we found intriguing was that some of these genes also have secondary roles in the immune system,\" Dr Cowled said.\"We're proposing that the evolution of flight led to a sort of spill over effect, influencing not only the immune system, but also things like ageing and cancer,\" he added.The study has been recently published in the journal Science.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "did you know that the great inventor thomas edison (1847-1931) made a film called hindoo fakir in 1902 which is widely regarded as the first movie ever produced by the west about india? the film's protagonist displays a variety of tricks for the camera quite a few of which could be classified as yogic postures. this film will now find a place in one of the most prestigious exhibitions about india that opens in washington dc in october next year, called yoga", "code": "17726618", "title": "Asanas and art in America", "text": "Did you know that the great inventor Thomas Edison (1847-1931) made a film called Hindoo Fakir in 1902 which is widely regarded as the first movie ever produced by the West about India? The film's protagonist displays a variety of tricks for the camera quite a few of which could be classified as yogic postures. This film will now find a place in one of the most prestigious exhibitions about India that opens in Washington DC in October next year, called Yoga: The Art of Transformation.The first major exhibition on the art of yoga and its depiction through various forms of art through centuries, it has been designed to mark 25 years of the Arthur M Sackler Gallery on the National Mall, Washington DC. The National Mall is home to the Smithsonian , the world's largest museum complex where the Arthur M Sackler Gallery complements the older Freer Gallery in serving as Smithsonian's museums of Asian Art.The exhibition will feature more than 100 works on the theme, sourced from 25 museums and private collections in India, the US and Europe, according to Debra Diamond, associate curator, South and South East Asian Art at the Freer Gallery of Art and the Arthur M Sackler Gallery. \"I've been working on it since 2008 and have been joined by many scholars on the project. It brings together works created between 3rd century CE and 20th century CE. Yoga is a household word the world over, but no one has looked at its visual culture holistically before; we think the exhibition will delight and inform broad audiences,\" says Diamond.Besides Edison's film, some other highlights of the exhibition are three monumental stone Yogini goddesses from a 10th century Chola temple and 10 folios from the first illustrated compilation of asanas made for Mughal emperor Akbar in 1602. Besides temple sculptures, illustrated manuscripts and court paintings, the selection will also feature ephemera, books, photographs, missionary postcards, magic posters, medical illustrations, iconographic manuals and early films.Diamond says she got hooked to the subject of yoga while she was researching for her earlier critically acclaimed 2008 exhibition, Garden and Cosmos: The Royal Paintings of Jodhpur. \"I became interested because I had questions about Jodhpur artworks that weren't answered in the available literature. As I looked at more yoga-related objects from other places and periods, I saw that the scholarship on yoga's history and meanings often seemed to contradict the evidence of material culture,\" says Diamond.Garden and Cosmos helped in changing quite a bit the way Indian art was viewed in the US until then and Diamond feels that through exhibitions on Indian art, Freer-Sackler galleries have helped in raising awareness about art from the country. \"Americans are much more sophisticated about India and Indian art today than they were twenty-five years ago.\"Talking about yet another recent exhibition from India, Diamond says, \"This past summer's exhibition, Worlds within Worlds: Imperial Paintings from India and Iran , looked at the relationship between Mughal and Persian paintings; it revealed what the Mughals borrowed from Persia and what was distinctly Indian. Many visitors were particularly interested in these historical inter-connections.\" Besides historical exhibitions, the galleries have also begun showcasing contemporary art from India. Informs Diamond, \"We have presented contemporary artists like Ravinder Reddy, Anish Kapoor and Simryn Gill. Ten years ago, audiences seemed to focus on the national origins of artists - now there is a more profound appreciation of contemporary Indian and Indian-origin artists as participants in a global conversation.\"The Sackler gallery, set up by American physician, medical publisher and philanthropist Arthur M Sackler with a donation of 1000 works of Asian art, had opened weeks after the patron had passed away in May 1987. To mark its silver jubilee this year, the gallery was gifted $5 million by the founder's widow, Dame Jillian Sackler.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17726436", "title": "Government employees meet to decide on strike", "text": "RAIPUR: Government employees in Chhattisgarh will decide on January 5 whether to go on strike to press their six-point charter of demands, including removal of anomalies in pay-scales and special allowance to employees being posted in Naxalite areas.State employees' association general secretary Virendra Namdev said in a statement that the government employees had been pressing for fulfillment of their demands for long but the government had so far been adopting an ambivalent attitude towards its employees. He said the employees had organised a dharna in the state capital on December 20 and also met senior officials to submit a memorandum in support of the demands.Employees' demands include exempting the daily wage employees, who were appointed prior to 1997 and regularised in service in 2008, from the contributory pension scheme and to fix their seniority on the basis of their previous service period for the purpose of inclusion in pension scheme and pay revision on the basis of D N Tiwari committee recommendations. Besides, the employees are also demanding upward revision of house rent allowance (HRA) in B and C class cities and Rs 500 each every month towards medical, mobile and transportation allowances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17724690", "title": "Indore Municipal Corporation's bid to woo tax-payers", "text": "INDORE: Civic body is always criticised for their 'babu' style of functioning and insensitive approach towards common man. But it seems to be changing at the Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) at least for now. The IMC is planning to win the confidence of regular tax-payers with a personal touch when it comes to responsibilities.The corporation has come up with a unique initiative to deliver personalised letters to 63,000 tax-payers to save them from penalty and inconvenience. If all of them pay their tax on time, the IMC will earn Rs 31 crore in revenue.The IMC is sending this personliased letter to its regular tax-payers, who have not paid their tax yet this year, to remind them of the last date and save them from paying penalty.Additional municipal commissioner, Manoj Pusp said, \"We will deliver a personalised letter to our honest and regular tax-payers through assistant revenue officer (ARO) to remind them of the last date. We have prepared a list of people who have been paying their tax on time for the past few years, but haven't done so this year till date for some reason. We believe that they might have forgotten to pay their tax, so we have decided to remind them and save them from paying surcharge.\"Pusp said a list of 63,000 tax-payers have been prepared and has been sent to all the zonal offices from where the ARO will deliver them personally.In the letter written to tax-payers, the civic body has appreciated the regular tax-payers for timely payment of tax for last few years.They have put a reminder note on how December 31 is the last date for payment of tax in this financial year along with a rider that if delayed then they will have to pay a surcharge of 15%.Secretary of IMC Abhay Rajangawkar said, \"We want to give special and personalized service to regular tax-payers to make them feel special. It will encourage others also to become regular tax payers.\"He added that the number of tax payers are increasing every year and that the department wants to establish a positive relation and appreciate their contribution for the development of city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "17726826", "title": "Justice Gopalagowda to be apex court judge", "text": "CUTTACK: Chief Justice of Orissa High Court V Gopalagowda has been elevated to a Judge of the Supreme Court. The registrar of the Orissa High Court has received a notification from Union law ministry in this regard on Friday evening.The notification further said after Justice Gopalagowda assumes charge in the apex court, the senior-most Judge of Orissa High Court Justice Pradip Kumar Mohanty will officiate as acting Chief Justice of the high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "ulhasnagar", "code": "17725873", "title": "Duo attacks man over his wife's police complaint", "text": "ULHASNAGAR: Two men who were accused of sexually harassing an Ulhasnagar housewife attacked her husband with a blade.The victim was harassed by two of her neighbours - Jay and Dinesh Sharma who are brothers- on Thursday evening. She and her husband approached the Ulhasnagar police. The police registered a non-cognizable complaint; they did not launch an investigation.On Thursday evening, the accused learnt about the police complaint and asked the victim's husband to meet them saying that they wanted to tender an apology to him. When he visited their residence in Ulhasnagar's Number 3 locality, though, they assaulted him and slashed his face with a blade.His face was so badly damaged, it needed 25 stitches.After the attack, the couple revisited the police station. This time, the police registered an FIR under sections 324 (voluntarily causing hurt by dangerous weapons or means), 504 (intentional insult with intent to provoke breach of peace) and 34 (common intention) of the Indian Penal Code. The police arrested the accused from their residence late in the evening and produced them before the local court.The couple themselves went to the court. The judge saw the seriously injured victim and criticized the police and ordered them to add one more section - 326 (voluntarily causing grievous hurt by dangerous weapons or means) in the case.The brothers have been remanded in police custody for two days.Times ViewSecure Public spaces for citizensThe disregard for the set of central recommendations is symptomatic of the establishment's lack of concern for issues that matter most to citizens. No one expects cops to provide round-the-clock security to every citizen. But some simple steps, like bolstering the presence of cops on the streets and sensitising them to citizens' needs, can go a long way in tackling the general lawlessness that is so visible now. It's the total lack of interest in helping citizens, evident at police stations (as in the Kalyan case), that is galling. Cops must remember they are not doing anyone any favour when they are going after criminals; it's part of their job, it's something for which they get paid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17728020", "title": "Dense fog in Delhi, minimum temperature at season's lowest", "text": "NEW DELHI: Dense fog descended on the national capital this morning almost blinding commuters on streets as the temperature dipped to the season's lowest.Vehicles had their fog lights on as visibility dropped to near zero levels.The minimum temperature was recorded at 5.9 degree Celsius, two degrees below normal and down from yesterday's 6.2 degrees. The city has been witnessing comparatively warmer days in the past couple of days.At the airport, around 20 flights were delayed while two cancelled as the fog enveloped the airport suddenly around 7am, airport sources said adding the operations were suspended for over an hour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17724779", "title": "Save govt schools: Medha Patkar", "text": "HYDERABAD: Social activist Medha Patkar on Saturday lent her support to civil society members struggling to save government schools in Chaderghat from being demolished to make way for the Hyderabad Metro Rail project. On Saturday morning, Patkar visited the schools facing demolition - Government City Model Primary School, Government City Model High School, Government Girls Primary School, Kattelaguda, and Government Girls High School, Chaderghat (old) - and interacted with the students. While assessing the situation, she termed the demolition move as 'government gunda gardi'.\"It is shocking that the administration in Hyderabad has grown hawkish in the name of building urban infrastructure that it has to erase even government school buildings for the metro rail. On the one hand, the government is struggling to improve children's education through schemes such as Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan, and on the other, it is demolishing school buildings even without making alternative arrangements,\" Medha said.She said she was with the civil society members fighting to save government schools, and warned that she would lead an agitation in Hyderabad on the lines of the ongoing struggle against displacement of slums in Mumbai for the metro rail project there. With the parents of the schoolchildren protesting the government's decision and the State Human Rights Commission issuing notice to the district collector (DC) of Hyderabad based on a petition filed by Human Rights Forum (HRF), the government agreed to give time to the schools till April next year so that the current academic year is not disturbed. \"They expect us to find rental accommodation. How can we find such a building that can accommodate some 800 students with all the facilities for teaching needs? If someone in the government don't apply mind, I think there is no way can save these schools,\" said Radhakrishna, headmaster of Government City Model High School.There is vacant land near the schools that was originally earmarked for the new building for these schools. But the government has handed over even that piece of land to the metro rail project leaving the school authorities left with no choice but to look for the rental accommodation. Now, with Medha Patkar coming to their help, the civil society members are charting out fresh plans to launch an agitation. S Jeevan Kumar, president of HRF, said the agitation would be intensified in the coming days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17725922", "title": "Fond of rich food? Protect your stomach", "text": "LUDHIANA: City residents' famed love for oily and fried food is costing them dear, with many suffering from Acid Peptic Disorder (APD). Acid Peptic disorder or Peptic Ulcer disease is a disease of the stomach, which causes burning of food pipe and epigastria pain or pain in the stomach, resulting in burning sensation in the chest region.Dr Anish Chopra, assistant professor of gastroenterology at Christian Medical College and Hospital (CMCH), said, \"If I get 70 patients a day, 30 suffer from acid peptic disorder or peptic ulcer disease. While it strikes people in all age groups, most of the patients are in their 50s. Women are more prone to the disease than men because of high stress levels. Causes for the diseases vary from spicy and oily food, H Pylori infection common in the low income strata, stress, medicines like aspirin or related medicines, obesity and sedentary lifestyle\".According to experts, the most common symptom of APD is pain in the chest area. \"Besides pain in the chest, burning of food pipe is another symptom. Less common symptoms of APD are vomiting after meals, vomiting blood and black stools\", said Dr Harmeet Singh Saluja, a gastroenteorologist at a private hospital at Sherpur Chowk.\"We are getting 30 to 40% patients of APD, which is a high number. However, what is even more serious is the fact that the number has increased by 20 to 25% due to bad eating habits and stressed life. We are even seeing six to seven year old patients of APD and this is due to junk food and obesity,\" he warned.On treatment, Dr Rajoo Singh Chhina, professor of gastroenterology at Dayanand Medical College and Hospital (DMCH), said, \"The best treatment of APD is to avoid spicy and oily food, tea, coffee, cold drinks, junk food, alcohol, tobacco, cigarettes and medicines like aspirin or related medicines. Pain killers should be avoided. If it is necessary to have a pain killer, it should be Paracetamol, that too during meals\". Use of acid suppression medicine, lifestyle modification, active life and meditation help, he said.Healthy lifestyle changesAvoid spicy and fatty diet and have high fibre dietReduce weight with regular exercise, eat healthy and live a stress free lifeAvoid tea, coffee, junk food, cold drinks, alcohol, tobacco, cigarettesEradication of H Pylori for people having this infectionAvoid having pain killers or take paracetamol if it is necessaryUse Acid Suppression Medicine or antacids", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17729489", "title": "Saina shines bright for Indian badminton once again", "text": "NEW DELHI: Saina Nehwal's hard work over the years was rewarded by a perfectly-timed stroke of luck as she clinched a historic bronze medal in the London Olympics to cover new ground for Indian badminton in a mostly successful year.After a rather subdued performance last year, Saina turned 2012 into a milestone year for Indian badminton when she fetched the country's first Olympic medal at the London Games, winning the bronze in August.In the Olympic year, Saina won two Grand Prix Gold titles -- Swiss Open and Thailand Open -- besides winning the Indonesia Super Series and Denmark Super Series. She also reached the finals of the French Open.Besides Saina, the other shuttlers such as Parupalli Kashyap , Jwala Gutta , Ashwini Ponnappa and V Diju also made it a watershed year for Indian badminton when they qualified to compete in the Olympics -- a first for the country.Kashyap was another bright spot for India as he became the first Indian male shuttler to reach the quarterfinals of an Olympic event since badminton made its entry into the quadrennial event in 1992.Star doubles player, Jwala, also continued her good run and shepherded India to make an entry into Olympics when she along with her women's and mixed doubles partners, Ashwini and Diju respectively, qualified for the Games.But none of the doubles pair could reach the knockout stage in the Olympics.aina, as usual, was the brightest name in Indian badminton as she geared up for the Olympics with some stupendous performances early in the year.She first defended her Swiss Open title by defeating then World No. 2 Wang Shixian of China, a day after she turned 22.With the Olympics approaching, the Hyderabadi stepped up her performance and clinched the Thailand Open by defeating local talent Ratchanok in June.A week later, she annexed her third Indonesia Super Series title when she beat Li Xuerui of China.With Saina in red hot form, the expectations skyrocketed and she didn't disappoint as she continued her rampaging run and won a bronze in the London Games after her rival, China's Wang Xin , retired from the match after an injury.After a break, Saina won another title when she clinched the Denmark Open Super Series Premier crown in October after defeating Wang Yihan in the semifinal and Germany's Juliane Schenk in the final.Yihan ended retired hurt in this match after losing the first game and trailing in the second. Saina's performance soon saw her regain the third spot in world ranking.But a knee injury suffered in Indonesia, spoilt Saina's performance in the second half of the year as she lost to Japan's Minatsu Mitani in the summit clash to see the French Open title slip away.Saina then exited early from the Hong Kong Super Series, a title she had clinched in 2010.The 22-year-old Indian also bowed out of the BWF Super Series Final after suffering losses to Thailand's Denmark's Tine Baun, Ratchanok Intanon of Thailand and world number one Li Xuerui of China.The year became more turbulent for Saina when she controversially exited from the first round of the Syed Modi India Grand Prix in Lucknow last week after being two-match points ahead, citing a knee problem.Among the young guns, P V Sindhu was the most promising rising star for India as her performance in the international circuit saw her break into the top 20 in September.Sindhu clinched the prestigious Badminton Asia Youth Under-19 title in July to make heads turn but her biggest victory came in September when she stunned the newly crowned Olympic champion Li Xuerui in the China Masters and reached the semifinals of the tournament.The lanky shuttler also reached the semis of the Malaysia Open Grand Prix Gold.But a knee problem, which she sustained in China, saw her lose to Sayali Gokhale in the final of the Senior National championship in Srinagar and after that she skipped the World Junior Badminton Championship in October.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17726833", "title": "Regional transport office agent-cum-financier booked for fraud", "text": "NAGPUR: Sitabuldi police on Friday registered an offence of cheating and forgery against an agent and owner of a finance company.The fraud, committed four years ago, came to the fore in October after the complainant learnt that the accused had forged his signature to make fake documents in the regional transport authority office and also to get a loan.Complainant Pyare Khan, a transporter, had sold his auto-rickshaw in 2008 to Rashid Khan. He had accepted the amount for the vehicle but allowed Rashid to take the permit free of charge despite the tradition of it being sold at a high price. Rashid had approached Pyare along with an RTO agent and owner of a finance company Pappu Mishra.It is learnt that RTO had, in the meantime, stopped transferring permits of auto-rickshaws. The practice resumed earlier this year. Pyare too had gone to the RTO wanting to permanently transfer the permit in the name of Rashid.\"I was left stunned after Rashid informed that Mishra had taken around Rs 80,000 for transferring the permit. It was shocking as I had gifted the permit being the owner and there was no reason for Mishra to accept money to transfer it. Moreover, there was several other documents on which Mishra had signed on my behalf,\" said an exasperated Pyare.It was more shocking for Pyare learning that Mishra has also financed vehicles using his signatures. \"I was in the process of taking a loan for my working capital from another bank. The bank informed me that there was already existing loans taken by me which was shocking,\" he said.Pyare said that there is an existing nexus between such agents and officials of the RTO which is victimizing a section of the financially weak vehicle owners.Pyare had approached Sitabuldi police with his complaint where the cops charged Mishra with cheating and forgery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "humiliation for the sake of entertainment is de rigueur in today's world. but when the consequences are severe \u00e2\u20ac\u201d even fatal \u00e2\u20ac\u201d it's time to ask whether the current culture of casual cruelty has gone too far. purvaja sawant explores... it was meant to be a prank to get a few silly laughs. it went horribly wrong. the case of jacintha saldanha, 46, the nurse at king edward vii hospital, uk \u00e2\u20ac\u201d who hanged herself with a scarf in the wardrobe of her quarters on december 7, ridden with guilt and shame \u00e2\u20ac\u201d brings to focus an ethical question and a fiercely-debatable topic of our times", "code": "17729779", "title": "When humour kills", "text": "Humiliation for the sake of entertainment is de rigueur in today's world. But when the consequences are severe \u00e2\u20ac\u201d even fatal \u00e2\u20ac\u201d it's time to ask whether the current culture of casual cruelty has gone too far. Purvaja Sawant explores... IT was meant to be a prank to get a few silly laughs. It went horribly wrong. The case of Jacintha Saldanha, 46, the nurse at King Edward VII hospital, UK \u00e2\u20ac\u201d who hanged herself with a scarf in the wardrobe of her quarters on December 7, ridden with guilt and shame \u00e2\u20ac\u201d brings to focus an ethical question and a fiercely-debatable topic of our times: are we taking too many liberties with people's feelings in the name of entertainment? Saldanha was guilty of an error of judgment. She, unsuspectingly, gave out medical details of Prince William's pregnant wife Kate Middleton , after receiving a hoax radio call from two Australian RJs, Mel Greig and Michael Christian, who impersonated Queen Elizabeth and Prince Charles, respectively, to get information and share a few laughs. They boasted about their \"achievements\" on the radio, and garnered the world's attention. Saldanha, who was a righteous person, could not handle being the centre of the joke that made the world laugh at her mistake. She couldn't bear the fact that she let the hospital down. The mother of two killed herself just three days after the hoax call story was made public. The media blitzkrieg and the public outcry since has forced the two RJs to apologise publicly; but what can explain their cruel intentions to share a good laugh over someone's mistake, and then brag about it without thinking of the consequences? Culture of cruelty Sociologist Nandini Sardesai says Saldanha's case is a sad reflection of the times we live in. \"We can't condone the fact that a joke or prank can cause someone else harm; after all, some people are more sensitive than the others. Most of the time, we realise the repercussions of our seemingly innocent actions too late. By then, the damage is done.\" According to her, this is happening more in today's world because people have become \"desensitised\". She adds, \"The depth of feeling is lost. We are sceptical, callous, and don't take anything on face value. In sociology, we call it a 'blase outlook', where people have an 'I-don't-care-aboutanybody-else-but-myself' attitude. Inflicting pain on others seems to be acceptable social \u00e2\u20ac\u201d even funny \u00e2\u20ac\u201d behaviour. Director Mahesh Bhatt feels this callousness is the result of a world where empathy is fast dissipating. \"We have become extremely self-centred as human beings. It's all about me. There is no room for anyone else's feelings because we are too full of ourselves.\" Adman and columnist Suhel Seth says, \"We are living in a soulless society where people aren't generous with either their time or their kindness. We are becoming less and less compassionate as human beings. In fact, we are so cynical and voyeuristic that we are insensitive to the point of inflicting cruelty on others. We love to see other people helpless and being humiliated.\" German philosopher Friedrich Nietzsche had once said, \"Humour is just schadenfreude (pleasure derived from the misfortunes of others) with a clear conscience.\" But there have been too many instances of casual, tacky cruelty for the conscience to be clear. Schadenfreude has become the driving emotion of our society. Popular culture \u00e2\u20ac\u201d be it reality TV shows where contestants are humiliated, radio pranks on unsuspecting people, or verbal outbursts on the social media \u00e2\u20ac\u201d reflects our brutal nature too well. \"Technology may have helped people connect, but most of it is used for sadistic pleasure by people. You have to see the vortex of verbal violence on Twitter if you write something contrary to someone else's views or beliefs. It's scary,\" explains Bhatt. Sardesai, however, feels the problem lies within. After all, popular culture only reflects its current society. \"Even in their personal relationships, most people have become calculative and manipulative. Their actions are a result of their bitter personal experiences, and most often, these actions are negative. So if there is a person, who shows even a little compassion, he is instantly mocked at.\" Life is a series of combat Clinical psychologist Varkha Chulani believes we are living in one of the loneliest times, where we unleash violence onto one another simply because it makes us feel on top of the world, \"We have warped ideologies of happiness and success. Too much competition has driven us to a point of combativeness. It's all about survival of the fittest, the strongest. And how do you feel strong? By virtue of bullying and making another person feel small. By having a good laugh at them,\" she says. Social commentator Santosh Desai agrees with the viewpoint. He says, \"People derive sadistic pleasure when they see someone being made into a public spectacle because it's a form of validation for them. It reassures them in some way that they are better than the person being humiliated, that they are superior than the victim of the joke. Think of it... we laugh even when someone slips on a banana peel and gets hurt. The tendency is present even on the simplest of levels.\" Is it any surprise then that in a culture of cutthroat competition, the biggest casualty is empathy, and the biggest laugh is out of someone else's misfortune? \"Instant comments on social networking platforms have a huge negative impact on youngsters. It is an alarming trend. The social networking platforms lead them to believe they aren't answerable to anyone. Because of this, today's youth has become irreverent.\" \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Kirron Kher, actor \"As a comedian, I believe if you are playing a prank on someone, you should reveal it in the end. If you're taking potshots at someone, you must first have the ability to laugh at yourself. And never make fun of people who can't fight back, like young children or ill people.\" \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Vir Das , comedian", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17726962", "title": "Bamboo sale has boosted income: Patil", "text": "NAGPUR: Maharashtra home minister RR Patil said after the government did away with the colonial law prohibiting villagers from selling bamboo, starting with Mehdha Lekha village in the Naxal-affected Gadchiroli district, it has earned an yearly income of 1 crore for this hamlet having a population of 1200. This led to a payout of 5,000 to each family, he stated.The British-time provisions of the Forest Act had banned locals from selling bamboo, classified as a forest produce, with only the government having a right over its exploitation.Patil, who was interacting with local businessmen at the Vidarbha Industries Association, said orders have been issued to allow 100 other villages in this district to commercially exploit bamboo in their areas. He said permits need to be given in phased manner as the gram sabha (village councils) will have to be first strengthened and also trained to handle the affairs. \"Otherwise, it can lead to reckless cutting of the plant,\" he stated.Talking to VIA members regarding the district's industrial growth, he said a package offering more sops than that in Chhattisgarh and Jharkand, which have a larger Naxal presence, is being considered for Gadchiroli. However, he also said just as the Naxals are demanding even the government is of the view that the iron ore mined in the Surjagargh area of that district should be processed locally. The VIA members responded that the sops would certainly attract processing industries too.Responding to a TOI question over businessmen sitting over huge tracts of industrial land allotted for just a rupee by the government, Patil said that steps will be taken to wrest it back from them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17726147", "title": "Anger over Delhi rape spreads to Goa", "text": "PANAJI: Mounting anger against the perpetrators and cries for justice for the victim in the Delhi gang rape, have reached Goa with several women's organizations meeting on Friday and deliberating over the issue. They unanimously agreed that the brutal Delhi gang rape is an eye-opener, and that it was time to collectively fight to curb crime against women.Corporation of the City of Panaji (CCP) mayor Vaidehi Naik, who attended the meeting, said that the most important thing women's organizations should do is to take steps to ensure that there is prompt action in the case and that strict measures are put in place so that such incidents are not repeated in the future. \"All women should collectively protest to convey the message that such heinous crimes against women will not be tolerated,\" Naik added.Sabina Matins of NGO Bailancho Saad said that the Delhi incident is symbolic, and that everyone needs to protest to \"show solidarity with the Delhi agitators\".Stating that women's organizations grapple with rape incidents on a regular basis in Goa, Martins added, \"What's most frustrating is the apathy of the police in registering complaints. I can name at least two recent cases wherein police have shown reluctance to register complaints,\" said Martins, adding that it is a \"traumatic experience for the victim's family when police are uncooperative and refuse to register complaints on the flimsiest of grounds. Former chairperson of the Goa state commission for women Pramod Salgaocar felt that there should be no delays in trials of rape cases, while principal of Dhempe College Radhika Nayak called for a sensitization programme for boys.Ezilda Sapeco, chairperson of the Goa state commission for women, who also attended Friday's meeting, said the Delhi incident is an \"eye-opener\" and it's high time everyone comes together to ensure justice to the Delhi rape victim.Indicating that a poor rate of conviction is one of the reasons for the increasing rate of crime against women, she added, \"The rate of conviction vis-a-vis crime against women is very poor. All women's organizations should join hands to see that the government acts.\"She also recommended that agitations should continue till the guilty are convicted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17725484", "title": "Inspired by Totto-Chan, school on rail cars planned", "text": "COIMBATORE: The world came to know of the unique school founded by Sosaku Kobayashi in Tokyo much after it was destroyed in World War II bombings when an old student and a popular television personality, Tetsuko Kuroyanagi, published a highly acclaimed book Totto-Chan: The Little Girl at the Window. Totto-Chan, which showcases the unique method that Kuroyanagi followed to impart knowledge to children, has since become a cult book among educationists on the look out for alternatives to educate children other than force them through rote learning. A firm believer in freedom of expression and activity, Kobayashi ran the school by converting old rail road cars as class rooms.Now, a Coimbatore-based corporate trainer-turned-educationist, Sandhya Vikram, is all set to start a replica of the school close to the city. \"It would be like the same school where Totto-Chan learned many things by sitting close to the wind. Teachers are getting trained in Kobayashi style and the classes would be conducted in the same way helping kids to use their creativity to the maximum. After all, the school will have the same ambience and the outlook of the Japanese school,'' says Sandhya, who started the city's first kindergarten with Waldorf education some years ago.\"The school will have real railroad cars as class rooms. We are purchasing rail road cars from Indian Railways and they will soon arrive at our campus. Like in Totto-Chan's school, we will set up both class rooms and libraries in them,'' she said. The school will also have underground class rooms apart from plenty of play spaces, open spaces and waterways.Bangalore-based award-winning architect Chitra Viswanathan is recreating the Totto-Chan school. She has designed creative spaces for many institutions of learning including Ramana Maharishi Blind School. \"The only difference for this school is that students would get either ICSE or IGCSE certificate at the end of they course. Everything else would be in the same Tokyo school way,'' claims Sandhya.According to her, the school is being built amidst an organic farm where children will have land to work on as part of their curriculum. \"An artisan's village with potter's wheel, a carpentry studio and a handwork studio will provide inspiration and will help build skills in children. The classrooms, play spaces, library, resource rooms, amphitheatre are all innovatively designed so that children find it inviting. The rail road car adds to the magic of the space,'' she says. According to her, it would be an inclusive school with space for differently-abled and economically-weak along with children from higher income families. \"It would be a different school with a different approach to learning,'' she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17725872", "title": "Shopping complex at Paithan Gate fails to take off", "text": "AURANGABAD: Lack of facilities, poor planning and ignorance on the part of Aurangabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) has jeopardised the business prospects at civic body's shopping complex at Paithan Gate. Barring few front line shopkeepers in the complex, most the other blocks are being used as godowns or laying vacant. Out of the total 55 blocks in the complex, eight to ten blocks have no takers while 10 to 12 shops in the inside lane are used as godowns.When the complex was built in 1998, it was anticipated that it would emerge as a big shopping destinations in the city as it was located in main marketing area - Paithan Gate. But right from the day one, it received poor response from people. Even today the trend continues and it hardly sees satisfactory number of footfalls. This has demoralised the traders' who had started their ventures in the complex.The quantum of business for the shopkeepers is not exciting for those who are trading in the complex. Secretary of AMC Complex Vyapari Union Sohel Ahmed said poor design of the complex was mainly responsible for the flop show. \"While making the plan, the designers did not consider all the parameters essential for a shopping complex. The toilets were built in front of shops. There are no proper entry and exit points. Apart from this, the inner shops are not exposed to natural light and hence we have to switch on light even in day time. The ventilation is also so poor that one feels breathless if he spends more time in the shops on the back side of the complex. The shops are built on two floors in L shape arrangement and hence the 70% of the shops do not have 'road facing' view,\" he said.\"This has forced many occupants to quit the place while others chose to convert the shops into godowns. Moreover, some shops have so small area that no trading activity is possible in it and hence no one is interested in them,\" he said.The corporation was charging Rs 5 per square meter per month as maintenance charge from the occupants but not enough facilities were provided by it, he pointed out. \"In the name of security, the corporation has appointed one watchman who has been given the responsibility to perform the duty round the clock. Besides, no one is bothered to clean the toilets and corridors of the complex. AMC Complex Vyapari Union has now made its own arrangements for keeping the complex neat and clean. The shopkeepers' union is incurring the expenses.The half portion of the hall on the second floor of the complex was recently converted into a school and the traffic police office occupied rest of the space in the hall. Earlier, the hall was used for marriages. However, a group of 7-8 wholesale pharmacy shops are doing good business in the complex.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17725414", "title": "Village in Veerappan country says no to caste in marriages", "text": "COIMBATORE: The only access to Kalithimbam, a village inside the Sathyamangalam Wildlife Sanctuary in western Tamil Nadu, from the nearby Thalavadi town in Erode district is a dirt track that runs through a green patch frequented by elephants and tigers. Few people other than members of the Oorali tribe, who lives here, would risk the walk until a decade ago, since sandalwood smuggler Veerappan lorded over the forest.The trek remains the same though the brigand was shot in 2004. But the social landscape of the village has changed in a radical way since. It's no more Veerappan, but Cupid who lords over the village.Many households in Kalithimbam, which doesn't have electricity or other modern facilities, have daughter-in-laws from other communities other than the Oorali tribe. Many young men from nearly 300 families in the village travel to cities like Coimbatore and Erode for work and fall in love and marry girls who they meet there. The marriages take place at the local temple with the consent of family and village elders.Suicides shock villagers into acceptanceSince January this year, nine love marriages have been solemnized in Kalithimbam. The village also has no opposition to their girls marrying outside the tribe though there has been no such alliance yet. At a time when the rest of Tamil Nadu is witnessing a ganging up of non-dalit groups against inter-caste marriages, Kalithimbam takes pride that it has over 40 daughter-in-laws, born in dalit as well as backward communities.This wasn't so always. The change in mindset came about two years ago after a series of suicides by young men, whose families had opposed their romance with girls outside their tribe. \"The suicides shocked our village. Why should we allow our children to die just because they find life partners outside the community? Now the village is conducting each and every marriage with celebration without considering whether the bride is from the tribe,\" says B Geetha, a woman political activist in the village.All the villagers then took an oath not to oppose \"love marriages\". If the bride's family opposes the romance, village elders take the responsibility to persuade the girl's family and solemnize the marriage in front of the Perumal temple in the village.R Ruseeswaran, vice-president, Thalamalai Panchayat which includes Kalithimbam, puts the transformation in perspective. \"We have to understand the realities around. After completing education, children move out of the village for jobs and the chances of falling in love with those from other communities are very high. In an age in which mobile phones rule the roost, it would be foolish to oppose love marriages,'' he says.Mahalakshmi and Maheswari, two women who came to the village as brides, vouch for the change in the village. Mahalakshmi, from Ghermalam, a village in another part of Dhimbam-Thalavadi hills, had met Marimuthu, a truck driver, at a temple festival. Hailing from different communities, they married last year. \"My family had opposed the alliance but elders from Kalithimbam convinced them. Now, everyone is happy,'' she says. Maheswari romanced Govindasamy for eight years before getting married. \"We promote love and there is no space for hate. Me and my husband are working under the rural employment guarantee scheme and we always help those who are in love and want to get married settle comfortably,'' says Maheswari.PL Sundaram, a CPI MLA who represents Bhavanisagar constituency which includes Kalithimbam, describes the village as one that \"recognises pure love\". \"The village elders tell the boy and girl to wait if any of them is minor. If the love affair involves a student, the elders put the marriage on hold till he or she completes the course,\" he says.Sundaram adds the villagers don't accept dowry. That's quite an achievement for a village, where most of the elders work as farm hands and the youth in cities as drivers and factory workers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17726970", "title": "Cancer treatment: Continuing medical education throws light on robotic surgery", "text": "NAGPUR: The Kokilaben Dhirubhai Ambani Hospital (KDAH), Mumbai organized a continuing medical education ( CME) with the city doctors on Saturday to appraise them of latest developments in the field of treatment in cancer and neurosurgery.Dr TB Yuvaraja, consultant uro-oncologist and robotic surgeon from the hospital said that robotic surgery is the latest surgical technique which is an effective, minimally invasive alternative to both open and laparoscopic surgery. \"But robotic surgery does not mean that robots perform the entire surgery and doctor has no role. Instead doctor performs the operation using the arms of a robot under 12 times magnified image,\" he said. Robotic surgery has greater precision and thus better results. It minimizes pain, risk of infection, blood loss and ensures faster recovery.The hospital has state of art neurosciences department with India's first IMRIS (Intra Operative MRI system) for complicated brain tumour surgeries. Dr Anandh Balasubramaniam, consultant neurosurgeon informed that the doctors here performed surgeries of all types of neurological disorders and diseases like brain tumours, movement disorders, stroke and epilepsy.KDAH also has a comprehensive cancer care centre which offers services from diagnosis, treatment, pain management and palliative care under one roof. \"As a breast cancer surgeon we try to conserve the breast in maximum possible cases. We use reconstructive surgery facility for it,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17726852", "title": "Allahabad University readers to enjoy associate prof post with pay hike", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The long wait has come to an end for 34 teachers of Allahabad University, serving on the post of Readers, as AU authorities have finally issued the much-awaited order granting them designation of Associate Professor along with better pay scale according to the recommendations of the Sixth Pay Commission.University authorities had failed to change the designation held by AU teachers even as instructions for the same had been sent by the UGC after implementation of Sixth Pay Commission report in 2009. The designation of lecturer and reader had not been changed. As per instructions of UGC, the designation of Lecturer has to be changed to Assistant Professor and the Readers would be called as Associate Professor. The UGC had also set various pay bands for the two posts along with set time frame. But though almost three years had passed, the university authorities had failed to change the names of designations. All correspondence with thee teachers carried the old designations names, as also the salary slips.Now these teachers, who were in the pay band 3 and receiving Rs 15,100-37,000 scale and a grade pay of Rs 8,000, will be paid in accordance with the pay band 4. They will hence draw a salary in the scale Rs 37,400-67,000 along with a grade pay of 9,000.It is worth mentioning that the recommendations of the 6th Pay Commission were implemented with effect from December 31, 2008. The University Grants Commission (UGC), under the new system, changed the post of 'Reader' to 'Associate Professor' and granted the new pay scale.These 38 teachers of Allahabad University (AU) who got appointed/promoted to the post after 2008 had not been granted the designation of 'Associate Professor' or the improved pay scale. Now, as part of the last few orders issued by J N Mishra in his capacity as Registrar of AU before he relinquished the post to take over as the new head of the Commerce department , the order benefiting these 38 teachers had been issued by the university administration.As per the order, out of the 38 teachers, Dr Bhumika R Kar of AU's Centre for Behaviour and Cognitive Science (CBCS) will get the benefit with effect from December 4, 2011. A number of teachers including Geography department's Dr AR Siddiqui, Philosophy department's Dr Rishikant Pandey and Dr Gopal Sahoo, English department's Dr Sarvjeet Mukherjee, Dr Indrani Mukherjee and Dr Gunjan Sushil along with Psychology department's Neena Kohali, Dr Ashish Saxena of Sociology department and Dr J P Mishra of Law department will get the benefit with effect from next year only.The remaining 28 teachers of various departments including seven of Hindi, one of Medieval and Modern History, two of Education, one of Law, two of Botany,one of Chemistry, four of Electronics and Communication, two of Physics, one each of Mathematics, K Banerjee Centre of Atmospheric and Ocean Studies, CBCS, Centre for Food Technology, Physical Education Arabic and Persian, Biotechnology and Centre for Material Science will get benefits from this year. In all, teachers from 21 different departments and centres of AU have finally been benefited from the university administration's move.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17729262", "title": "Harbhajan Singh salutes Sachin Tendulkar's achievement", "text": "NEW DELHI: Indian off-spinner Harbhajan Singh hailed Sachin Tendulkar's remarkable contribution to the game of cricket after the master announced his retirement from the ODIs on Sunday.\"Masters.423 matches, 23 yrs, 18426 runs !!!! These numbers no body else wil be able to come close to.salute salute salute to sachin.\" Tweeted Harbhajan Singh\"Sachin tendulkar a grt batsman.grt human being.a grt frnd.grt man 2 look up 2.proud indian.Real son of india.I salute u nd luv u\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17724313", "title": "'Extradition treaty may not ensure Chetia handover'", "text": "GUWAHATI: India and Bangladesh are scheduled to sign the much-awaited extradition treaty next month in Dhaka.However, Ulfa general secretary Anup Chetia will not be handed over to India until his petition seeking asylum in a third country other than India and Bangladesh is disposed of by the Supreme Court of Bangladesh .Chetia is currently lodged in jail at Rajashahi in \"protective custody\" provided by the court after completing a seven-year jail term there.A source said the extraditable offences include terrorism, murder and other serious crimes, but the treaty will also have a refusal clause, which will allow the host country to refuse extradition of a person if he is considered a threat to the national security of the country.\"Under this clause, if Bangladesh thinks Chetia could be a threat to its national security, it may not hand him over to India at all even after the court denies him asylum,\" the source said.A key representative of the Centre, associated with Ulfa peace talks, said, \"Chetia's extradition is not as simple as it looks. This is a purely legal matter as he has a petition seeking asylum still pending in a Bangladesh court.\"He said, \"The court cannot order asylum for Chetia, but it can issue a notice to the Bangladesh government to reply to his petition. If the Bangladesh government does not grant asylum to Chetia and the court accepts the decision of the Bangladesh government, then getting Chetia back will be easier. But if the court refuses to accept the Bangladesh government's decision, the whole issue may turn into a long legal battle and Chetia will continue living in protective custody in Bangladesh jail.\"\"The Bangladesh government cannot take any unilateral decision on handing over Chetia to India unless the court allows it,\" he added.Chetia was first arrested in 1991 in Assam , but was released to take part in the first peace talks with the Centre and then Prime Minister PV Narasimha Rao. The talks failed. Chetia escaped to Bangladesh, where he was arrested along with two other Ulfa members on December 21, 1997 for illegally carrying foreign currencies and a satellite phone. Initially, he was sentenced to a six-year jail term till August 25, 2004, but his detention was extended by another six months after he failed to pay a fine.The Bangladesh government had earlier rejected Chetia's prayers for political asylum in 1998 while he was still serving his jail term. After a human rights' body challenged the government's decision, a Bangladesh court issued a rule to Bangladesh government in 2003 asking why he should not be given asylum and the rule has not yet been disposed of. The case is pending in the court and Chetia, on court order, was allowed to stay in jail for security reasons till his appeal for political asylum was disposed of.A source said Chetia's extradition can also be possible if he chooses to withdraw his petition and agrees to return to Assam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17724515", "title": "'Maintain quality, quantity of Ganga during Kumbh'", "text": "KANPUR: The state government has directed district magistrate Kanpur nagar to maintain the quantity and quality of the water in river Ganga during the Kumbh Fair -2013. And to maintain the quality, he should use his all designated powers without giving favours to any one.District magistrate, MP Agarwal stated that a meeting with chief secretary was held recently and he had been directed to ensure the free flow of quality water in the river Ganga. He informed that to maintain the purity of water in river Ganga during the Kumbh fair, authorities concerned had been directed to stop the discharge from tanneries three days before each prominent festival. Directions have also been given to run the sewage treatment plant, CCRP and CETP regularly and take action against the operator if he fails to do so.The district magistrate said state had directed him to maintain the status of those tanneries whose power connections had been disconnected till further orders from the Board.He asked the officials of Jal Nigam, Kesco, and pollution control board and department concerned to check the pollution in river Ganga with the assistance of Jajmau Tanneries Association within one week and take stern action against those tanneries that fail to assist in checking the pollution in river Ganga.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17724591", "title": "Delhi gang rape: Protesters refuse to beat retreat at Vijay Chowk", "text": "NEW DELHI: The widespread outrage against the brutal gang rape of Nirbhaya, as TOI has symbolically named the victim, peaked on Saturday with thousands of boys and girls from different colleges and schools turning up at the President's doorstep, on Raisina Hill, early in the morning, setting the stage for a confrontation with the police that lasted through the day.In the absence of a political response, which came only at the fag end of the day, the demonstrators clashed with the police many times, inviting many rounds of tear gas and lathicharge and extensive use of water cannon. By the time darkness descended, the thousands of agitators had been pushed to the India Gate lawns where they regrouped and later dispersed late at night.The police said that 35 protesters were injured in the clashes. A lathicharge was carried out seven times - five times in the morning and twice in the evening. A total of 125 rounds of tear gas were fired. Three water cannons were used at least seven times. In all 38 policemen and 13 CRPF and RAF men received injuries. This includes the additional DCPs (Central) Rajesh Deo and Sanjay Kumar Tyagi (New Delhi), who have been hospitalized. While most of the protesters got injured in the repeated lathicharge, the cops were hurt in brickbatting.In the violence, two DTC buses, all the fancy light fixtures at Vijay Chowk and two motorcycles were damaged. About 1500 policemen from five districts and paramilitary forces, led by special CP (law and order), had been stationed at Raisina Hills. He was being assisted by two joint commissioners and five DCP level officers.\"We have registered a case of rioting and destruction of property at Parliament Street police station. We are studying the media footage in depth and identifying the hooligans. We will arrest them soon,\" said additional DCP ( PRO ) Rajan Bhagat.According to home ministry officials, five policemen have been suspended for dereliction of duty and using excessive force without \"provocation.\" All the suspended cops \u00e2\u20ac\u201d SI Rajeshwar, head constable Inder Pal and constables Jagmal, Pardeep and Chottelal \u00e2\u20ac\u201d are from Connaught Place police station.The police action came after the agitators had in a frenzy started pushing down police barricades and vandalized police vans in order to enter the high-security zone. Rapid Action Force (RAF) was deployed and a large numbers of policemen fielded to control the surging crowds.Every time the police tried to disperse the crowds, they would return in a more aggressive manner. Bleeding protesters were seen being rushed to hospitals. Some broke down with tear gas stinging them in the eye. Angry protesters hurled empty bottles, shoes, bangles, coins and stones at the police in retaliation. They called it a 'revolution,' an expression of an 'overwhelming discontent' against the authorities. \"We are angry. This is a climax of all our pent-up emotions. We will not tolerate such insults,\" said an angry protester.By around 9.30 am, the area around Raisina Hill had got filled in by a young crowd that was shouting slogans and waving banners. When the frantic protesters tried removing the barricades, the huge contingent of police retaliated by directing the water cannon at the crowd. People were seen running away but resumed the protest in a few minutes. Youths climbed on top of police buses, shouted slogans like 'we want justice' and 'Delhi police hai hai' again and again. People raised their hands repeatedly to show the cops the finger.Some tear gas shells fell on people, injuring them badly. That was only the beginning of hours of rioting and protest. \"You cannot call this rioting. Where is the prime minister? Why is he mum? They could have easily responded by now. They are our elected leaders. They are bound to answer,\" said a student, a member of SFI.Significantly, these protesters were not from a single organization and didn't have a leader. They were a motley bunch. The students were during the course of the day joined by angry citizens, activists, professionals, families and NGOs whose demands were not aligned. Some demanded capital punishment for rapists while others called for castration. Many just wanted a speedy resolution of the case. There were human rights activists who cried foul over the people's demand for a death penalty and politicians who made the most of the occasion to make an appearance.\"Do you see only women here? There are more men than women who are absolutely disgusted with this city and our leaders. All we are expecting is a response. Now leaders have to face the music,\" said another student of Delhi University .Some protesters who were at the front, near the barricades, claimed that a team of seven protesters were allowed to go inside Rashtrapati Bhavan but the President's office told them that they were not allowed to meet him without prior appointment. This angered the crowd even more.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17724229", "title": "Protesters demand justice for Delhi gang-rape victim", "text": "SURAT: Several organizations took out a protest rally in the city on Saturday to demand justice for the 23-year-old student who was gang-raped in Delhi a week ago and is in a critical condition.They want a special session of Parliament to be convened to pass a law to provide harsh punishment ranging from castration to death for rapists.The march was organized from SVNIT College to Kargil Chowk. Newly elected MLA Harsh Shanghvi, deputy mayor Varsha Rana and large number of BJP Yuva Morcha, Modi Samarthak Mahila Mandal members along with college girls joined the march. Many advocates, too, joined the protest march.\"We demand harsh punishment for rapists,\" Sanghavi said.A student Mitsu Chavda said, \"Time has come to put a full stop to crime against women.\"Demonstrators formed a human chain at Kargil Chowk to show solidarity with the rape victim and her family.Earlier girl students of DRBM College took out a candlelight rally in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17725794", "title": "9,400 cases disposed of by lok adalat", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A quarterly lok adalat was held at district court complex on Saturday under the leadership of Justice A K Sikri, Chief Justice of Punjab and Haryana high court.In the adalat, 21 benches were constituted, in which cases of different categories like motor accident claims, Hindu marriage act cases, civil cases, civil appeals, compoundable criminal cases, rent cases, bank cases, telephone company cases, revenue cases, labour and consumer cases and traffic challans were taken up for settlement.Besides, many family disputes were amicably settled with the direct intervention of senior law officers. In all, 9,400 cases were disposed of.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17725352", "title": "UGC to pay for education to let sportspersons play", "text": "LUCKNOW: Encouraging sports persons to achieve higher levels of performance, University Grants Commission (UGC) has decided to provide financial assistance to medal winners in national games and participants in recognised international sport events.The scheme launched under the UGC's XII plan aims at assisting financially medal winners and brilliant sports persons who are studying in different universities and colleges pursuing all full-time regular courses, including post graduate diploma and other professional courses.According to the UGC, to bring laurels to the country and for personal professional development in sports, youths have to spend out of limited personal time and resources to excel. The above scheme is launched to ensure that such youths are not deprived of an education and development of their sport.Those eligible to avail the scholarship include medal winners of national games, participants in recognised international sporting events recognized by World University Service, International Olympic Committee and Olympic Committee of Asia (OCA), who have taken admission to different universities and colleges under UGC.As per the central commission, there are two categories under which sportspersons will be given assistance. The first belongs to medal winners at Olympics, World Championship, Common Wealth Asian, Afro-Asian Games, Asian Championship, SAF Games and the second includes winners at national level games. While candidates in the first category will get actual fees when enrolled in undergraduate or post-graduate degree courses, the second category winners will receive 75% of the actual money spent on the course.Similarly, for pursuing MPhil, MBA or other professional courses, the first category winners will be given Rs 7,500 per month in addition to reimbursement of the actual fees. The category two winners will be given Rs 5,000 plus the actual fee amount. UGC will bear fully hostel expenses (including boarding and lodging) of both category winners.Moreover, sportspersons will also be provided financial assistance for buying kits. Allowances for special courses abroad will be given as per the Central government norms.Universities and colleges that wish to promote sportspersons eligible for scholarship will have to submit a progress report regarding sports performance along with utilisation certificate of each student availing the scheme.The UGC has also imposed the condition that students awarded the above scheme will not be debarred from accepting any other scholarships from any source.UGC believes sports are not only institutional competitive activity but also help in grooming youths' behavior and qualities which help them in their social and emotional adjustment with the society at large irrespective of culture, religion or beliefs. It is not only a method of recreational growth and development but also helpful in integration of youth with the country's social order. Hence, the scheme will benefit the youth in development of their education as well as sports.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17726985", "title": "Allow eateries to remain open till 1.30am: Vidarbha Taxpayers Association", "text": "NAGPUR: A delegation of Vidarbha Taxpayers Association (VTA) and Nagpur Residential Hotels Association (NRHA), led by their respective presidents JP Sharma and Prakash Trivedi, called on home minister RR Patil and minister of state for Home Satej Patil and demanded to allow eateries to remain open till 1.30am.JP Sharma said in October 2011 the then commissioner of police Ankush Dhanvijay had directed all establishments to close down completely at 11:30pm to curb crime. Accordingly, police have been asking traders to down their shutters from 11pm onwards, which is causing loss of business, especially to people running eateries and restaurants.Prakash Trivedi said Mumbai and Pune too have a high crime rate, however, eateries there have been granted permission to remain open till 1:30am. \"Why is Nagpur police imposing such a rule in the second capital of the state to bring down the crime rate, which, ironically, has not dropped when compared to last year,\" asked Trivedi.\"Moreover, police only target main streets of the city while bylanes or sensitive areas like Mominpura, Mahal, Bhaldarpura, railway station, etc are untouched. Why this step-motherly treatment to business houses on main roads?\" said VTA secretary Tejinder Singh Renu.Satej Patil told the delegation that he will discuss the issue with commissioner of police KK Pathak.Similarly, a delegation of Vidarbha Economic Development (VED) Council met chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and raised issues pertaining to economic development of Vidarbha.The issues taken up included long-pending demand to establish the Nagpur International Convention and Exhibition Centre (NICE) at Mihan. The CM gave assurance to look into it.VED secretary Rahul Upganlawar said since this centre would be well connected by air, road and rail, it could prove to be central India's alternative to Delhi's Pragati Maidan. \"This centre would be logistically sound. Also, there are many tourist destinations around it along with well-developed infrastructure (accommodation and hospitality). Land use has also been changed which facilitates the setting up of such a centre,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17726831", "title": "Woman dies in mishap near river Kuakhai", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A woman died in an accident near Hi-Tech Medical College junction on the National Highway here on Saturday. She has been identified as Tikina Pradhan (35) of Puri.Tikina was returning home from Cuttack's Narsinghpur and was riding pillion when a truck hit the bike. The motorcycle rider, Kuna, escaped with minor wounds. Sources said the woman was lying on the mishap spot for around half an hour before being taken to the hospital, where she died. Police have arrested truck driver Sanjay Kumar Behera.Irate locals staged an agitation at the spot. They said frequent mishaps take place in the area as bikers slip on the sands accumulated on the road. The sands fall on the road while being transported in trucks from the Kuakhai river bed, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17726845", "title": "Lalita Shastri Arvikar, Shraddha Telang get Maharashtra Sanskrit awards", "text": "NAGPUR: The department of higher and technical has announced the state-level award for persons who have made a valuable contribution to Sanskrit language for the year 2012-13.Eight persons have been conferred the 'Maharashtra Rajya Mahakavi Kalidas Sanskrit Sadhana Puraskar' of which two belong to Nagpur.Lalita Shastri Arvikar has been conferred the Prachin Sanskrit Pandit Puraskar while Shraddha Telang has been selected for Sanskrit Shikshak Puraskar. Arvikar is a resident of Pande Layout, Khamla, while Telang lives in Patrakar Colony, Vasant Nagar.Every year the department confers the Sanskrit Pandit Puraskar on a person belonging to some other state. This year Harekrishna Shatapathi, vice chancellor of Rashtriya Sanskrit Vidyapeeth, Tirupathi, Andhra Pradesh , has been selected for this award.Sanskrit Shikshak Puraskar is conferred on two persons. The second one is Shriniwas Pujari of Nanded. The recipients of the other awards are Vedmoorti - Shantaram Bhanose of Nasik, Sanskrit Pradhyapak Puraskar - Uma Vaidya of Mumbai and Shivdas Jadhav of Satara, Sanskrit Karyakarta Puraskar - Ajit Kulkarni and S B Chandekar both from Pune.These awards will comprise Rs 25,000 cash and a citation. The date of the award ceremony will be decided by Rajesh Tope, minister for higher and technical education.This year the government had decided to make the selection process more transparent. It had floated an advertisement inviting entries for the awards. These advertisements clearly mentioned the parameters to be used for judging the candidates. A committee of judges was constituted and the schedule for evaluation of candidates was made public.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17726069", "title": "Yuletide spirit cuts across religions", "text": "LUDHIANA: With the advent of December, the joy of Christmas celebrations that culminate into the New Year extravaganza takes over the world. The festival that celebrates the birthday of Jesus Christ is, however, not just celebrated by the followers of the Christian faith, but by many others as well.In a time when an alliance of a couple who are both from different faiths is a common practice, the city too, accommodates many such life-partners who are not Christians, but have kept up with the cultural and religious exchange in the family by celebrating festivals like these with aplomb. LTOI finds out if Christmas loses its charm or does it become all the more exciting when one of the partners is not a Christian.Resident Basant Avanue, Agnes Nanda, who is a Christian married to a Sikh Maninder Nanda, said, \"Before marriage I used to participate in carol singing but since my wedding I have not been able to do so. However, the rest of the celebrations are still the same. I go to the church on Christmas Eve every year and attend the prayer service with my husband. We even decorate our home, bake Christmas cake and exchange gifts.\"She added, \"My husband did not know much about Christmas rituals prior to our marriage but now he actively participates in the celebrations.\"Resident of Mohar Singh Nagar, Albert is a Christian married to a Hindu. \"Christmas has always been the same for us. The tradition of celebrating the Feast Day has not changed much over the years, but now with my wife Neelam and baby around Christmas celebrations have become even more meaningful,\" he said. The family makes it a point to attend the Christmas Eve service together.He added, \"For me the celebrations became more delightful with the arrival of a new member in our family three years back. Now every year my daughter is more excited than me to celebrate Christmas - decorate the tree, put up stockings and write a letter to Santa. And this year's Christmas is going to be even more special to us as my wife, who was away to England for studies, is back. We plan to go to Mother Teresa charity home and celebrate it with the inmates there.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17725669", "title": "Exhibitions to enliven Christmas in Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: A series of exhibitions organised in the city will be the special attraction this Christmas in Madurai, where the void of any major entertainment features is felt during every vacation season. Tamil Nadu Chamber of Commerce and Industry, the trade and industrial association in the city, has come out with a Chamber Trade Fair at Krishnankoil Grounds near Aiyar Bungalow that has recreated the erstwhile Egyptian pyramids, sphinx and a desert set-up, for people to relish.The Egyptian odyssey created at a cost of Rs 30 lakh with sand dunes, date trees and camels, attempt to expose the city people to one of the seven wonders of the world. Along with the set up, they have also come out with a 15-minute 3D show on Egypt and its pyramids as an additional feature. The 3D show narrates in Tamil the mystery of the pyramids and the mummification process where researchers are still probing techniques.The chamber decided to host the exhibition in Aiyar Bungalow instead of the regular Tamukkam grounds just to familiarse people with the new venue. \"We are planning to set up our trade centre shortly and the chamber is looking out for land in the city. So we decided to move to a different place this year,\" N Jegatheesan, president of the chamber said. The seven wonders idea they came across in China during a recent visit. \"We are planning to come out with the miniature of the seven wonders in our permanent trade centre along with models of ancient Madurai history. We wanted to set up at least one world wonder this year and the Egyptian Pyramid was an attractive idea,\" said S Rethinavelu, senior president of the chamber.Another attraction this year is the aquarium exhibition near the chamber trade fair at Moondrumavadi CSI Grounds, which the organisers claimed to be the first in the city. Upon entering the tunnel of a shark model, one will come to an amphitheatre with an array of wild animals followed by the huge fish tanks with various types of ornamental fishes. There are 100 types of ornamental fishes including some rare varieties like sting rays, discus, piranha, Aravana and the Vasthu fish.S Venugopal, organiser of the exhibition, said, \"We are bringing another 30 more varieties of fish. The exhibition will be held for 45 days.\"In the same way, 'SVN Munpani Saral', another trade fair, is being held in Tamukkam Grounds with a variety of home appliances stalls as well as an education fair. The fair, which will be held from December 21 to January 2, 2013, will have special attractions like sand sculptures and the Eiffel Tower made of sugarcane. There will be a variety of cultural events including African Acrobatic dance show, the organisers said.As the Christmas vacation started on Saturday, people are looking forward to such events.B Kalavathi from Aiyar Bungalow, who was visiting the chamber trade fair along with her children, said exhibitions are good entertainment avenues for this Christmas vacation. \"Finally, we have some entertainment for this vacation,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "perinthalmanna", "code": "17725156", "title": "Sreesanth back among wickets", "text": "PERINTHALMANNA: Sreesanth is back to doing what he does best - pick up wickets, sledge opponents and engage in theatrics. All of this was on display at the KCA ground on Saturday in Kerala's Ranji Trophy Group C encounter against Jharkhand.Playing his first match at home after being out of the cricket field for long due to a toe injury, the Kerala pacer showed that he had not lost his wicket-taking ability. He may have shortened his run-up but there was no let-up in pace and his ability to move the ball.Sreesanth ended with figures of 4/28 from 10.1 overs as Jharkhand were dismissed for a paltry 120. Had the Kerala fielders made a better effort, Sreesanth could have easily returned with a five-wicket haul. In reply, Kerala were 165/1 at stumps.\"The wicket had a bit of assistance in the morning for bowlers who were willing to bend their backs. My wrist position was also good. I was happy with the way I bowled,\" the seamer told TOI.Given the depleted fast bowling resources at India's disposal, Sreesanth's return can only be good news.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17724339", "title": "Internet bonds car lovers across nations", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Vijay Shah, a city-based stock broker and son of an erstwhile mill owner, decided to restore a 1949 model of Jaguar Mark V, the last of his father's vintage cars. When he stumbled upon the maintenance issues, he wrote a mail to Jaguar, the car makers, to know about spare parts. \"The company had meticulously kept records of all vintage cars and provided us with the information on who imported the car in what year and how many such cars were produced along with the manual that helped us immensely while restoring the car to its former glory,\" said Shah.Rajesh Nath, a city-based automobile engineer having expertise in vintage cars, says that he recently got a spare part from a vintage car dealer in Australia. \"The carburetor was not available in the country but I sourced it. Likewise, if the car owners abroad want a spare part commonly available with us, we help. There are forums where owners provide tips and pose questions on whether a specific part can be replaced with another or can be replaced by modern engineering,\" he said.Talking of Internet, Parthsarthi Medh, a vintage car aficionado, said that a foreign publication had seen a photograph of a Morris Minor car owned by Varun Gajjar in the city. \"They got in touch with me and asked me to find the current owner. I found that it was a custom-made car for the prince of Jodhpur and one of the few such cars in the world with specifications made for a child,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17729072", "title": "Delhi gang rape: Protestors meet Sonia, Rahul", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress president Sonia Gandhi Sunday morning met the students protesting outside her 10, Janpath house demanding justice for the 23-year-old gang-rape victim and death penalty for rapists.This was the second time the United Progressive Alliance (UPA) chairperson met the protesters, some of whom had been camping outside her house in the chilly winter weather. Rahul Gandhi also made a brief appearance.Gandhi came out of her residence past midnight and assured them that \"justice will be delivered\".According to one of the protesters, the Congress president spent about 20 minutes with the group of 40-50 students and assured them that she was \"with them\".She also promised that she would meet them again in the morning. After her assurance, the group then dispersed.On Sunday morning, according to some students, she met a few women protesters and assured them her support. She said the UPA government was \"serious\" about the case.Thousands of people, mostly youngsters, have been protesting in the national capital for the past five days demanding justice for the 23-year-old physiotherapist who was brutally gang-raped by six men and then stripped, robbed and thrown out of the moving bus along with her friend.The woman is battling for life in a Delhi hospital. All the six men have been arrested.On Saturday, thousands of protesters tried to enter Raisina Hill, the seat of power. Police had to resort to baton charge, used tear gas shells and water cannons on protesters to disperse them. But the students refused to budge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17726337", "title": "2012: 12 golden moments in world sports", "text": "Right from a heart-stopping F1 season to the Euros, a roller-coaster Ryder Cup and of course, the Olympics, 2012 kept throwing up the heroes...Usain Bolt wins three Olympic gold medals garnished with world and Olympic recordsAlready a legend, sprinter Usain Bolt reaffirmed his standing as the greatest sprinter of all time in 2012. The towering Jamaican clinched three gold medals at the London Olympics, matching his Beijing tally and rewrote a cache of records. He defended his 100m gold in 9.63secs, an Olympic record, and completed a golden Grand Slam by becoming the first man to defend the 100 and 200m titles in successive Olympic Games. He took the 200m in 19.32s, matching Michael Johnson's mark of 19.32s set in the 1996 Atlanta Olympics. Bolt capped it off by anchoring Jamaica's 4x100m relay team to gold in world record timing. Along with Nesta Carter, Michael Frater and Yohan Blake, Bolt cantered to gold in 36.84 seconds, breaking Jamaica's previous WR (37.04s) set in 2011.Michael Phelps becomes the most decorated Olympian with 22 medalsLanky US swimmer Michael Phelps continued to rule the pool and left an indelible mark on the London Olympics with an unprecedented three-peat of medals. And then walked off into the sunset. The American added four gold and two silver medals to his collection, making him the most 'decorated' athlete in the history of Olympic Games. Calling it quits after London, he ended his Olympic career with an unprecedented 22 medals spread over three editions - Athens (2004), Beijing (2008) and 2012. Eighteen of these medals are made of yellow metal and two each were silver and bronze. The American's feats are so unique that the international swimming federation (Fina) presented Phelps with a Lifetime Achievement Award during the London Games itself.Stylish Spain wins back-to-back European ChampionshipBrazil may have won the new millennium's first World Cup (in Japan-South Korea, 2002), but Spain have dislodged them from the top spot and become the team to watch in world soccer. They won the World Cup in 2010. And this year, Spain became the first nation to win back-to-back European Championships - on either side of their World Cup triumph. Accused of not scoring more goals, their classy 4-0 demolition of Italy in the Euro 2012 final in Kiev was the biggest victory margin in any World Cup or European championship final.Lionel Messi surpasses Gerd Mueller's record 85 goals in a calendar yearFootball may be a team game, but this 'wizard' from Argentina seems to have turned it into an individual sport. The year started off disappointingly when Barcelona failed to defend the Champions League title, but Messi quickly embarked on a goalscoring spree that left German legend Gerd Mueller's 40-year-old record for goals scored in a calendar year (85) in tatters. Messi's 2012 tally currently stands at 90 with one match (at the time of printing) remaining in the year.Sebastian Vettel is F1's youngest triple world championGerman Formula One driver Sebastian Vettel became the youngest triple world champion in the history of the sport when he clinched the title this year in Sao Paulo. Pushed till the end by a doughty and equally-superb Fernando Alonso of Ferrari, the 25-year-old also became only the third driver in history to win three successive titles, equalling the feats of Argentine Juan Manuel Fangio and childhood-idol Michael Schumacher.Brit Wiggins wins the Tour De France and Olympic goldIt was a sterling performance Bradley Wiggins who become the first man to win the Tour de France and Olympic gold in the same year. In July, Wiggins became the first British rider to win the Tour de France. Wiggins took the lead in first mountainous stage and maintained it for the rest of the race. He then topped off his golden summer by storming to gold in the London Olympics time trial.Europe snatches Ryder Cup victory from the USCome-from-behind wins have an appeal of their own, but when it is scripted amidst one of the oldest and strongest rivalries in the world, it's usually an indescribable experience. On the final morning, Europe trailed USA 6-10. Everyone thought it was all over, till Europe won the first five singles. It was neck-and-neck from there till Europe prevailed 14.5-13.5 to script a most remarkable victory. Tiger Woods, the last man out for the home team, could have had the teams finishing 14-14 but he missed a three-foot putt on the final green!Anand wins unprecedented fifth World Chess Title", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17726679", "title": "7-hour trauma for teachers, inspector", "text": "KOLKATA: In yet another siege by unsuccessful students, the headmaster, a district school inspector and around 25 teachers were gheraoed and locked up for about seven hours in a school at Sodepur's Ghola on Saturday.Around 41 students of Class X and Class XII of Ghola High School For Boys who had failed in the test exams gheraoed the teachers since 11.30am, demanding that they all be allowed to sit in the Madhyamik and higher secondary examinations. The guardians of the students also joined the agitation. A police team reached the spot, but failed to assuage the students. The teachers were finally allowed to go home at 6.30pm. But the school authorities refused to be cowed down by the protest till the last moment.\"We should not allow those who got extremely poor marks in at least five subjects. We told them that their answer scripts will be shown to them and a meeting with the school managing committee members will be held on December 28,\" said Pintu Bhattacharya, the headmaster.\"I came to the school only for an exam of Rabindra Mukta Viddyalaya. But I never expected that some students who had failed in the exams will behave this with their teachers,\" school inspector Sukumar Das told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17724511", "title": "Industrial City shivers at 3.5 degrees", "text": "KANPUR: Saturday was the coldest day of this winter season with the minimum temperature going down to 3.5 degree Celsius, four degrees below normal. The maximum temperature too dropped to 14.2 degrees which made denizens shiver even in the afternoon. A thick layer of fog and mist made the visibility quite low. The visibility improved after 10 am.According to the weather experts of Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology, the dip in the minimum temperature on Saturday was not unusual, but the maximum temperature dipping to 14 degrees in the third week of December is a record.CSA meteorologist CB Singh said that the maximum temperature on Saturday was the coldest in last 12 years.Giving details of the temperature variations in past five years, the weather expert informed that the minimum/maximum temperatures on December 22, 2007 were 8.6/22.3 degrees Celsius. In 2008 the temperatures were recorded as 14.5/22 degrees.The temperatures on December 22, 2009 and 2010 were 8.5/21.8 and 6.5/24.4. December 22 was the coldest in terms of minimum temperature last year when the temperature was 2.6/23.4 degrees.Attributing the reason for this sudden change in weather, the experts informed that the wind direction, which has changed from westerly to easterlies, had brought down the mercury. The weatherman predicted further dip in maximum temperature.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17726690", "title": "Bangalore University acting VC's term extended", "text": "BANGALORE: Governor and chancellor of Bangalore University (BU) HR Bhardwaj on Saturday issued a notification extending the term of N Rangaswamy as the acting vice-chancellor of BU until further orders.The notification stated: \"The deanship of Dr N Rangaswamy expired on December 21, 2012. A new VC is not yet appointed to fill up the vacancy caused by the resignation of former VC N Prabhu Dev. Now, therefore, as a governor and chancellor of universities in Karnataka, I hereby direct that Dr N Rangaswamy, acting VC of BU shall continue to act as the VC of the BU until further orders.\"Rangaswamy declined to say anything regarding the governor's move.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17725801", "title": "Visa delays leave Indian students in UK stranded", "text": "LONDON: Several international students including some from India have been stranded in the UK without passports and are unable to get home for Christmas after the UK Border Agency asked them to reapply for their visas.According to a report in The Guardian, London School of Film students from as far afield as the US, India, Russia and Lebanon were asked to hand over their passports to the Border Agency in November so they could be issued with new study permits.This was following the decision to strip London Metropolitan University of its \"higher trusted status\" before the start of the academic year.The Guardian said that London Met, which sponsors the students and issues degrees on behalf of the film school, also has hundreds of international students who are unable to get home due to lengthy delays at the Border Agency, despite being promised a fast-track service.Education vice-president at London Met, Syed Rumman, said he believed around 600-700 Met Uni students were stuck because UKBA still had their passports.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17726685", "title": "CNN-IBN, IBN7 to pay Rs 1 lakh for \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcbiased\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 report", "text": "NEW DELHI: The News Broadcasting Standards Authority (NBSA) has imposed a fine of Rs 1 lakh and asked two TV channels \u00e2\u20ac\u201d CNN-IBN and IBN7 \u00e2\u20ac\u201d to apologize for airing \"biased, tendentious and factually incorrect\" reports on the Haryana government flouting laws to allot land to the Rajiv Gandhi Charitable Trust (RGCT).\"The reportage is an example of sensationalization with the purpose of promoting and improving the image of the channels, which is unethical journalism,\" the order said. The NBSA has asked both channels that carried the story on August 1 and August 5, 2011, to telecast an apology.In a \"censure\" for willful violation of the NBSA code of ethics and broadcasting standards, the broadcaster has also been asked to pay a fine of Rs 1 lakh within a week. NBSA is a redressal authority set up by news broadcasters as a form of industry regulator.The story aired by the Hindi and English channels, belonging to the TV18 Network, had alleged that the trust had acquired 850 acres of land in Haryana and had sought exemptions regarding this. It has also alleged that there were 65 petitions filed by farmers in the Punjab &amp; Haryana high court against the trust.NBSA chairman Justice J S Verma (retired) said in his order that the trust had leased 5 acres and 3 marlas of land from the gram panchayat for 33 years to establish a charitable eye hospital. The order also said that no exemption had been sought by the trust and there was only one petition, not 65, against the trust and it was not about any illegal acquisition of land.The NBSA also found that not enough effort had been made by the channels to include the trust's version of the story. \"The broadcaster committed egregious violation of the NBA Code of Ethics &amp; Broadcasting Standards, especially guidelines relating to accuracy, impartiality, neutrality, requirement of due diligence and verification of facts prior to telecast, as also the need to carry the version of the person affected,\" the order said.It found the reportage smacking of \"clear bias and lack of objectivity\". In this context, the NBSA observed that a broadcast has to be judged on the basis of the overall impression, perception and impact that the viewer gets on plain viewing of the broadcast.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17725900", "title": "One crime, several rules in Tricity", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Thanks to different notifications and procedures of law, Tricity police are following different standards while dealing with crimes against women. While Chandigarh police release people accused of sexual harassment within hours of their arrest, Panchkula police confines the accused in lock up and produces them in the court concerned within 24 hours.In Chandigarh and Mohali, a man accused of threatening a girl besides harassing her would not be released on bail. Different standards are creating confusion. Chandigarh police have often been on the receiving end of allegations levelled by kin of victims. On September 19, a college girl alleged molestation and thrashing by three men. Police released the men hours after their arrest. The complainant's parents dragged the police to court after which the accused were booked under stricter sections.DIG (UT) Alok Kumar said, \"The bailable and non-bailable nature of these particular sections dealing in crime against women in the Tricity is being considered. It all depends on the notifications of different states. Section 506 of the IPC (criminal intimidation) was bailable some years ago in Chandigarh. It was made bailable in Chandigarh two years ago.\"Advocate Sarita Vashisht, who is attached with an NGO for women, said, \"The lenient nature of some of the specific sections related to crime against women encourage miscreants.\" A Haryana police official posted in Panchkula said, \"Although section 294 and 354 of the IPC are bailable in Haryana, we do not accept bail of the accused inside the police station and always produce them in courts within 24 hours of arrest despite having the authority to release them on bail.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17729093", "title": "Celebrate the season in style", "text": "'Tis the season to be jolly, so the ITC Gardenia and ITC Windsor have loads of festive fun lined up for the city's revellers.ITC Windsor The ITC Windsor has a wide array of activities lined up to enjoy Christmas moments, fragrant aromas and seasonal ambience.Christmas Carols: Experience the Yuletide spirit on December 23 and 24 and sing along with our Live Christmas Carols over mulled wine and special Christmas cake. Santa will also make an appearance on Christmas Eve to hand out gifts to children.Windsor CreamsThe Gourmet Shop: All the way from now till January 1, The Christmas Gourmet shop will showcase signatures desserts as conjured by executive chef Rajkamal Chopra and his culinary team. Taste traditional treats like a variety of chocolates, strawberry Yule logs, plum cakes, mince pies, chocolate cookies and more.Christmas Eve Dinner at Raj Pavilion: Ring in the festivities on December 24 with traditional buffet at The Raj Pavilion. A meal per person is priced at 1,950 (plus taxes). The Grand Christmas Brunch: ITC Windsor's Christmas Day Brunch will include the best from Raj Pavilion, Dublin , Dakshin and Royal Afghan, as well as select beverages. The Grand Christmas Brunch is priced at 2,550 per person (plus taxes).Christmas Dinner: Round off Christmas Day with dinner at the ITC Windsor, which will feature all the Christmas staples as well as accordion music. It is priced at 1,950 (plus taxes).Dublin: An assortment of pub grub and festival cocktails specially conjured by our bartender is available.Dakshin, Dum Pukht Jolly Nabobs and Royal Afghan: The hotel's three specialty restaurants offer a choice of the finest fare for the discerning foodie. ITC GARDENIAITC Gardenia is going all out to make your dreams of a White Christmas come true. Here's how:The Cubbon Pavilion: On December 24, the ITC Gardenia will roll out its traditional Christmas eve dinner buffet that is paired with free-flowing beverages \u00e2\u20ac\u201d 2,500 (plus taxes) and 3,500 plus taxes with premium select beverages. Twist, the musical trio, will play popular carols and special requests to lend to the mood. On Christmas Day, Brunch N More will take on a new dimension as a Grand Christmas Champagne Brunch spread across four signature destinations \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Lotus Pavilion, Cubbon Pavilion, Kebabs &amp; Kurries, and the intimate interiors of Edo \u00e2\u20ac\u201d all priced at 2,950 (plus taxes) per guest. Fruits of Passion \u00e2\u20ac\u201d The Gourmet Christmas Cake Shop, is stocked with Christmas goodies, Yuletide bakes, sugar, spice and all things nice.West View: 'The Girls at the Grill' create a bespoke Christmas eve dinner menu. Guests may also opt from the a la carte menu selection The West View celebration dinner is priced at 2,500 (plus taxes) per guest with select festive beverages.Edo: This award winning Japanese restaurant and bar showcases signatures favourites and a al carte specials across the festive season.Kebabs &amp; Kurries: Enjoy a lavish Indian meal at this signature restaurant to soak in the festive season.Highland Nectar \u00e2\u20ac\u201d The Lobby Bar: Celebrate the festivities on a spirited note with a range of top notch beverages and grazing bar eats.To enhance the festive experience at Highland Nectar, Kebabs &amp; Kurries, Edo and West View, reservation of six or more enjoy a bottle of select beverage with compliments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17726316", "title": "Six biogas plants to process Mysore's waste", "text": "MYSORE: The Mysore City Corporation (MCC) is planning to build biogas plants for effective management of solid waste and generation of energy.The six biogas plants will be built at different parts of the city to cut down the pressure on the centralized treatment plant at Sewage Farm in Vidyaranyapuram.The civic body plans to collect dry waste only on Saturdays, while bio-degradable waste will be picked up everyday. While mega projects to harness energy from the bio-degradable waste have had little success at major cities in India, the local body is experimenting with mini biogas plants. Each of the six plants has a capacity of one tonne.The Council on Saturday gave its nod for the setting up of the six biogas plants and estimated the project cost at Rs 1.5 crore. The grants-in-aid that MCC receives under the State Finance Commission is being used to build the plants.The project is part of MCC's ambitious plan to set up zero-waste management plants across nine zones in the city.The plant at Vidyaranyapuram processes 200 tonnes of solid waste, while the city generates about 420 tonnes per day.In addition, Rs 1.5 crore has been set aside for land filling activities at the Sewage Farm and Rs 75 lakh has been allotted for procuring five mini tippers for transportation of animal waste. The council meeting chaired by Mayor Rajeshwari Puttaswamy approved Rs 3 crore as its share for the solid waste management projects sponsored by the Centre under JnNURM.The MCC also set aside Rs 30 lakh to fix problems at its heritage headquarter which is over eight decades old.Absentees to get noticeSome of the officials who gave the Council meeting a miss will get notice seeking an explanation.The corporators took serious objection to the absence of officials at the beginning of the meeting. \"If the officials cannot attend the meeting, there is no need for them to work in the MCC,\" they said,In-charge commissioner C G Betsurmath said he had cancelled leaves of the officials when the emergency meeting of the Council was convened. \"I'd told them to attend the meeting without miss. Still some of them have not turned up. I'll issue notices to them,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17728853", "title": "Tollywood show solidarity over Delhi rape case incident", "text": "The spine chilling rape case of a 23-year old 23-year-old medical student in Delhi has made the headlines nation-wide. The rape incident has triggered an outrage among social activists, politicians and students. Tollywood actors too vented out their feelings of disgust and fury over this incident through Twitter and were seeking justice.They are showing their solidarity to curb the incidents of rape. Apart from expressing their anguish in social networking platforms over the Delhi rape incident, some of them have come out with plans to create awareness on the issue.Jeevitha Rajsekhar and several others have also decided to carry out a public rally at IMAX at 4:pm in Hyderabad in protest against the brutal gang rape of a student in the national capital.Suhasini Mani Ratnam and her NAAM movement team will join the students to flag off a public awareness rally on at about 4.30 pm on Sunday on \"How to Prevent\" such rape incidents in society Actress Trisha was also spreading the message about the rally in her Twitter account \"Guys, police permission for solidarity ride against d gruesome rape in Delhi pls show ur support n cum 2 Gandhi Statue on Sunday 23rd. by 9:45am we ride at 10 am thru RK salai taking right at gemeni flyover on to mount rd til war memorial and bk to gandhi statue . As we all r brothers,husbands, fathers n decent human beings pls come in ur cars bikes cycles...(sic)Meantime, actor and director Ameer has sent a letter to the Chief Minister asking for capital punishment for those indulging in rape crimes.Siddharth wrote \"Good to see people taking to the streets in protest, but protest without well thought out impact on legislation is just a passing cloud. When you go to protest, understand what you hope to achieve and who you aim to address.In a country of a billion people, crowds mean nothing.\" (sic).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17725217", "title": "Protesters in judicial custody", "text": "GURGAON: Nine accused over the agitation and attempt to murder policemen and MCG officials in Sheetla Colony in the 900-metre IAF ammunition depot zone, were on Saturday produced in a city court which sent them in judicial custody. The accused were arrested after high drama in Sheetla Colony on Friday when people torched three vehicles after being enraged over their under-construction houses being demolished by the encroachment wing.An FIR was lodged against more than 100 agitators under the Sections 147, 148, 149, 323, 506, 332, 353, 341, 109, 114 and 307 of IPC on Friday in the Sector 5 police station after the agitation. Police had arrested nine accused, who had built their houses illegally.According to police, the accused were identified as Rakesh, a native of Bihar, Rajesh, a resident of Gurgaon village, Satyendra, a native of Imamganj in Bihar, Vijaypal, Rakesh Kumar and Jaishankar, residents of Sheetla Colony, Sanjeev, a resident of Gurgaon village, Chunmun, a resident of Moradabad in Uttar Pradesh, Vanshraj, a resident of Khajri in Uttar Pradesh.Police have produced all accused in a city court and sent them in 14-day judicial custody. \"We have not detained anyone else in this connection. Our investigation is on and the others accused will be arrested soon,\" said Ashok Bakshi, ACP (Udyog).Two MCG officials and more than four cops received injuries after beaten up severely by people on Friday. The agitating residents halted the traffic on the Sector 5 Road for one hour.The MCG officials and police had come to bring down illegal constructions within 900 metres of the ammunition depot in accordance with the orders of Punjab and Haryana high court and deputy commissioner but were left shocked when hundreds of residents blocked their way refusing to let the JCB approach their houses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17725544", "title": "Gyan Niketan students showcase talent", "text": "PATNA: The students of Gyan Niketan displayed their creative talent at the school's annual exhibition on Saturday. The pride of Bihar was the theme of the exhibition. The students of class X - A, Suraj Rudr, Priyam, Shubham Anurag, Rohit and their friends displayed important monuments of different districts on a large map of Bihar.Among the mathematics projects, Divyanshu presented abacus, Shubham Tiwary presented Napier's bones through which multiplications become easy. Abhinandan, Durgesh and Aditya displayed various mathematical games. Abhishek Pushkar and his friends created Sher Shah Suri's tomb. Shubham Karn presented a replica of Takshashila University while Vivek Kumar and his team recreated Mahabodhi Temple. Among the geography models, Ritik Kumar and Shubham presented the milky way galaxy. Prabhat Raj and Amartya Verma presented vegetation of Bihar and its wild life. Prashant Jha and Ayush Kumar presented the concept of green city. Ayush Kaushik, Ujjawal Anand and their team created infra-red security system as a solution to the security problem.Ankit and his friends created working model of geothermal power plant as a solution to the problem of decaying non-renewable sources of energy. Sumit Kumar, Samir and friends presented biogas plant. Production of electricity by using speed breaker was the innovative project prepared by Rahul and Yash Kumar. Prashant Kumar and Vishal mapped the level of pollution while among the EVS projects, Naveen Kumar and Rajiv Kumar showed the bad effect of nuclear power plant on the curst of earth.Earlier, director, Archaeological Survey of India, Dr S K Manjul inaugurated the exhibition and said such exhibitions provide the students an opportunity to showcase their talent. School administrator Anita Kunal congratulated the students and teachers for the success of the exhibition. Among the distinguished guests present on the occasion were president of MVV Nyas Jiya Lal Arya, retired IAS R K Srivastava, former head of chemistry department, Patna University, K V Srinivasan and former PU VC Dr S N P Sinha.St Xaviers: St Xavier's College of Education, Patna, organized a Christmas gathering on the college campus on Saturday. The programme started with the lighting of traditional lamp by Fr. Joe Maripuram (rector), Fr Tom Perumalil (principal), Fr Ignatius, Dr Madhu, R N Roy Majumdar, Alisha and Ankit. A prayer dance was the major attraction followed by a Hindi carol 'Chup Hai Chanda, Chup hai Tare'. BED trainees presented a skit. The MEd group presented a Hindi song, 'O Gao Rea' followed by Christmas carols in different languages like English, Hindi and Bhojpuri.The programme was an ethnic blend of traditional and modern concepts. In his message to the trainees, Fr Tom Perumalil (principal, SXCE) said, \"Christmas is a festival celebrated by all religions. It has no boundaries. Let us take the message of love, peace and joy to every home.\" Christmas gifts were given to all the staff and students. The college will reopen on January 3, 2013.Tarumitra: Hundreds of students of St Joseph's High School, May Flower, Don Bosco, J N Public School and AN College gathered at the Tarumitra farm to watch the commissioning of their organic ranch. Secretary, urban development department, S Sidharth was the chief guest on the occasion. Putting in hard work for two years, the students cultivated potatoes, rare rice varieties and a variety of vegetables through organic methods. \"We wanted the government to appreciate our hard work\", said Shweta from St Joseph's. \"The organic farm was our cherished dream for two years,\" said Nidhi and Shubhangi from Class IX of Don Bosco, who laboured in the rice field for several days. Trained in Japan in organic farming, Margaret Molomoo coordinated hundreds of students in the first ever cultivation of organic rice in Bihar. Four students of A N College - Ghatta, Neha, Diwakar and Vikash - worked for three months to cultivate the rice.Competition: Dony Polo School, west Bailey Road, organized 'Santa-Claus get-up competition' on the occasion of Christmas on the school premises. Colourful little Santas came on the stage one by one and greeted all with attractive get-ups. Santas distributed gifts among the children. Jingling carols created joyful atmosphere and Donypollions were thrilled and danced along with Santas and had scintillating effect. Santas exchanged greetings with the students and teachers for a happy and prosperous New Year. School principal S S Sahay felicitated the 'Best Santa'.Science exhibition: Former governor of Tripura, D N Sahai, inaugurated a science exhibition cum fair on the A V N English School premises on Saturday. Sahai, along with school principal Nimmi Das, examined different models and lauded the students for their sincere efforts. Nitish, Aditya, Vikas and Digvijay won accolades for their DNA, solar energy and robotic hand models while Musahid's disco flame model and Avinash, Vijay, Ritvik, Udit and Aditya Anand's creations were appreciated. Sewerage treatment and windmill were the other models which were appreciated by the gathering. Altogether 60 models were put on display in the science exhibition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17729619", "title": "'Aajacha Divas Majha' to break all stereotypes", "text": "'Aajacha Divas Majha' (Today is Mine) is a Marathi film which is all set for its big launch across the state of Maharashtra on January 25, 2013. This entertaining and cinematic journey of a chief minister who works hard for the citizens of his state comes from the banner of White Swan Productions and is produced Puja Chhabria.Chandrakant Kulkarni is directing the film which stars Sachin Khedekar and Mahesh Manjrekar who are back together on screen after Mee Shivajiraje Bhosale Boltoy . Also Khedekar stars again with Ashwini Bhave after Kadachit . The other cast members include Rishikesh Joshi, Pushkar Shrotri and Anand Ingle. Rajen Kothari is the director of photography.The film's director has teamed up again with renowned music director Ashok Patki and writers Ajit and Prashant Dalvi following the success of films like Bindhaast, Bhet, Kaydyacha Bola, Kadachit and Tukaram .\"The focus of movies has always been on jostling for power and fighting for seats but this film leaves the cliches behind to show the human side of a politician as also the idiologies of our political system and where the common man stands in the whole picture,\" said Chhabria. \"The film is a very special project for us. All team members from technicians and all the other crew members everyone has contributed to the making of an inspiring film,\" she added.Source : gomolo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17727795", "title": "A camera that lets you check email", "text": "The Samsung Galaxy Camera, like Nikon's S800c, is powered by Android. But where the Nikon shooter was only Wi-Fi capable, the Galaxy also packs 3G SIM support. In effect, this hybrid is not only a mid-level point-and-shoot, but it's also a portable, internet-capable gizmo on which you can play casual games, browse the web, and check your email.What we like* The Galaxy Camera boasts of sturdy build quality. And its minimalist design - with just three physical buttons - makes it seem modern.* Photos in well lit environments have vibrant colours and look sharp. In particular, macro shots and portraits stand out with their fine detail and depth.* Android and 3G support on the camera allows you to use apps like Instagram to edit and share your photos from the camera itself. Additionally, you can also upload full resolution images to online storage or albums should you choose to do so.* Its large 4.8-inch screen makes the Galaxy Camera a very handy Android device. Games like Angry Birds run well; web browsing is fast; various video formats play well; and photo-editing apps run without hiccups.What we don't like* There aren't any Android photo apps that can leverage upon the advanced lens and optics of smart cameras like the Galaxy Camera and Nikon S800c. Instagram and Pudding Camera, for instance, downsize high-res photos to create lighter files for upload - and this completely beats the purpose of having a 16-megapixel sensor at your disposal.* Pictures taken in low light lack detail and suffer from strong noise. Similarly priced mirrorless cameras (such as the Sony Nex-5 ) and entry-level DSLRs perform better in dim lighting.* Poor battery life. When used with a 3G SIM, the device can shoot only around 100 images on a single charge.* For a point-and-shoot camera, it is too big and heavy.In conclusionWhether this camera works for you depends on your buying motive. If you want a point-and-shoot, you would be better off with similarly-specced devices that retail at half the cost. In the same price band, you can also buy entry-level mirrorless or DSLR cameras.That said, if you're looking for a shooter to upload images to Facebook as soon as you click them, use fun photo apps on your pictures, or check emails and play games between shots, you can't go wrong with this one. And of course, the smart Galaxy Camera does give you some bragging rights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17725796", "title": "Banaras Hindu University to host NCSC-2012 from Dec 27", "text": "VARANASI: Just after the closing ceremony of the 150th birth anniversary of Pt Madan Mohan Malaviya, Banaras Hindu University (BHU) will host five-day National Children's Science Congress (NCSC-2012) from December 27 to 31.Talking to reporters on Saturday, BHU VC Dr Lalji Singh said that the congress will be inaugurated by the former President APJ Abdul Kalam while former chairman of University Grants Commission Prof Yashpal would preside over the inaugural function. About 850 children from across the country and ASEAN countries would take part in the congress. The selected 60 children at national level would take part in the All India Science Congress going to be held at Kolkata from January 3 to 7.The NCSC provides the children of 10 to 17 year of age from all over the country a unique opportunity to use their scientific temperament and knowledge to make their own dreams come true. The program was initiated in 1993, with the objectives to provide a forum to the young scientists to pursue their natural curiosity and to quench their thirst for creativity by experimenting on open-ended problems, to encourage children throughout the country to visualise future of the nation and help building generation of sensitive, responsible citizens, to stimulate scientific temperament and learning the scientific methodology for observation, collection of data, experiment analysis arriving at conclusions and presenting the findings.This year is the 20th year of the NCSC. It adopts a theme once in two years, which are very familiar as concept but are still far from being understood to treat them as sustainable issues. The focal theme this year is 'energy: explore, harness and conserve'. The theme energy is adopted with the aspiration that the young scientists would realise the need to initiate, explore, identify the energy resources and ways to harness and essentially optimise the use. The young scientists are given guidelines to develop their projects on energy under sub-themes like energy resources, energy system, energy and society, energy and environment, energy conservation and management, and energy planning and modeling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17726585", "title": "Security in stadium upped ahead of Indo-Pak match", "text": "BANGALORE: M Chinnaswamy Stadium has been turned into a fortress, quite literally, in the runup to the India-Pak T20 match on Tuesday.Besides a huge posse of policemen already deployed at the stadium, the security set-up will be escalated on the day of the match. Four deputy commissioners of police (DCPs) will personally man the arrangements, consisting of 90 inspectors, 270 sub-inspectors , 240 assistant sub-inspectors , 1,750 constables and 12 each platoons of KSRP and CAR.An elaborate set of dos and don'ts have been laid out for motorists for the big day.Traffic movement on Queens Road from CTO Circle has been banned from 11am to midnight on Tuesday, while parking facilities have been arranged at Shivajinagar BMTC bus stand and Kanteerava indoor stadium.Garuda Force deployed to keep watchBangalore: The state government notified the setting up of the State Counter Terror Response Force (CTRF) which will be called the Garuda Force. The 200-strong force will be deployed from Tuesday at the India-Pakistan T20 match at the M Chinnaswamy cricket stadium. This force will function under the internal security division of state police. It will have two operational groups to ensure 24/7 response capacity. \"We're procuring modern weaponry and equipment for this elite force. An advanced training module is on the anvil under trained and retired NSG commandos,\" director general of police Lalrokhuma Pachau said. The force has been set up on the lines of the National Security Guard (NSG) with special weapons and equipment, training, operational doctrine and procedures, he added. TNNYOU CAN'T PARK HEREFrom Queens Circle to Anil Kumble Circle on MG road From MG Road and Kalpana Road on Link Road Rajbhavan Road and Race Course Road Both roads adjacent to the stadium From Queens Circle to Hudson Circle Press Club and surrounding areas REST YOUR VEHICLES HERE BMTC bus terminal, Shivajinagar Kanteerava Indoor Stadium Opposite Army School, Kamraj Road", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17725882", "title": "Mahagami team to perform at Bhubaneswar", "text": "AURANGABAD: A team of Odissi dancers led by Kathak and Odissi exponent Parwati Dutta of Mahatma Gandhi Mission Sangeet Acadeny (Mahagami), one of the premier dance organizations in the country based in Aurangabad, will be performing on inaugural day of International Odissi Festival organised by Guru Kelucharan Mohapatra Odissi Research Centre and Government of Odissa, at Bhubaneswar on Sunday.\"Many artistes and gurus of Odissi dance from all over the world will be converging to Bhubaneswar to present their innovative creations. This is a great honour for the artistes and for Mahagami, but also for Aurangabad city and the state. Due to dedicated efforts of our team, this city is recognised as an important centre of Odissi dance,\" said Dutta.Parwati Dutta has specially composed few thematic dance pieces for this festival among those which will be presented are Hara Nrityaarambha, choreographed on Sanskrit shloka from 7th century \"Sadukti-karnaamritam\" music by Dutta and rhythm by Guru Banamali Moharana and Dutta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17726809", "title": "CM grants 16-acre land to Xavier's", "text": "KOLKATA: The lights were lit and the choir was singing Christmas carols. What was amiss was the enthusiasm associated with such occasions. There were only a handful of people to celebrate when chief minister Mamata Banerjee pulled out something special from her 'Santa's' bag of goodies for the St Xavier's College on Saturday.The kind of cheer that should have greeted her, when Mamata announced that she had brought along a letter granting 16 acres of land in New Town to the college, was missing.The programme was organised by the St Xavier's College (Calcutta) Alumni Association and Mamata was the chief guest. She was accompanied by Firhad Hakim, Manish Gupta, Subrata Mukherjee and Derek O'Brien. Barely 50 people attended the programme that paved the way for the college getting upgraded to a university.\"This is the first step towards the formation of the first Jesuit university,\" college authorities said.Mamata had visited the college in January, 2O12 last and had promised land for expansion of the campus. St Xavier's College has been trying to become an autonomous university for quite some time but this can only become possible if it gets land for another campus. Saturday witnessed the clearance of the first part of the hurdle. Once the college expands its campus to New Town, it would be in line to become an autonomous university.\"I have brought a letter that the college authorities will read out to you. I want the college to become a university. St Xavier's College has its alumni spread across the globe. I want the college to grow further. During my visit in January, I had expressed my desire to become an associate member of the alumni association. Today I am overwhelmed to have been granted honorary membership of the alumni association,\" Mamata said while greeting everybody for Christmas.Fr Felix Raj, principal of the college, expressed his gratitude to the chief minister for her gesture. \"When she came here in January, we asked her for some additional land to expand the campus. She didn't forget this and granted us the land today,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17725215", "title": "Kashyap, Sindhu in India Grand Prix finals", "text": "LUCKNOW: P Kashyap and PV Sindhu carried Indian hopes into the finals of the Syed Modi India Grand Prix Gold badminton at the BBD Academy on Saturday. Sunday will be a big day for both as they will play their maiden Grand Prix final.India's top player Kashyap had to overcome a tough resistance from Tommy Sugiarto before prevailing 21-18, 23-21 late in the evening, while Sindhu earlier eased past Sapsiree Taerattanachai of Thailand 21-12, 21-14.Kashyap found Sugiarto's tight defence a bit tough to breach, but the Indian relied on cross-court smashes and fine net play to squeeze through. Two service faults by Sugiarto in the two games only made matters difficult for the Indonesian - first when he down 16-17 in the first game, and then in the second when the scores were level at 21-21.Kashyap now plays Tanongsak Saensomboonsuk of Thailand who outwitted another Indonesian Yunus Alamsyah, the fifth seed, 21-14, 21-17. Saensomboonsuk was in control of things right through with his all-round play to wrap up the match in 47 minutes.Young Sindhu looked confident as she set up a final clash against Indonesia's Lindaweni Fanetri. Maintaining the form and tempo she displayed in the earlier rounds, the tall 18-year-old Indian dominated her much-experienced rival with measured drops and powerful smashes, finishing the job in less than 40 minutes.Sindhu later raised the bar by saying she is confident of beating Fanetri who she had earlier beaten at the Indonesian Open.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17726051", "title": "Carol singers do the rounds", "text": "LUDHIANA: Christmas is just around the corner and there is much singing and gaiety in the air. Following the tradition of carol singing, church choirs and groups have started going from door-to-door, singing carols, heralding the birth of Christ.Thomas Mathew, 34, who is a resident of BRS Nagar said, \"Carol-singing is a much awaited activity for the young and old alike. The members of the church and the choir visit us late in the evening, singing carols and dancing to the beat of drums.\" He added, \"We recite verses from the holy Bible and pray.\"Varghese Philip, 45, Kidwai Nagar, a member of Mar Gregorios Orthodox Syrian Church said, \"Carols give us an opportunity to celebrate, and in seven days, we try covering ten houses in two to three areas in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17726700", "title": "Amdavadi Dundee: Soham Mukherjee is India\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s first crocodile whisperer", "text": "When Soham Mukherjee calls out to Ally, she responds with a childlike enthusiasm and rushes towards him like a pet puppy to her master. For the record, Ally is an American alligator.A herpetologist and India's first and only crocodile trainer, Soham is a perfect example of following ones passion and turning into a profession. He has trained 45 crocodiles belonging to 12 species, lizards belonging to three species, snakes, tortoises, and a few birds of prey from around the world.This 27-year-old Amdavadi started 'herping' at 12 by collecting snakes, monitors and even scorpions at his home near Shyamal crossroads.\"By the time I was 17, I had 44 species of animals, including snakes, lizards, amphibians, turtles, tortoises, arachnids, birds and small mammals,\" Soham says. \"I realized that I was good at captive management of wild animals. I was too passionate and crazy to realize that most of the animals I was keeping were protected under the Wildlife Protection Act of India. After I found out about the Act, I started to volunteer at different wild animal facilities and started getting engaged in developing captive management protocols.\"Soham dropped out of his computer applications degree course to head a wildlife rehab centre run by a local NGO in Ahmedabad. This opportunity gave him a platform to develop his skills.\"I worked at the Madras Crocodile Bank - Centre for Herpetology where my work highlight was training crocodiles as part of behavioral enrichment. Later, I worked for a while with The Gerry Martin Project and loved the venom expeditions,\" he adds. The expeditions were undertaken to extract venom from venomous snakes to develop antidotes. Soham has suffered a couple of snakebites as part of rescue operations in Ahmedabad as a youngster.At present, Mukherjee works at Humane Society International (HSI)'s India office in Ahmedabad, under which he is assigned thetaskof rescuing animalscaughtin flood and other destruction around the world. He has also conducted training programs for professional animal handlers in humane animal capture and handling methods in India, Philippines, USA and Haiti.At the Croc Bank, Mukherjee launched the 'Croc Enrichment Training Program', where people can buy a ticket to see crocodiles getting trained. \"Crocodiles get nervous very easily so we usually keep a calm environment. We all woke up to a loud motor noise on the day of the launch and thought it would be ruined. Our maintenance department decided to choose that day to empty out some of the septic tanks. But, when the show began, the crocodiles performed brilliantly, far better than I expected,\" said Mukherjee.Soham has been encouraging enrichment for animals in captivity as it helps them display natural behaviour under controlled conditions. \"If we have to clean the enclosure, there is no need for 10 people wrestling thecrocstoherdthem in a corner for safety of cleaning personnel. I just have to command the crocs to enter inside the wooden crates.Apartfrom thekeeper'sconvenience, training also keeps the crocs healthy, physically and mentally,\" he said.According to Mukherjee, such enrichment programs, in advanced stages, can also train the crocs to give blood samples. \"It sounds impossible but it works and is already being done in zoos in the US, Australia and Thailand.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17724976", "title": "Rapist smiles, victim unsafe", "text": "LUCKNOW: Police officers who are looked upon by the women fraternity for protection and security sometime create an insecure atmosphere for the girls by committing heinous crime like rape. A deputy superintendent of police (DSP), who retired from the Indian Army as a Major, sexually exploited a teenaged girl in Kanpur. He then tortured her and threatened her to keep mum.Vishakha (name changed) was 15 when she was sexually abused by DSP Amarjeet Singh Sahi (then 57-year-old) in Kanpur in 2010. The accused had made obscene MMS after drugging her, while Vishakha's parents were away from home. For two years, Sahi kept blackmailing her to send her father to jail under the Narcotics Act.It all started from January 26, 2010 when Vishakha took part in an aero-modelling show at the Police Lines on Republic Day. Daughter of an Indian Air Force officer, she had been into aero-modelling since she was in class V. \"He (Sahi) came, applauded my performance, met my dad and showed inclination to be friends. He gradually became a close family friend and visited my house quite often,\" recalled Vishakha.Trembling with fear, she continued, \"It was in second week of November (2011) when he came to my house. I offered him tea and then he asked for a glass of water. I fell unconscious after drinking tea and he had his way. When I regained consciousness, he showed me an obscene MMS.\" The accused then threatened the victim that if she reveals his act, he will frame charges against his father for raping her. \"At gun point, he made me write on blank papers that I am a hooker and was demanding money from him (Sahi),\" said the girl. Unable to bear the trauma, Vishakha consumed poison but was saved.While this continued for few more months, in August 2011, Sahi was posted to Pratapgarh. \"After this also, he used to visit my home whenever he came to Kanpur. He kept threatening and again asked me to write that my father has sexually abused me,\" said Vishakha who is now an undergraduate student in Kanpur University. She added that Sahi broke all limits when in March 2012, he asked me marry him. He said I love you and want to marry you,'' said the victim. All this took place while the victim's mother and grandmother were having an argument over something. Amidst this, Vishakha consumed mosquito repellent. Her mother smelled foul and asked Sahi to get out of the house. Vishakha was rushed to the hospital and was eventually taken into police custody. \"My daughter and I were inside the lock up for four days. When we came back home, I asked Vishakha what was the problem. It was then she showed courage and told everything. I didn't know how to react,\" said Geeta, the victim's mother. Earlier in January, Vishakha under pressure from Sahi had lodged an FIR against her father.Braving an indifferent police and society, Vishakha's mother approached senior police officials to lodge a complaint against Sahi. And on April 18, Sahi was arrested, suspended and put behind bars. \"This is not enough. When he comes to court, he gives wicked smile to me, with no guilt in his eyes. It's me, my family who are supposed to be ashamed, but why when I have not done anything wrong,\" said Vishakha.Though Sahi is suspended, he yet to be terminated from service. A case has been lodged in the high court, but till now no trial has begun. Though the accused is behind bars, but the incident has instilled a sense of insecurity, fear and a feeling of mistrust against men. \"I never leave my daughter alone. But till when we can allow this. Is bowing down in front of the law-breakers the only solution,\" questioned Geeta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17725068", "title": "Kottavalasa-Kirandul line mishaps affect Waltair division revenues", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Frequent disruptions due to various reasons like Maoists, landslides, rains, cyclones and other technical problems on the top grosser Kottavalasa-Kirandul (KK) line of the Waltair division of East Coast Railways, (ECoR) have blown a Rs 60 crore hole into the revenues of the division so far this fiscal.As many as 15 disruptions have occurred this year on the single-track KK line, which is a major freight earner for the division and is basically used to transport iron ore from Bailadilla mines in Chhattisgarh to Visakhapatnam.Waltair division earns about Rs 4,300 crore per annum from all sources, including Rs 3,800 crore from freight traffic alone and Rs 350 crore from passenger services. Of the Rs 3,800 crore, the division earns nearly Rs 3,000 crore from the KK line alone.Of these disruptions, two major mishaps took place in the peak season for iron ore transportation that begins in September and continues right up to March. The recent derailment of a goods train at a tunnel between Gorapur and Darleput was the second major interruption on the line this year.\"A total of six bogies were derailed in the incident, and about 60 tons of iron ore was destroyed. The division suffered a loss of up to Rs 11 crore due to five days of interruption from the night of December 18 to December 22. The railway authorities have spent almost Rs 20 lakh to restore the track and the line will be opened for traffic from Sunday morning,\" a senior railway officer said.The division faced severe loses when the KK line was disrupted for almost 13 days due to cyclone Nilam that washed away the earth under the rail tracks at Boddavara in Vizianagaram and landslides in November this year, causing losses of up to Rs 30 crore during the period. \"Railways has spent more than Rs 1 crore to restore the Boddavara track. Overall, the division lost nearly Rs 60 revenue due to disruptions on the KK line this year,\" a senior railway officer told TOI.On normal days, the Waltair division runs nearly 15 rakes or goods trains on the 446-km railway line which is spread over 117 kms in Andhra Pradesh, 158 kms in Orissa and 117 kms in Chhattisgarh. Apart from the freight traffic, the disruption also affected the tourism sector in the Eastern Ghats. AP Tourism Development Corporation suffered loss of around Rs 70 lakh due to cancellation of the only passenger train on the line. The train was cancelled for nearly 20 days on various occasions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "ahmednagar (maharashtra)", "code": "17729412", "title": "Delhi gang rape: Hazare calls for stricter laws", "text": "AHMEDNAGAR (Maharashtra): Extending his support to the protests by youths demanding justice for the Delhi gang-rape victim, anti-corruption crusader Anna Hazare today called for stringent laws and fast-track trials in such cases.\"Youths gathered on the streets to demonstrate are passionate patriots. Their anger and the non-violent ways of demonstration shows that they have full faith in the country's democratic system and the Constitution,\" Hazare told PTI at Ralegan Siddhi, his native place in the district this morning.\"The incident of gang-rape in the national capital shows that criminal and anti-social elements are not afraid of the government machinery,\" he said.\"Therefore, government has to change the laws to give severe punishment to those who indulge in crime against women. Fast-track trials are needed against such crimes in the country,\" Hazare said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17725756", "title": "Juhu CCTV non-functional, cops in dark about attacker", "text": "MUMBAI: Two days after a 33-year-old marketing professional was slapped while jogging on Juhu beach, the police are yet to identify the accused as the CCTV camera installed on the stretch where the incident took place was not working.The police have now repaired the CCTV camera after Thursday's incident.The two cops posted at a chowky on the beach have been replaced by two new policemen after the victim alleged that they did not help her and told her to approach the Santa Cruz police instead.Investigators said the victim didn't see the man's face as he had sneaked up from behind her and slapped her.An officer told TOI, \"The miscreant didn't say a word to her. We are trying to understand the motive. We are also trying to find out if the man slapped her because he mistook her for someone else.\"Meanwhile, Bandra residents called for an urgent meeting on Saturday to chalk out a plan to reduce the threat women face in public places.Chairperson of H (West) Citizens' Federation Anandini Thakoor said, \"We do not believe that candlelight rallies serve the purpose. We have decided to do something concrete.\"Following a spate of chain-snatching incidents on Bandra-Santa Cruz stretch last year, residents' associations, local MP Priya Dutt and MLA Baba Siddiqui had funded the installation of nearly 34 CCTV cameras in the area. The cameras were connected to a surveillance room in the Khar police station. At least 300 cases were noted, many chain snatchers were identified and their photographs displayed to the public.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17726735", "title": "Govt launches Rs 41-crore drainage project for coastal areas", "text": "KOLKATA: The state government has launched a Rs 41 crore World Bank-aided project to build a storm water drainage network system in coastal areas of Digha and its surroundings. The project, expected to be completed in the next two years, is part of the World Bank-aided Integrated Coastal Zone Management programme the state government has been working on for some time to develop the coastal areas.State urban development secretary Debashis Sen said water accumulation is a major problem in these areas which gives rise to the need of a proper drainage system. the area still does not have a proper drainage network though there was a long felt need for it because of water accumulation in the areas.\"An agency has been selected for the project. Work on setting up a sewerage network will also start soon. It will be of great help if both the drainage and sewerage system projects are executed,\" he said.The Digha Shankarpur Development Authority (DSDA) has been working on developing coastal areas through several schemes. The authorities have also floated tenders to invite private partners for setting up a snow park and a water sports facility.There are several plans that have been chalked out to spruce up the coast regions of the state and make them popular on the lines of Goa.While the authorities had decided to set up a wooden pedestrian walkway at Shankarpur for tourists, plans are also afoot to introduce a hovercraft service.Besides, land will soon be earmarked to set up a catering and hotel management institute and a circuit house in Digha.Earlier, authorities had handed over a small structure at Amaravati Park in Digha to the fisheries department where a coffee shop has already come up. A ropeway service in the area is also on the cards.In order to attract tourists, the civic infrastructure is also being improved by constructing roads.Among other project plans, the authorities have been working to earmark land for a catering and hotel management institute and for a circuit house at Digha. The authorities had earlier handed over a small structure at Amaravati Park in Digha to the fisheries department where a coffee shop has already been set up. The authorities have also been working on setting up a ropeway over Amaravati park.Apart from these, the authorities have been working on sprucing up civic infrastructure in coastal areas by constructing roads. The authorities are also planning to organise a Digha beach festival very soon. A beach festival was organised there last year to attract tourists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17729574", "title": "Una Healy visits old school", "text": "Irish singer Una Healy went down memory lane by visiting her old school.She returned to her alma mater in Thurles, County Tipperary to film a Christmas edition of TV show \"School Around The Corner\", reports dailystar.co.uk.She was greeted by dozens of excited students at the Presentation Secondary School, where she hosted a question-and-answer session in the assembly hall and also sat in on a home economics class.Healy, who became a mother to daughter Aoife Belle in March, also met old school friends and her former teachers.\"I haven't been here since 1994, it's a lifetime ago. I have tears in my eyes, I'm just so overwhelmed. A couple of my old teachers were there. It's just so nice that they all turned up,\" she said.The scenes were filmed for a special episode, to be aired in Ireland on Christmas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17729484", "title": "Visiting the Santa Claus village in Lapland", "text": "In Arctic Circle's Lapland lies Santa Claus Village. Meet Santa in the flesh, his elves and reindeers, and the postmen who sort through kids' letters.Rovaniemi, the capital of Finnish Lapland occupies a strange position between the border of Arctic Circle and a fairytale. At Christmas time, the landscape is big-bad-wolffierce white. The sun comes out for a couple of hours each day like a truant boy, and the blue-black winter night throws up the opportunity to witness the aurora borealis or northern lights \u00e2\u20ac\u201d nature's tiffany in the night skies.In the midst of the quintessential winter goings-on of dog sleds and snowmobile rides, ice-fishing and skiing, there's much to be done at Santa Claus Village. Located eight kilometres north of Rovaniemi, you can visit the village any time of the year and meet Santa. But, a visit at Christmas time, when traditions receive a worthy if somewhat self-conscious kiss of life, feels a bit like celebrating a birthday.The story goes that the tradition of Santa Claus stems from Saint Nicholas, who was known for his love of children, seafarers and charitable work. Several cultures claim to be the original home of Santa. Lapland, however, has its own definitive version. Laplanders believe that Santa, who lived originally in Ear Mountain in Korvatunturi (a fell in Lapland located within Urho Kekkonen National Park) was so removed from and inaccessible to the public, that he created a second home in the Arctic Circle near Rovaniemi.In Santa park, you can visit Santa's cavern, and across the Arctic Circle underground, you can watch an elf show (real people, I assure you) attend a gingerbread workshop, and meet Santa and have your photo taken with him. Gifts and souvenirs are available at the village, and if you'd like to be close to the holiday cheer, hire a cabin at the village.En route the village lies a reindeer farm where an encounter with the Samis, the traditional inhabitants of Lapland, makes me wonder whether the Santa Village will loom large in amusement park-like contrast. You'd too \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the Samis have a remarkably straightforward approach to life, their functional layered-on clothes leave little space for vanity, and herding reindeer for a living must make a stoic of the most naive of us.Remarkably however, the entire unfolding scape, with its tall towers, snowmen grinning over big white fields, the familiar and comforting soundtrack of carols, elves swaggering around gift shops, sled rides in the snow in the twinkling light of myriad Christmas trees, folks sitting by the fireplace and writing letters in the Santa Post Office \u00e2\u20ac\u201d which receives close to half a million letters each year \u00e2\u20ac\u201d is all saved from death by whimsy. Not only because it is a lot of fun in an understated, tasteful Finnish way, but also because, despite all the logic one applies to these things, nothing of the urbane world is perhaps quite as outlandishly attractive as the looming possibility of an encounter with Santa.The embarrassment stems not from the fact that Santa is the playing out of an idiosyncratic local custom, but from the fact that as a child I clutched so fervently to the idea of him. A wise man told me once, \"The things we renounce because we think the time has come, always stay etched in an archetypal memory more deeply than ideas to which we cling for dear life.\"In keeping with his friendly-heart and liberal-hand image, Santa doles out bookmarks, speaks in the language he believes you are most comfortable with and brims with a raw sense of humour. The entire interaction with him is digitally recorded, which can be played back to you , if you wish. In the video, I've psychologically regressed to a five-year old perched on a digitally savvy, yet reindeer-boot wearing Santa's knee.I am reminded of what joy and abandon feels, prompted by transcendental fantasy. In writing letters in the Santa Post Office to be sent to any part of the world with an Arctic Circle postmark, I enjoy this shift back to snail mail. In shopping for Arctic dolls in handmade Sami costumes with all their buttons and frills, I begin to appreciate the wonder of small-scale workmanship. In the endless feasts of swilled-wine and prune-filled pastries, I encounter young and old alike who forget to be either ironic in their narration of tales.To be Santa Claus is to keep alive a tradition, which is why the questions on my mind ('What does this man do when he's not playing Santa? How was he chosen for this role?) seem foolish and irrelevant, and die on my tongue.This isn't the story of a big burly man in a red coat and white beard, or of a frosty winter wonderland dotted with concerts and Christmas bazaars. This, right here, is an unfolding parable in snow \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a way to think about life, faith, joy, kindness and all the things the world could do with a bit more of, all the things that the heart inside the big shaggy red coat really stand for.Fact file:Getting there: There are numerous flight routes between Mumbai and Helsinki. Finnair and Norwegian Airlines offer connecting flights from Helsinki to Rovaniemi.Staying there: The Scandic Hotel Rovaniemi is central to most activities. For more information, visit scandichotels.fiSanta's address: Santa Claus, Santa Claus Main Post Office, FI-96930 Arctic Circle Visit: santaclausvillage.info and visitrovaniemi.fi/In-English/Christmasmirrorfeedback@indiatimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17726447", "title": "PIL against civic body for malpractices", "text": "NASHIK: A public interest litigation (PIL) has been filed against officials of the central and state government and the Nashik Municipal Corporation for alleged malpractices in the housing scheme under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) by Nirbhay Foundation, a city-based NGO.Volunteers of the NGO said that despite a day-long discussion at the general body meeting recently, their queries were not answered. The NGO said that the flaws in the scheme in Nashik were studied by them and that they had forwarded it to the state government and to the civic officials. They had also demanded that houses be completed at the earliest and handed over to the beneficiaries.\"We had asked the civic body if they had the right to reduce the number of houses, from 16,000 to 11,200 and then again to 9,900. The central government had sanctioned the amount for the 16,000 houses, why did the NMC reduce the number of houses. Till date around Rs 160 crores has been used for building 8,000 houses and the NMC assures of handing over 1,720 houses by December,\" the volunteers said.Manoj Pingle, president of Nirbhay Foundation, has said that the NGO had gone to court to get answers to their queries about corruption. \"We have filed PIL against officials of the central government, state government and the NMC and it has been admitted. In the PIL, we have also asked for an inquiry committee to be set up. The officials are responsible for delay in the scheme and the excess amount to be spent on it,\" he said.NCP cell meets civic chief Sanjay GalphadeA delegation comprising members of the local slum cell unit of the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) led by president Sanjay Galphade met municipal commissioner Sanjay Khandare on Friday and presented a memorandum demanding an inquiry committee be set up immediately to find out the alleged corruption in the housing scheme. The delegation said that the beneficiaries should get the houses for free and that the cost should be borne by the civic body. \"It is claiming that 11,200 houses are being constructed, when it only 3,000-4,000 houses. A white paper should be drawn up,\" they said. The delegation gave an ultimatum of eight days to the civic body to fulfil their demands, failing which the members would organise a hunger strike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17724419", "title": "Minor sexually exploited", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: A six-year-old girl was allegedly sexually exploited by a 53-year-old neighbour, Md Shuban on December 10 in the godown of block number two in Dhatkidih under Bistupur police station area. The accused is employed as a security guard at the godown.When the victim's family confronted Shuban, after the minor narrated the incident to her mother, he threatened the mother of dire consequences owing to which she couldn't muster courage to report the crime.However, when the victim's mother informed her acquaintances about the incident, they encouraged her to report the matter following which she lodged a complaint on Saturday.\"Pretending to give chocolates to her he (the accused) coaxed her and eventually exploited her sexually,\" alleged the victim's mother in the complaint report.The accused who was absconding for several hours finally got arrested by the police in the evening. \"The girl is with her mother and the accused has been arrested,\" said Bistupur police station in-charge, Awad Kumar. The police said they will probe into the matter before further commenting on anything.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17726365", "title": "Women\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s helplines in Bangalore hang up by sunset", "text": "BANGALORE: Women encounter hostile situations round the clock, but they can banish the thought of calling helplines after sunset . Reason: all the five women's helplines in Bangalore simply do not work after 6pm.The government-run Vanita Sahaya Vani helpline is off the hook as the clock strikes 6. The one run by Mahila Dakshata Samithi stops working 30 minutes earlier; so does the one run by Abala Ashrama. The two remaining helplines, too, shut by 6pm.However, the inimical situations that visit women have no official hours. Most rape, attempt-to-rape and molestation cases in the city occur well after dusk, during which women have no helpline to bail them out. Helpline authorities, though , claim that logistical issues constrain them from working beyond 6pm. Lack of infrastructure and financial crunch are the two biggest hurdles they cite.No funds, no 24/7 helplinesThe absence of round-the clock women's helplines is quite appalling and may activists blame it on lack of government funds and police support.\"Mahila Dakshata Samithi tried out a round-the-clock helpline three years ago, but had wind it up as we didn't get support from police and government . We know that a growing city like Bangalore needs such a helpline. But we didn't get assured funds and ran under loss. Which counsellor will work for mere Rs 5,000? That's what the government pays. Ideally what we need is a government established decentralized round-theclock helpline exclusively to work on rescuing women in distress ,\" said Sharanya Hegde of Mahila Dakshatha Samithi.She said the helpline should be in consonance with the bursting seams of Bangalore. \"If an attempt to rape occurs in Kengeri , a rescue team must not rush from some other corner of the city,\" Hegde said.She said the ideal helpline needs to be staffed with sensible men and women volunteers who can tackle issues on women's safety with utmost priority.The government-run Vanita Sahaya Vani was started initially to cater to the safety of women in distress at any given point of time. But it now works only from 10.30 am to 5.30 pm. \"We have a mechanism where calls made to the Vanita Sahaya Sani are diverted to the police control room. In case of any serious issues, police inform us and we take care of it. So far we have not come across such cases. But ideally we do feel the need of setting up a 24x7 helpline,\" said Rani Shetty, co-ordinator , Vanita Sahaya Vani.The helpline is not located in the police commissioner's office complex, making it difficult to work 24X7, she admitted. \"Helplines must work with police support,\" she added.Abala Ashrama, another NGO for women in distress, also has a helpline that does not function round the clock. \"We suggest our callers to come to our office as we don't have a rescue team. We attend to calls till 5.30 pm,\" said A Susheelamma, supervisor . A toll free helpline by Vanita Sahaya Vani, 1091, has been dysfunctional for some months due to technical snags.NO EXTENSION OF TIMEBangalore police are yet to wake up to the idea of a 24X7 helpline for women in distress. Additional commissioner of police (law and order) T Suneel Kumar said the Vanita Sahaya Vani addresses marital discords. \"If the things go beyond its ambit, a criminal case will be filed. As far as the availability of 24/7 service at the voluntary service centre established by city police with the help of Social Welfare Board, the service conditions cannot be stretched. We have kept open the police control room for 24 hours for any emergency and even for women in distress. There is no plan to extend the working hours of the women's helpline,\" he said.PRANKS FLOOD LINESOf the over 150 calls that the Vanita Sahaya Vani receives every day, only less than 10 calls are genuine, say counsellors attending the calls. \"As our numbers are publicized everywhere , we get calls asking for different departments. They think we are a helpline to give away numbers of other control rooms of the government like railways, bus service, revenue department and various such offices. Callers even ask to us to augment their mobile phone currency,\" said Rani Shetty, coordinator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17724719", "title": "CBSE\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s 3-day national meet begins in Indore", "text": "INDORE: The 19th national conference of Sahodaya School Complexes, 2012 started on Saturday with much enthusiasm among the principal, teachers and other dignitaries. On the first day of the three-day conference there was a special session on 'New pedagogies and enabling technologies for teaching and learning' along with a special panel discussion on 'Education 3.0'.Organized by Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE), the conference was inaugurated by eminent scientist Padmashree former director, RRCAT Indore Dr D D Bhawalkar, chairman - CBSE Vineet Joshi, , director - training and academics Dr Sadhana Parashar, president Sahodaya Indore Srinivas Rao and secretary Sahodaya Indore Prakash Choudhary.Speaking on the occasion, CBSE chairman Vineet Joshi highlighted the need of increasing questioning skills to enhance the creativity of children. \"A teacher plays multiple roles right from imparting information, motivation to reaching out to parents to community at large. Skills learnt at the school remain with the child even when he grows up and help him,\" Joshi said.Dr Bhawalkar stressed the need of comparing our children's academic standards at the international level. He emphasized upon the incorporation of technology into education.\"Creativity needs to be honed at school so that we can churn out laureates like Dr CV Raman and Swami Vivekanand. Education should not be limited to generating oriented student, but taking it beyond this,\" Dr Bhawalkar said.A memorabilia of Sahodaya Schools and their principals was also released by Vineet Joshi during the opening session.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17727697", "title": "Delhi gang rape: Sonia meets protesters, assures justice", "text": "NEW DELHI: \"I am with you...and justice will be delivered.\"This is what Congress chief Sonia Gandhi told a group of protesters outside her 10-Janpath residence shortly after midnight.Making a surprise move, Gandhi came out of her residence at around 12.10 AM and talked to protesters for around 20 minutes over women security issues.She sat on the ground with protesters while security personnel encircled the group she was talking to.According to a protester, Gandhi told them \"I am with you. I can't tell when the justice will be delivered, but surely it will be. We will do something.\"The protesters when asked for a deadline, she said, \"I can't give you a deadline but action will be taken.\"Gandhi also expressed her desire to meet some of the protesters tomorrow morning and hear their grievances.Delhi has been witnessing a series of protests for the fifth day in a row with students today clashing with police at Raisina Hill, the seat of power.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17729178", "title": "Vanessa sparks controversy by meditating", "text": "Vanessa Hudgens may have landed herself in hot water after she posted a picture of herself on Instagram, meditating like the recently deceased Sitar virtuoso Ravi Shankar.The former Disney star posted a series of exotic photos of herself in full Sari on Facebook with the words: Ravi Shankar , intense, meditating.Hudgens looks coyly away from the camera and then challengingly at it in full traditional Indian garb including a Bindi on her forehead and intricate gold hand jewellery, the Daily Mail reported.Despite not having any Indian ancestry herself it is believed, the 24-year-old still took to the internet to compare herself to the legendary musician.Hudgens later posted another snap of herself in a quirky black hat and round glasses while pulling a series of faux surprised faces.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17726009", "title": "Two killed in accidents", "text": "PUNE: Two persons died in separate accidents in the city on Friday.Kanharam Thanaram Chaudhari (40) of Nana Peth died on the spot after the motorcycle he was riding pillion was hit by a tractor on Undri road. The tractor driver fled the spot. Chaudhari's brother-in-law Nemaram Chaudhari has lodged a complaint in this regard.The Kondhwa police said Nemaram and Kanharam were travelling towards Undri on Friday morning. Their motorcycle was behind a tractor, which had a trolley laden with debris attached to it. The tractor driver lost control of the wheel, causing the vehicle to reverse. The trolley hit the motorcycle and Nemaram and Kanharam fell down. Kanharam died on the spot as his head came under the wheels of the trolley, police said.In the second accident, Mohitkumar RampalSingh (34) died on the spot after a speeding state transport bus knocked down his scooter at Chandannagar around 6.45 pm. The Airport police have booked the bus driver, Shaikh Abdul (45) of Hingoli, for negligent driving. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17726253", "title": "Legal or illegal, deck bed business flourishes", "text": "PANAJI: The operation of deck beds has turned into a lucrative business for some, and in many cases, it may have nothing to do with the licenced activity carried out by shack owners, sources said.Sources alleged that shacks and stalls have been erected and deck beds laid in government properties in Mandrem and other places.A tourism official conceded that monitoring may be lax in some areas. \"\"But even in areas like Calangute, which are well monitored, deck beds are being laid to cater to demand, as it is the peak time of the season,\" the official said.\"Even if we put two beds extra, the police swoop down on us,\" said Cruz Cardozo, president of Shack owners welfare society - Goa. Alleging that they are singled out for blame, he said others also erect shacks in private properties and put out deck beds.\"Why is no action initiated against them and licenced shack owners are blamed for the illegalities,\" Cardozo said. The authorities have not done any study to trace the persons responsible for these illegal activities. \"Though we are blamed, authorities never specify that those who erect them on private properties are also responsible,\" Cardozo said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17726672", "title": "Not hankering for HoD's post, says Benjamin Zachariah", "text": "KOLKATA: First a litigation over selection and then a storm over the control of a department. No one had ever expected the high-profile Presidency University to step into controversies so soon.What's more, the grievance comes from noted scholar Benjamin Zachariah whose appointment as a history professor was announced amid huge fanfare by the Presidency mentor group. But when he fell out with the university authorities, one comes to hear that he's not on a par with distinguished professors like Somak Roy Chowdhury.A day after accusing the university of \"breach of trust\", saying that Presidency mentor group chairperson Sugato Bose had verbally promised him the head of the department (HoD) post, Zachariah on Saturday questioned university vice-chancellor Malabika Sarkar's logic that the HoD of history, like all other departments, will be selected on the basis of seniority after the recruitment process is over.\"I do not know how the university defines seniority. I believe that authorities won't go by the age of professors. Instead, academic excellence and publications and seniority in service should be considered during the HoD selection,\" the history professor said. Asked if he wanted to quit the job, the South Asian history expert told TOI that he was not hankering for the HoD's post. Zachariah said that he would rather disengage himself from administrative work and spend his time teaching and writing a couple of books.Zachariah also pointed out that the existing HoD had completed her tenure and was on her way out. \"Yes, I have completed my two-year term as the HoD in October. I wrote to the vice-chancellor to replace me as early as possible,\" said present history HoD Jayashree Mukherjee.However, Presidency mentor group chairman Sugato Bose didn't like the way the angry history professor has \"misrepresented\" the telephonic conservation between the two. \"He (Zachariah) has misrepresented me. We are merely a recommending body without executive powers. I fully endorse the vice-chancellor's decision to keep the HoD selection on hold. She has the responsibility of maintaining a healthy academic atmosphere which she is doing,\" said Bose.According to Presidency sources, Bose went an extra mile to sort out matters with Benjamin Zachariah, but the latter was out of station on December 19 and the meeting fell through.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17726571", "title": "Karnataka to get special mining corporation", "text": "BANGALORE: In an affidavit filed before the Supreme Court, the state government said it will establish a special purpose vehicle called the Karnataka Mineral-Rich Region Development Corporation.This follows a November 2, 2012 directive of the Supreme Court accepting a central empowered committee (CEC) report of September 27, 2012. The report recommended that the state not grant any new mining leases in the districts of Bellary , Tumkur and Chitradurga without obtaining the Supreme Court's permission.The affidavit filed by advocate Anitha Shenoy stated that the fund to the SPV should be routed through the consolidated fund of the state under the overall control of the legislature . The SPV will be established to formulate and implement projects under the chairmanship of the chief secretary.The affidavit also suggested that the grant of new leases for mining may be allowed in light of the provisions of the Mines and Minerals (Development and. Regulation) Act (MMDR ACT), without having to take prior permission of the Supreme Court.\"The state government may be permitted to fix the annual production limits for the three districts in consultation with the CEC and the present production limits of 30 MMT may be withdrawn. Cancelled mining leases of Category C may be transferred to the M/s Mysore Minerals Limited (MML) and 50% of the sale proceeds from the sale of iron ore from Category C mining leases may be transferred to M/s MML and the rest will go to the SPV through the consolidated fund,\" the affidavit said.\"In case of Category A and B mines, 50% of mining proceeds may go to the respective lessees and out of the remaining 50 %, 15 % may go to the SPV through consolidated fund and the remaining to the state exchequer. Mechanism for fixing the benchmark price for e-auction of the iron ore produced by the lessees may be put in place,\" the affidavit stated further.The affidavit also submitted that the director general of the Survey of India may be directed to identify and demarcate inter-state boundary between Karnataka and Andhra Prdesh. It prayed the court to grant further three months time for processing renewal applications for mining.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17726450", "title": "Power utility recovers Rs 7 crore from defaulters", "text": "NASHIK: The Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited (MSEDCL) has recovered Rs 7 crore in Nashik zone through the Abhay scheme for defaulters. It has waived the interest of Rs 33 crore and delayed payment charges (DPC) worth Rs 2.31 crore.Defaulters from Ahmednagar Circle,a part of Nashik zone along with Nashik rural and Nashik urban circles, form a major chunk of beneficiaries since nearly 92 % made payments amounting to Rs 3.78 crore while the interest waived was Rs 18.98 crore and the DPC was Rs 11.9 crore.The total outstanding as on March 31, 2012 stood at Rs 59.96 crore and current arrears stood at Rs 61.03 crores, besides interest.Nashik zone had 2.66 lakh defaulters with outstanding bill amount of Rs 123.25 crore by March-end that had swelled to Rs 124.02 crore excluding interest.The power company had announced the special scheme in which 50 to 80 % of the interest accrued on outstanding and 100 % of delayed payment charges (DPC) would be waived for defaulters who paid the outstanding till date and if the consumers were from the below poverty line and other special schemes, the entire interest and DPC were to be waived.Defaulters from Nashik Urban lagged far behind with only 87 % of beneficiaries benefitting from the scheme, while 75 % from Nashik rural cleared their outstandings. Of the Rs 2.66 lakh defaulters from the zone, Ahmednagar circle (district) accounted for 1.36 lakh while Nashik urban circle had only 23,000 defaulters and Nashik rural had 1.06 lakh defaulters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17725031", "title": "Guest ties up, rapes 2-year-old in Halol", "text": "VADODARA: A two-year-old girl was allegedly raped by a man who was a guest in her house in Halol town in Panchmahal. The accused tied her hands and legs with rope and raped her in an open field away from her home, leaving the town shocked.The girl has suffered serious injuries on her private parts but they are not life-threatening, said doctors at SSG Hospital in Vadodara where she has been admitted.The victim's parents are from Nepal. The father is employed as a security guard in Halol. Police officials said that the girl was lured away by the accused, Keshavraj Joshi, 32, also from Nepal, on the pretext of buying her biscuits on Friday evening. When the two did not return for a long time, the parents got worried and started looking for them.Joshi was tracked down to an isolated spot, sitting alone. He gave vague replies about whereabouts of the girl. Eventually the girl was spotted not far away with her hands and legs tied amid bushes. She was bleeding profusely from her private parts.Police inspector J K Patel said medical examination of both the accused and the victim has been conducted. The results are awaited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17725408", "title": "Lucknow Municipal Corporation trains its staff for Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission", "text": "LUCKNOW: Lucknow Municipal Corporation on Saturday organised a one-day workshop for its clerical staff. The programme was aimed at the capacity building and skill development of the newly appointed clerks and junior staff to efficiently execute the urban development work under JNNURM (Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission).Around 139 clerical staff members along with the seven appointed project implementation units for the JNNURM programme and about 30 cable operators participated in the workshop. The programme was conducted in two sessions and was inaugurated by the municipal commissioner, Rakesh Kumar Singh. The workshop was moderated by the additional municipal commissioner, P.K. Srivastava.During the workshop, people were trained about various aspects like file-keeping, noting, drafting and correspondence etc by Mohd Junaid, deputy secretary in the UP government.To make the session interactive, participants were encouraged to raise questions and get their queries answered by the experts. These people were informed about the importance of the training programme and how they could enhance their ability through it. They were told about how they could efficiently execute their daily task by prioritising their work.Srivastava said that it was a foundation workshop and was highly appreciated by their staff. He also said that many more such sessions would be organised in future. \"We would soon organise more programmes, especially designed for various departments like double accounting system, computerization, self-evaluation of house tax, mutation of houses, advertisement tax, right to information and more such subjects,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17727032", "title": "Indian Institute of Information Technology, research centre for Nagpur cleared after ten years", "text": "NAGPUR: City MP Vilas Muttemwar has expressed happiness that a branch of Indian Institute of Information Technology (IIIT) and international-level research centre will be set up at Nagpur after ten years of efforts by him.Addressing a press conference, he said that he had first proposed an IIIT in May 2002 when Murli Manohar Joshi was the union human resources department (HRD) minister. \"Joshi said that Nagpur would receive favourable consideration once the scheme of central assistance for these institutions was finalized. Then it went into cold storage. I then wrote to Arjun Singh to 2006, who promised the same.\"However, IIITs were awarded to Pune and Aurangabad. I was aghast and complained to HRD ministry, which told me that the two locations had been selected by state government,\" he revealed.Two conditions were required for setting up the IIIT. The central share was 50%, state government was 35% and minimum three local companies would have to contribute the remaining 15%. Secondly, the state government would have to provide 100 acre land. As no industry came forward in Aurangabad, Muttemwar contacted Vidarbha Economic and Development Council (VED), Vidarbha Industries Association (VIA) and Nag Vidarbha Chamber of Commerce, which agreed to chip in this amount. Nagpur district collector told the MP 100 acre land was available at Chicholi (taluka Kamptee).Muttemwar thanked late Vilasrao Deshmukh, former minister of science and technology for approving the international level research centre at Nagpur. \"I had requested him to send a communication to me that the centre had been approved but Vilasrao said that he would come down to Nagpur to announce it. Unfortunately, he did not live to do that.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17725486", "title": "Banking services should be a right: P Chidambaram", "text": "JAIPUR: With large parts of the rural areas remaining out of reach of the banking network foiling government's attempts to deliver people the benefits of welfare schemes, finance minister P Chidambaram on Saturday urged that everybody should begin to feel that getting banking services is their right.\"People must demand banking services as their right like several other rights they enjoy,\" Chidambaram said here after remotely inaugurating the State Bank of Bikaner and Jaipur's (SBBJ) 1000th branch at Sambhar.Bringing people under financial inclusion sits at the heart of the UPA-II government's ambitious direct cash transfer scheme for subsidies and the time is ticking fast as the government has set a deadline of January 1 to roll out the projects in 43 districts.\"The direct cash transfer programme will be implemented in some districts for some schemes from January but we will cover all of the country for all the schemes by the end of 2013,\" Chidambaram said.Chief minister Ashok Gehlot , who also took part in the Golden Jubilee celebrations of the SBBJ, said this is the third visit of the Union finance minister to the state in three months and it speaks of the importance that government is attaching to the revolutionary project.\"Banks hold key to the implementation Aadhaar project the success of which will depend the spread of the banking network,\" Gehlot said.SBBJ was formed January 1, 1963 and has 124 branches and a business of Rs 45 crores. The royals of Jaipur and Bikaner had set up two separate institutions which were merged later and it was transformed into the present day bank. Today, the bank has done business of Rs 120 lakh crore and as minister of state for finance , Namo Narain Meena, puts it, every sixth bank branch in the state belongs to SBBJ.The 50th year celebrations also graced by State Bank of India chairman Pratip Chaudhari and SBBJ managing director Shiva Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17725758", "title": "4 held for harassing model, get bail", "text": "Four persons have been arrested for allegedly harassing a female model near the Oshiwara police station on Thursday. The men, who had overtaken the model's case and allegedly passed lewd remarks at her, were released on bail. The men told the police they were aspiring models and lived in the same locality as the woman.One of the accused claims he knows the woman and had only said 'hi' to her. The woman told the police she didn't know the men.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17724761", "title": "Tent mafia: 3 DDA officials suspended", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three officials of Delhi Development Authority (DDA) were suspended earlier this month following TOI's report on the tent mafia still flourishing in parts of the city. Following complaints from Delhiites that the grounds booked by them for social functions already had elaborate pandals erected on them, action was taken by DDA's land management wing to remove pandals from DDA grounds in areas like Pitampura and Wazirpur.Officials said there has been a consolidated effort to rein in the tent mafia, particularly after DDA introduced online booking of grounds/parks/community halls for marriages and social functions. \"In some cases, we found that tents were put up on DDA grounds in the absence of any booking for that day. The land management wing came into action and forcibly removed these tents from some DDA grounds near TV tower in Pitampura and one ground in Wazirpur,'' said an official. After TOI highlighted how tentwallahs book DDA grounds in advance and put up pandals on them, forcing genuine customers to approach the tentwallahs and pay a higher price for the same venue, the VC ordered a crackdown. Some of the officers were found guilty of dereliction of duty. The problem is being routinely monitored.DDA has received over 1,500 bookings for its grounds a month after making the facility online. DDA officials said feedback from the public indicated that online booking was more convenient. Online booking became functional from November 7 for all its 154 venues. Officials said after necessary documentation and payment of fees, up to Rs 50,000, consumers can book any of the DDA venues. DDA in its recent meeting also approved the idea of constructing kalian mandapams in each of the city's nine districts for holding marriage functions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17726641", "title": "Sail on, Pi", "text": "Ever since he set sail on the 1st of November, marine pilot Tomy has been inching forward in his solo non-stop circumnavigation attempt. If he completes it, he will be the first Indian to join the elite club of around 80 sailors who have gone around the world alone without any stops. Tomy has also been blogging consistently about his record-breaking journey right from the time he set out of Mumbai carried by good winds that lasted for three days followed by a calm sea that had wellwishers mailing him poems on the wind to keep his morale up.A landmark in his journey was reached when he crossed the equator. As he wrote in his blog: \"After 15 days of solitude, whale and dolphin sightings, weaving through fishermen's minefields, squalls and days of being becalmed, we crossed the equator at 0505 hrs India time on the 16th day of November 2012. A short distance before the crossing, the boat paralleled out, sailed some distance along the equator and was blessed one last time by the Northern Hemisphere with a mild shower. Soon after that we officially crossed over to the other hemisphere where there is more sea than land, less wars and even less politics, where the wind blows the right way for all the wrong reasons...From now on, my world is guaranteed to be lived upside down.\"He also speaks about the encounters on the way \u00e2\u20ac\u201d picking up a few extra passengers (two dragonflies, a grasshopper and a sparrow) as well as going for days without seeing another human being: \"I remember the last time I saw a real human face, but that memory, too, is fading. It was sometime before crossing the equator. A Sri Lankan fishing boat that was perhaps 10 miles away from us pulled up for a closer look. I wonder at their coquettish curiosity that makes them burn so much fuel and in the end all they do is ask for a stick of cigarette. But when you are alone in a boat and something like this pulls up just metres from you, it sure does leave you a bit jittery.\"Tomy is now near the Tasmanian coast and heading into the South Pacific: \"Till now the voyage has been a race into the sun, sailing south, seeking a path through the weather that its passage cleared up. But from now on, almost for another month till I round the Horn, our paths will diverge with the sun heading northward while we go further down till at least 56 degrees.\" For the rest of the journey, he says he's going to follow the advice sent to him by Vice-admiral Manohar Awati, who has spearheaded the project since inception and forms a part of the mission's core team along with Tomy's mentor Cdr Dilip Donde and the boat's builder Ratnakar Dandekar. \"The message read 'Bash on. Regardless',\" he says. \"And that's exactly what I'm going to do till I reach home.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17724485", "title": "Petitioner's statement against Jethmalani recorded", "text": "KANPUR: Chief metropolitan magistrate of kanpur nagar, NK Pandey recorded the statement of petitioner Sandeep Shukla in a case against former law minister and noted lawyer Ram Jehtmalani for his comments against lord Ram on Saturday.Court recorded the statement of the petitioner under section 200 CrPC and fixed next date as January 16 for evidence.Sandeep Shukla narrated the version of his petition and alleged that statement given by senior BJP leader had hurt the sentiments of several Hindus. His comments for Lord Ram were indecent. Speaking at a function to launch a book on man-woman relationship on January 9 last, Jethmalani had said, \"Ram was a bad husband. I don't like him at all. Just because some fisherman said something, he sent that poor woman (Sita) to exile.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "17726762", "title": "Probe into horticulture student's suicide attempt", "text": "SAMBALPUR: Departmental probe has begun in the alleged suicide attempt of a girl student of OUAT's Chipilima horticulture college, who apparently took the step after being harassed by one of her teachers. The team, led by senior professor of the OUAT Santosh Kumar Rout, spoke to several students and teachers of the college to ascertain the exact cause behind the incident. The team, comprising professor S K Panda, associate professor Ramanath Mahapatra, assistant professor Kaberi Maharana, will submit a detailed report of the finding to the dean of the OUAT on Monday.\"We are probing the harassment allegation of the student. We will submit a detailed report to the dean after returning to Bhubaneswar on Monday,\" said Rout during his visit to the college on Saturday.Source said, the second year student attempted suicide in her hostel room on December 11 by severing her blood vein with the help of a blade. She was admitted to VSS medical college hospital for treatment after her roommate discovered her lying in a pool of blood.Sources said the girl's father alleged she took the step after she was insulted by one of her teachers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17726602", "title": "Techie among 4 dead in accidents", "text": "BANGALORE: Four people, including a 34-year-old software engineer with HP died in three separate accidents in the city since Friday night.West Bengal native and HP employee Ansuka Sinha died on the spot after a Tamil Nadubound KSRTC bus rammed his motorbike on Ramamurthynagar service road late on Friday night. Ansuka was on his way to his Kaggadasapura residence when the accident happened. The driver of the bus fled from the spot. Ansuka's body has been shifted to Bowring mortuary. His parents arrived on Saturday evening.A 30-year-old homemaker riding a scooter was killed on the spot after she was knocked down by a truck on the KR Puram cable-stayed bridge on Saturday afternoon. The deceased is Subbulakshmi Rajesh , resident of Mahadevapura . KR Puram traffic police are looking for the truck driver who is at large. Subbulakshmi is survived by husband Rajesh who works in a garment factory and a sevenyear-old son.A man and his sister-in-law were killed when a BMTC bus hit the two-wheeler they were riding, near Bannerghatta on Saturday evening.Yogesh Kumar, 45, a Bannerghatta resident, was riding a motorcycle, with his sister-in-law Kumuda, 46, as pillion.The accident occurred near Bannerghatta National Park. Yogesh had a printing press in the same area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17726731", "title": "Robbers barge into Salt Lake house, loot at gunpoint", "text": "KOLKATA: Claims of adequate security arrangements in Salt Lake went for a toss on Saturday after a gang of armed goons barged into the room of a caretaker of a house in AB Block, thrashed him and stormed out with cash and jewellery unchallenged.Amitava De, the owner of the house, came to know from caretaker Mahadeb Sardar that some miscreants had scaled the boundary wall and headed for the garage at the back of the house. \"He told us that some armed miscreants rang the doorbell around 2:30am. According to him, the miscreants had attacked him when he resisted their initial bid to break into our house. He also told me that the miscreants had trained a gun on him and his family before taking away Rs 800 in cash and some jewellery. My daughter told me later that she had heard some footsteps from outside,\" De said.A complaint was lodged at Bidhannagar north police station later in the day. Police have started a probe and are trying to find out whether the miscreants were known to the caretaker. Cops are looking for answers as to how all these happened without anybody in the locality getting a hint about it and why none from the De family responded to the doorbell.Locals, however, suspect that the caretaker might have had a nexus with the miscreants and had an altercation over monetary issues. \"Or else, why would the miscreants attack the caretaker and scamper away with so little booty?\" a local argued.According to De, the caretaker, who hails from Joynagar, and his family have been staying at their house since 2003. \"No such incident has ever happened in all these years,\" he said.Security has been a prime concern for residents of the township as several cases of robbery and theft have taken place in the recent past. The Bidhannagar commissionerate has introduced mobile patrol vans and cops have been posted at all entry and exit points, but the rate of crime has refused to decline.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "ramgarh", "code": "17724510", "title": "'Hunkaar rally a flop show'", "text": "RAMGARH: Senior leader of All Jharkhand Student's Union (AJSU) and cabinet colleague of chief minister Arjun Munda , Chandra Prakash Chaudhary, called BJP's Hunkaar rally here on Friday a 'flop show'. The rally was addressed by Munda, party MP Yashwant Sinha , BJP state chief Dineshanand Goswami and social welfare minister Vimala Pradhan, among others.Chaudhary is the sitting MLA of AJSUP from Ramgarh and is the labour and employment minister in the coalition. In fact, most of the speakers targeted Chaudhary from the dias yesterday.\"The Hunkaar rally was a flop show of the BJP. Sinha fears that he may lose the 2014 elections and that explains the need for the rally,\" Chaudhary said. He however did not pass any remark on Munda.Munda too had refrained from speaking against his alliance partners in the government, although all the other speakers did so.The BJP-AJSU conflict surfaced after the latter held a mega rally in Hazaribag and blamed Sinha for poor roads. This prompted BJP to hold Friday's rally in Ramgarh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17724802", "title": "Govt trips on Telugu meet preparations", "text": "HYDERABAD: With hardly four days remaining for the much-touted fourth World Telugu Conference to be held in Tirupati, poor preparation of the state government in organising the event points to a disaster in the making. The organisers had claimed that 5,000 NRI delegates would turn up for the three-day event that was planned to celebrate Telugu language and culture, but as of Saturday, only about 250 NRI delegates have registered. The state, however, claims that 700 delegates will turn up, but this still nears nowhere the number that they promised to muster.President Pranab Mukherjee is scheduled to inaugurate the event at Tirupati on December 27. In fact, chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy as well as PCC chief Botsa Satyanarayana had wanted the all-party meeting slated to be held in New Delhi on Decemebr 28 on Telangana to be put off on the ground that it was clashing with the World Telugu Conference, and also touted that Telugu pride, language and culture was at stake. \"Tall words indeed. But why was it not followed up with action,\" wondered one official.In another blow for the conference, the postal authorities rejected the state's request for the release of a commemorative stamp on the occasion. \"We received the proposal about 20 days ago. However, we cannot honour it as it is too less a time,\" said AP postal circle philately department assistant director T V V Satyanarayana. As per rules, the proposal has to be submitted 24 months in advance. As a result, the fourth World Telugu Conference will see only a first day cover that will be released by the President. Incidentally, a commemorative stamp was released only for the first World Telugu Conference in 1975. Old-timers recalled that the first conference that was held in LB Stadium attracted about one lakh people.In other lapses, the invitations for the conference were not ready as of Saturday.\"Altogether, 5,270 delegates including 700 NRIs from Malaysia, United States of America, Kuwait, Nigeria, and Italy have registered for the event \" K V Ramanachari, advisor, culture department said.The online registration closed on December 12 but till date only about 250 participants have confirmed their participation.At the conference venue in Tirupati, confusion still persists over the transport arrangements.On Saturday, chief secretary Minnie Mathew reviewed the arrangements in Tirumala. She directed the officials to complete all the arrangements by December 25 and hand over the main venue at the SV Veterinary University to the culture department.When asked about the arrangements, Mandali Buddha Prasad, the chairman of WTC committee said, \"When the government undertakes such events, few lapses will be there, but everything will be sorted out.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17729280", "title": "Tollywood on Sachin Tendulkar\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s retirement", "text": "Master Blaster Sachin Tendulkar has announced his retirement from One Day International cricket. Although Tollywood was quick to express their blues over Tendulkar's reitrment on their Twitter account; they wished him good luck ahead of his test cricket. Tendulkar amassed 18,426 runs in 463 one-dayers at an average of 44.83 with as many as 9 hundreds in the format, including a double hundred -- the first in this form of the game.Priyamani - Heard the news about Sachin Tendulkar retiring!!!!sad news indeed!!!cricket will miss a true legend indeed!!!!Balaji Mohan - End of an era.Farewell to 'The Little Master','The Oneman army','My Childhood Hero','The Demi-God of cricket','The Legend'..Sachin TendulkarNikhil Siddhartha - Sachin Retires from One Day Matches... Its a good thing since he can reserve all his energies for test cricket and play for many more years.GV Prakash Kumar - A Legacy retires from ODI cricket .... The only reason for why I started to know about cricket and started loving it ... Sachin ...Allari Naresh - Take a bow to god of cricket....odi will no more be fun.Manchu Lakshmi - Sachin Tendulkar retires 1 day international matches. What a legend. Cricket wont be the same anymore..Srernivas Kumar - \"After #Megastar pause to films the most sad moment for me is hearing @sachin_rt's retirement frm ODIs :( :( :(", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17726315", "title": "Many Americans are into yoga in a big way, says Kali Ray", "text": "MYSORE: Yoga has a wider recognition in the western countries than in India, said Kali Ray (aka Yogini Kaliji, founder of TriYoga), here on Saturday.Speaking to STOI, she said: \"Fifteen years ago, no one knew about yoga in the US. But now, over two crore Americans practise it. There is a huge shift in awareness.\"\"Unlike earlier, Indians too are taking to yoga of late. But it needs lot of publicity,\" she added. Highlighting the benefits of vegetarian diet, she said it helps one stay healthy. Speaking on the commercialization of yoga, she said: \"Commercialization is in every field. But still, we can protect the essence of yoga by proper teaching.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17729661", "title": "Allu Arjun\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s special photo shoot", "text": "Allu Arjun has crossed the milestone of 5, 00,000+ fans on his Facebook fan page and this is the highest number of followers for any Tollywood hero on FB. On the occasion of crossing the landmark, Allu Arjun did a small photo shoot where he posed for his fans.The stylish star is also quite popular and has got a huge following in Karnataka and Kerala. The actor is currently working in Puri Jagannadh's rom-com Iddarammayilatho.Allu Arjun has started shooting for his upcoming romantic entertainer Iddarammayilatho in Bangkok. The film is directed by Puri Jagannath and has Amala Paul and Katherine in the female leads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17728964", "title": "Tippi reveals how Hitchcock tried to destroy her", "text": "Film director Sir Alfred Hitchcock was a sadistic sexual predator who devoted his 40-year career to making stars of ice-cool blondes, a new documentary has revealed.He would become fixated, fall hopelessly in love and, using his powerful position in Hollywood, try to woo them into bed via the casting couch.Whether he succeeded or failed, Hitchcock would bully them ruthlessly. Among them were Joan Fontaine , Kim Novak , Janet Leigh and his greatest infatuation of all Grace Kelly , who later became Princess Grace of Monaco.But when he plucked Tippi Hedren from obscurity, after spotting her in a TV ad for a diet drink, Hitchcock met his match.In return for a 5,000 dollars-a-week contract in the Sixties, this blonde with almost no previous acting experience was offered leading roles in two of his most successful movies, The Birds and Marnie.Their relationship quickly switched from mentor and pupil to one of love-hate. While he loved her to the point of obsession she hated him because of his unwelcome sexual advances, which she always rejected and because he was so determined to control her that he ruined her career.Their story is now being told in a 90-minute BBC2 biopic, The Girl, with Sienna Miller portraying Tippi, and Toby Jones as the east London-born Hitchcock, who died in 1980.Tippi now 82, and the mother of actress Melanie Griffith and grandmother of actress and model Dakota Johnson had no real experience as an actress, apart from her TV ads, but the Psycho director believed she had potential and was prepared to put her name in lights at a price she wasnt prepared to pay.It is only now, almost 50 years later, that Hitchcocks sexual harassment of her, physical and verbal, is being shown on screen.At first I learned a lot about acting and I found it very useful, the Daily Mail quoted her as saying.Hitchcock was inspirational to me, but things changed in a sickening way.You have to remember that this was a very different time from now and Hollywood was a very different place.Of course, sexual harassment still occurs, but there are far more safeguards in place to prevent it, far more awareness and knowledge of the dangers.In my day, the casting couch was in regular use. It was accepted, as a matter of course, that actresses would have to do certain things to get certain parts and nobody found it that surprising.He made it very clear what was expected of me, but I was equally clear that I wasnt interested.What Alfred Hitchcock did to me went way beyond that but my protests were still in vain. I told his PA, Peggy Robertson, and she did nothing, beyond trying to placate me and help get the movies finished.Nobody is denying that Hitchcock was a brilliant moviemaker and I enjoyed working with him before I realised he was starting to take an almost obsessive interest in me.He would stare at me across a room while supposedly in conversation with other people, she said.At the height of the harassment, she bumped into Hitchcocks wife, Alma, a redhead who didnt fit his sexual stereotype, who knew what all was going on.She knew full well what was going on. I said: It would just take one word from you to stop this, and she just walked away, with a glazed look in her eyes, she said.I felt helpless to stop what was going on, thought it pointless to try and tell anybody else about it, but unable to get away from the situation I was in.Hitchcock had me signed to a contract before I had even met him, and had me tied to another contract, after I finished working on Marnie, which was designed to prevent me from working for anybody else, even though he didnt cast me in any more of his productions.He trapped me and ruined my career. Producers would ring up I know the great French filmmaker Francois Truffaut was one of them offering me parts and Hitchcock would simply tell them that I wasnt available.I was heartbroken when I heard the offers he had turned down on my behalf, she said.Tippi has no qualms about undermining the image of a man who brought joy to millions with not only,Marnie and The Birds but other classic suspense movies like Psycho, North By Northwest and Vertigo.It is a true and accurate story that needed to be told, she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17725538", "title": "3 psychopath killers held in Patna", "text": "PATNA: A special team of Patna police led by Patna City DSP Chandan Kushwaha late on Friday night carried out a raid at Begam ki Haveli in Bakshi locality under Khajekallan police station and arrested three psychopath killers from there. Police also recovered firearms, live cartridges, cellphones, besides motorcycles, said SSP Amrit Raj on Saturday.The arrested youth have been identified as Chandan Singh, Pintoo Singh alias Arvind Kumar and Sivten Raja, the SSP said, adding he had directed Patna SP (city) Jayant Kant to carry out raid at the house of Chandan Singh, a suspected accused in a murder case, and lodge a case with the Alamganj police station on December 18and arrested three psychopath killers from there.The SSP said the police team recovered four automatic foreign pistols, nine live cartridges, seven cellphones, besides two motorcycles from the possession of the arrested criminals. The arrested criminals had created a reign of terror in the entire Patna city on the prodding of jailed gangster, Kundan Singh Raj said they used to assemble at night and after boozing, they would murder innocent persons. He said the arrested criminals had opened fire on November 1 at a cracker trader causing him injuries at Mirgulabi Bagh under Khajekallan police station. Recently, they had also assaulted the employees of a supermarket for extortion under Khajekallan police station. The SSP said the third incident that these arrested criminals carried out at their operation at Begam ki Haveli locality under Khajekallan police station and shot dead a thelaa-puller on November 9, 2012. He said that the fourth killing was carried out at Paschim Darwaza locality under Alamganj police station on December 17, 2012 where the arrested criminals shot dead a lensman without any reason.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17725527", "title": "Rajiv Gandhi\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcwife\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 applies for, gets his death certificate", "text": "CHENNAI: Intelligence agencies are on a wild goose chase after a woman walked away recently from the sub-registrar's office in Sriperumbudur, 40km from Chennai, with the death certificate of former Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi, claiming she was his wife.Sub-registrar Ramalingam issued the papers to the woman who identified herself as Sabeen Firdous from Hyderabad.The Kancheepuram district authorities have ordered a departmental probe into the incident after news leaked out about the mystery claimant. The probe will look into the procedures followed before issuing the certificate.\"Death certificates are not confidential papers, but what has caused discomfiture is that she claimed to be Rajiv Gandhi's wife,\" said a revenue official.In her application, the woman mentioned her age as 50 and her place of residence as Dada Sahib Road, Hyderabad.Sources said special teams were inquiring if such a person resides at the address.Officials from the state and central intelligence wings visited the sub-registrar's office in Sriperumbudur. Sources in the office said they had informed higher officials before Ramalingam issued the death certificate.Rajiv Gandhi was killed by a human bomb on May 21, 1991, while addressing an election rally in Sriperumbudur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17726392", "title": "Cops track mahilamandir runaways", "text": "KOCHI: Raising concerns about the safety of various inmates in destitute homes run by the government, four girls escaped from the mahilamandir at Tripunithura on Friday night. Later, police teams that were on night patrol found them in separate parts of the city on Saturday and brought them back to mahilamandir, an institution for destitute women run by social welfare department where victims of sex scandals, including the Kothamangalam case, reside.On Friday night when rest of the inmates were asleep, these women stole the matron's dormitory key and mobile phone. Then they locked the dormitory and escaped. \"Later the matron woke up and found that four women had escaped. She raised an alarm and some locals came to help. The matron also approached the police,\" said Hill Palace SI P R Santhose. \"We sent an alert to the patrol team. Two women were found from Vyttila mobility hub while others were found near Panangad,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17726023", "title": "Ganja, liquor sachets thrown inside jail yard", "text": "BELGAUM: On Saturday morning, at around 6.45am, some unidentified miscreants threw three packets filled with ganja, and three liquor sachets inside Hindalga jail. The ganja weighed 365 gm. Jailer Shivapura who came across the packets handed it over to jail authorities. \"We have taken the case very seriously and told our staff both inside and outside the prison to be alert. A detail report will be sent to higher ups in Bangalore,\" added Veerabhadra Swamy, Jail Superintendent, Hindalga Jail.The jail has several criminals on death row. Raids on the premises have seen recovery of drugs, weapons, liquor and cellphones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17724970", "title": "Rape victims seldom put up a fight", "text": "LUCKNOW: She was shifted to Balrampur, 150 km away from her family and friends six years back. She was just 13 then and the stigma of the incident that shook the innocent girl and her family as much as it shook citizens of Lucknow, has not left her.Like Zahira, the Ashiana girl who was abducted and gang-raped six years back, several other rape victims face double whammy of sorts. Fair trial and justice are unimaginable as the victims, particularly the poor, have to change identities to get their normal lives back on track.\"Incidents of rape have been reported more from rural areas. Families look at rape of a kin as a curse and relocate. In some cases, the family takes decision to fight against the accused who are sons or nephews of local musclemen,\" said Madhu Garg, a member of All India Democratic Women's Association (AIDWA) who is active in rural belts of Lucknow. The figures available with police corroborate Garg's views to some extent. Out of the total 38 cases of rape reported to the district police, 19 were from rural belts on the outskirts of the city. R K Chaturvedi, senior superintendent of police Lucknow said in most cases, women who had gone out to attend nature's call in the evening hours away from their villages, were targeted.\"We have told men from their families to be around at such times,\" added Chaturvedi.These are just a handful of cases out of the total number of cases reported to the police, maintain activists. Garg cites an example of police apathy, an incident that was reported in 2011. \"A 17-year-old dalit girl was found dead at Malhaur area in Chinhat. Though there were injuries on her body, the post mortem report did not mention rape. Another autopsy was conducted which established that the girl was raped and strangulated.\"Also, the actual number of cases will be much higher than 38 incidents registered by the police as only a few families come forward to report cases of rape or sexual assaults, added Garg. She also said that a significant number of rape victims will be sent somewhere else by their families after preliminary police investigations.Even though cases of rape may be fewer in the urban pockets of Lucknow, women remain equally vulnerable with frequent incidents of eve teasing and assaults reported. On Thursday, a girl accused her uncle of sexual harassment in Sarojininagar area.Last week, in separate incidents, two women from cis-Gomti had complained to the police of sexual exploitation by men who had promised to marry them.A helpline 1090 was set up to handle cases of crank calling across the state. The enormity of the problem could be gauged from the fact that an average of 1200 to 1500 calls are made by women every day on the helpline.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17725657", "title": "Chedda Nagar hold Mumbai Railway Police", "text": "MUMBAI: Chedda Nagar Pro and Mumbai Railway Police shared honours in a 1-1 draw in a second division match of the Mumbai District Football Association League at St Xavier's ground, Parel, on Saturday evening. Sudhir Hola scored for Chedda Nagar, while Mahesh Mrate struck for the policemen.Earlier in the afternoon, Datta Krida Mandal overcame Clint FC by a 2-1 margin. Kunal Chavan and Craig Viegas were on target for the victors, while Reegan Pitambar got the lone goal for the losers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17726357", "title": "Task force on goods and services tax reconstituted", "text": "PANAJI: The government of Goa has reconstituted the task force committee to study and examine the state-level issues relating to the draft law on proposed goods and services tax (GST) system consisting of representatives of trade, industry and professionals.The task force is chaired by Y S Poi Bir. It has various members including representatives of the Goa chamber of commerce and industry, Goa small industries association, tourism and travel association of Goa, etc.The committee while preparing the draft law shall take into consideration the suggestions made by the empoweredcommittee secretariat, and/or the ministry of finance , government of India, in its general applicability in intra-state or inter-state transaction and general policy of government of India, on import and export.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17724311", "title": "Vintage wheels on a roll", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Time travel to 50 years back and watch classics like Rolls Royce, Jaguar XK 140, Buick , the Hudson Essex, Austin, Lincoln and Morris Minor up and close. One of the first extensive vintage and classic car exhibitions is ready to mesmerize the citizens for just a day on Sunday. These fine specimens that belong to the classic age of automobile engineering are giving the modern counterparts a run for money.Talking about the initiative, Subodh Nath, founder member, GVCCC, said that earlier, the club had held a rally in April this year and had later held an exhibition to coincide with the world heritage week celebrations last month.\"However, the core idea of the club is to bring vintage car owners and enthusiasts to a common platform and create awareness about the automobiles. We thus decided to hold an extensive exhibition and share it with citizens of Ahmedabad. Cars from places like Gondal, Rajkot and Surat have participated,\" he said.Organizers said that while the number of known cars hover around 100, a hundred more might be in dilapidated conditions somewhere or other. \"We want to clear the air that more than a hobby, the maintenance of such cars is also a matter of passion and pride. Don't let your vintage car get neglected. With little investment, it can be an invaluable asset,\" said a club member. The officials said that they intend to make the exhibition an annual affair with inclusion of cars from all over the country.Debashish Nayak, heritage expert, said that many of the vintage and classic cars have fascinating tales. \"I have recommended the club to compile a story along with each car's specifications and come out with a book,\" he said.The city already boasts of Pranlal Bhogilal's world-class vintage car museum at Kathwada.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17725208", "title": "Spotlight on global Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: Gurgaon came under the spotlight as a global city at a convention held here on Thursday. Among the invited speakers was former chief election commissioner of India S Y Quraishi.The national convention titled, 'Mission Global Gurgaon', was organized by REDCO Haryana, an apex body of private developers in the state, in association with the Gurgaon Renewal Mission, an initiative of the DLF Foundation, organized a national convention, titled 'Mission Global Gurgaon', on Thursday. The main aim of the event was to discuss the challenges being faced by the city.Calling it a Gurgaon-specific movement by a coalition of partners comprising business houses, the government and prominent citizens and the residents' welfare associations (RWAs), former chief election commissioner of India S Y Quraishi said, \"Urbanization is the index of development and development means that the standard of living has improved. The community and government have come together for a great cause wherein education, women's empowerment issues will be taken into account.\"Convener of REDCO Haryana, Colonel (Retd) Prithvi Nath, said Gurgaon is a global village without any boundaries of state, nation or religion and it is all set to become the first global city.Lt-Gen (Retd) Rajender Singh said, \"Over the past 10 to 15 years Gurgaon has developed into a major economic hub and truly boasts of many world-class facilities. There are, however, a number of challenges which still need to be addressed before the city can truly become a Smart City.\"He added that Gurgaon needs to become a city with a soul, which not only cares for its citizens but also looks after the needs of all sections of society, including the underprivileged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17724456", "title": "Trafficking a disgrace to society, says Jharkhand governor Syed Ahmad", "text": "RANCHI: Jharkhand governor Syed Ahmad has said morality should be a necessary part of education for the kids. \"Our coming generations will have strong values and sense of morality only when we teach it to them from the beginning,\" he said.The governor was speaking at a seminar organized on the theme \"Initiative to combat trafficking of women and girls: State accountability and community action\", here on Saturday.Pointing out that trafficking of women and girls is a disgrace for society, the governor said: \"Our state along with other states is suffering from the menace. It is useless to imagine development in the society without providing due security to the women.\"Speaking on the occasion, minister of social welfare and child development Vimla Pradhan said the state government had taken several steps to support the development of girls.\"We are working to ensure that women of Jharkhand get work in their own state. Mukhyamantri Kanyadan Yojna, Ladli Laxmi Yojna and other programmes have been launched by government for the same,\" Pradhan said.Sushma Kapoor, DPRD UN Women from the South Asia Regional office, termed trafficking as an organized crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17725682", "title": "Action against doctors for GT Hospital death", "text": "MUMBAI: After doctors from St George and GT hospitals were found negligent following the death of Bhiku Tambe (65), dean of JJ Hospital Dr T P Lahane said the term of two resident doctors from St George Hospital had been suspended.Tambe had collapsed after a pulmonary CT angiography at GT Hospital.\"Their MD degrees will now be three-and-half years instead of three. They will serve the last six months without salary,\" he said. While Dr Ayaz Ahmed was found guilty of suggesting tests without checking Tambe's fitness level, Dr H T Tejas kept the dead patient in ICU for three hours. The casualty medical officer of GT, Dr Subhash Bind, was also suspended for handing over the body to St George Hospital without conducting autopsy. Authorities plan to push for radiologist Dr Jaishil Shah's registration to be cancelled for unduly injecting Tambe with a beta blocker.Contract of the honorary head of medicine department of St George has been ended.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17727975", "title": "Review: LG Optimus Vu and Lenovo K860", "text": "The Samsung Galaxy Note was a game changer. The device, with its 5.3-inch screen, made it cool to be seen with a phone-tablet hybrid - the phablet - and the Note II only improved on the form factor with a stellar hardware upgrade. But rivals are already nipping at Samsung's heels. We take a look at two new quad-core phablets to see if they have what it takes to compete with the Note II.LG Optimus VuPhablets are supposed to be large, but the Vu is just humongous. This is mainly due to its squarer 4:3 screen. The '5-inch' size of phone screens is a diagonal measurement; so this proportion is always going to make for a wider display when compared to other 5-inch devices that use the widescreen 16:9 aspect ratio.What we likeThe Vu's big screen boasts of very good legibility - whether it's reading or web browsing - even in direct sunlight. Photos, movies and games are rendered with rich colours and the right amount of saturation. On the flip side, the 4:3 aspect ratio causes all widescreen apps and videos to be displayed in Letterbox mode with black bands on either side. Still, this is not a deal-breaker . The Optimus Vu offers great overall performance. It played FullHD videos smoothly, handled highdef games with aplomb, and multitasking is seamless. The camera clicks good pictures, but the Vu really shines in video recording, with a powerful microphone that captures clear audio with less ambient disturbances.What we don't likeThe phone is just too wide. It's unwieldy to hold during a phone call and can prove to be uncomfortable for people with average to smaller-sized hands. There's a shortcut button on the top of the Vu that lets you access Notes, the app where you can pen notes quickly with the accompanying stylus. Strangely, the phone does not have a slot to carry the stylus. At its price, I expect the Vu to come with a battery that lasts from morning till night, but the Vu doesn't deliver, lasting less than 10 hours in the day.Lenovo K860With its dominance in the PC market, Lenovo's entry into the mobile market carries with it a lot of expectation. But does the K860 - the cheapest quad-core phablet around - have what it takes to challenge old hands like Samsung and LG?What we likeThe K860 promises bang for your buck. Its performance matches other quad-cores , handling everything we threw at it: FullHD videos, high-def games, heavy-duty multitasking. Starting at 100% at 9am, the battery didn't need charging till 11pm even after a day of 3G gaming, plenty of phone calls, an hour of music, mild GPS usage and lots of web browsing. For reading, the K860 is the best of the lot, and this is despite the screen's black levels not being as dark as those on the Note II. Its higher ppi (pixels per inch) ratio makes the fonts appear smoother.What we don't likeWhile it is the smallest in size, the K860 is by far the heaviest phablet of the three, and isn't comfortable for phone calls. The rear camera protrudes, so it can never be laid flat on a table. This leads to a lot of noisy shaking if the phone vibrates on a table when you receive a call. Such build quality just isn't worth the money that the K860 demands. We're used to seeing such fabrication on phones costing between 15,000 and 20,000. On a premium device, it's a no-no . Apart from the build quality failings, Lenovo has overlaid the beautiful Android v4 Ice Cream Sandwich interface with a custom skin that's unappealing. It's baffling why Lenovo would tweak it only to make it worse. The interface is garish (most prominent in the phone dialer) and the custom icons for common apps aren't classy. In short, the software and hardware of the K860 only makes me want to think of excuses to not use it.In conclusionThe Note II marries hardware and software better than any of the other phablets. Features like the stylus, the split screen and S Note app really maximise the utility of a large screen, making it the best purchase among these three. The Optimus Vu is for those who want larger screen real estate. Step into a shop and actually use it; if it doesn't seem too large to you and doesn't strain your hand, it's a good device to buy. If you absolutely must have a quad-core phablet, but the price of the Note II is too high and the Vu seems too large, then the Lenovo K860 is a decent buy; but really, you would be better served by the Samsung Galaxy S3, which retails in the same price range.Look out for our reviews of budget phablets next weekbeing as dark as those on the Note II. Its higher ppi (pixels per inch) ratio makes the fonts appear smoother.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17726320", "title": "More women cops in colleges, public places: Satej Patil", "text": "PUNE: Minister of state for home Satej Patil said here on Saturday that the government has drafted a proposal to deploy women police constables at public places and on college campuses to curb incidents of eve-teasing. He also said the government plans to recruit over 63,000 police personnel to strengthen the force.Patil was speaking to reporters at Congress Bhavan after inaugurating a photography exhibition. The event was organised by the Pune Congress committee to celebrate the 127th foundation day of the party.\"The state government has decided to take various steps to curb incidents of eve-teasing. We will deploy more women police constables at public places and colleges. The government also plans to recruit over 63,000 police personals to strengthen the force,\" he said.Patil said that the proposal for police recruitment would be placed before the state cabinet in the next few days. When asked about insufficient police force in cities like Pune, he said that the government has taken serious note of the shortfall. \"We will ensure that the new police recruitment takes place as soon as possible,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17725225", "title": "Municipal Commission of Gurgaon campaign continues, to demolish only new structures", "text": "GURGAON: A day after a mob attacked the officials of the Municipal Commission of Gurgaon (MCG), who had gone to demolish an illegal structure in Sheetla Colony, MCG authorities have decided to continue the drive against illegal construction within the 900-metre IAF depot area.On Saturday, the civic body demolished one such structure in Sukhrali Enclave. The authorities said they would strictly follow the high court order to not allow any new construction in the area.The MCG also clarified that only the new structures which are being built in the restricted zone will be demolished. \"We feel there are rumour-mongers who are trying to spread panic among the residents that all old and existing structures too will be demolished. However, we want to clarify that only those structures that are being newly built will be brought down. The high court has clearly stated that no new construction can take place in this zone,\" said a senior MCG official.\"Despite asking residents not to undertake any new construction, they continue to do so and on top of it, they are attacking our team that demolishes such illegal structures. We again request the residents not to carry out any construction work, failing which we will have to register FIRs against them, as it will be contempt of court if we do not take any action against the defaulters,\" he said.Meanwhile, municipal commissioner Vijay Singh Dahiya held a meeting with senior officials from the Dakshin Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam (DHBVN) and asked them to remove and relocate all electric poles that are obstructing the process of widening of roads in many areas, especially in the old city. He has also deputed senior MCG officials to start collecting fine from commercial establishments which are still using polythene bags.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17724642", "title": "Hyderabad hospitals get shot in the arm with cutting-edge tech", "text": "HYDERABAD: The city's booming healthcare industry is all set for a revolution with plans to get a sizeable chunk of patients from traditional medical hubs in 2013 with the help of cutting-edge technology like new-age angioplasties, advanced equipment and customised mobile applications.Hyderabad has always attracted patients from Kolkata, Bhubaneswar and the northeastern parts of the country. Hospitals now contemplate targeting patients from southern neighbours and bigger metros as well.At the moment, 20-25% of patients in corporate hospitals in the city are coming from other states and by mid-2013, this number is going to increase significantly, says the AP Specialty Hospitals' Association (ASHA), which puts the industrial growth for next year to at least 15% with the help of new technology. Around 1,000 new beds would be added to the 6,000 beds available currently, officials from ASHA said. \"There is need for an additional 4,000 beds to meet the rising demand,\" Dr B Bhaskar Rao, president of ASHA, said.The cost of healthcare in Delhi, Mumbai and Bangalore is very high. Compared to Delhi and Mumbai, it is 30%-40% less in Hyderabad where hospitals are better equipped, said health experts. \"Technology available is the best in Hyderabad. We have four Novalis TX radiation treatment equipment, five Pet Scans and 30-40 cath labs unlike anywhere in the country. The number of Robots is on par with Delhi,\" said Dr Rao.Besides, the accommodation and transportation expenditure is also cheaper here. While a lot of patients are attracted to Hyderabad because of the cost factor and reputation of doctors, a lot also come based on word- -of-mouth publicity.As part of their plans to cut down on the number of visits patients have to make to Hyderabad, hospitals here are planning to dispense medical advice through mobile phones. Hospitals like LivLife have a mobile application that helps patients fix appointment, change appointment and all the details about their surgeries. Since the hospital specializes in bariatric (weight reduction) surgery, the application also allows patients to upload current pictures and see their prospective one 30 kilos down.\"Currently around 15% of the patients are utilizing the application,\" said Dr Nandakishore Dukkipati, a bariatric surgeon there.Many hospitals have started electronic health record online portal that provides patients with secure access to their medical records and lab results. Patients are being given unique ID which they can access and store all the records.\"There is no need to carry hard copies of X Rays, CT Scans and other investigations when you visit the doctor. Doctors can open the records and see the patient's past history on the laptop and give treatment accordingly,\" said a specialist.Dr Shiv Kumar, cardiologist at Apollo Hospitals, said that several healthcare facilities in Hyderabad are well equipped. By 2013, the hospital plans to launch a mobile application that helps heart attack patients have their cardiac information sent directly from the ambulance to the emergency department prior to the patient's arrival.\"Currently, by the time the patient reaches the hospital, doctor does not know the ECG,\" he said. He added that 30-40% of the patients at Apollo are from other parts of the country and across the globe as well.Similarly, Yashoda Hospitals, which has three units in the city are banking on minimally invasive surgeries to attract more patients in 2013. \"Joint replacement surgeries, including knee, hip and shoulder replacements are being successfully performed for patients around the country and globe. Other than Minimally invasive cardiac surgeries, cardiology procedures like cardiac angioplasty and stenting will remain our focus,\" said a Yashoda hospital spokesman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17726705", "title": "For women around the world", "text": "AHMEDABAD: \"I might disperse the southern clouds, I might drain out the sea, I might cure the incurable sick, But I cannot convince a fool.\" Back in the 14th century when Kashmiri seer and mystic Lalleshwari (Lalla or Lal Ded) spoke of the rigidness of the mind in changing bad habits \u00e2\u20ac\u201d whether one's own or of those around us \u00e2\u20ac\u201d her verses rang true of the continuous atrocities meted out to women and the pointless need for women to stick to societal norms, no matter how painful the circumstances or which century it may be. Remembering Lalla and her fight for freedom from taboos and boundaries could not have come at a more appropriate time when the entire nation is protesting against the horrendous gang rape in Delhi.The three-day Vikram Sarabhai International Arts Festival from December 28 dedicates its 37th edition to women across India.\"Staging 'Women with broken wings' and 'And Lalla sang' is an effort to educate and eradicate violence against women in all spheres,\" says Mallika Sarabhai. \"Both performances are at opposite ends: the former focusing on murdered women and the evil practice of dowry, and the latter bringing to light a woman who \u00e2\u20ac\u201din another age and time \u00e2\u20ac\u201d chose her own path of life in search of God,\" she adds.'Women with broken wings' will be touring India in the coming months.'And Lalla sang' is a tribute to a free-spirited woman who questioned life and truth, and her Vach (sayings) which were verbally passed down to generations of Kashmiris are being transformed into a multimedia performance by Sarabhai and Yadavan Chandran on December 28 and 29 at Natarani. The performers from Darpana will be accompanied by Portuguese cellist Alfredo de Magalhaes and Australian DJ Jesse Sullivan.Created and performed by Elizabeth Sombart of Resonance Foundation together with Sarabhai and Chandran, 'Women of broken wings' delves into the nine stages of a woman \u00e2\u20ac\u201d from girlhood to death. This will be performed on December 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17728840", "title": "Didn't cancel honeymoon for Nach says Karan", "text": "Of late, media was abuzz with Star Plus' much awaited dance reality show Nach Baliye. Finally, Contestants and their 'Baliyes' are ready to sizzle on screen with three charming judges from 29th of December.The channel left no stone unturned to make their aspiring show, a talk of the town. However, some publicity stunts created by the channel left a contestant on a laughter riot. Our readers must be aware of a small piece of news on newly married Karan Mehra and beautiful Nisha Rawal Mehra.The buzz was that both these beautiful personalities have canceled their honeymoon for participating in Nach Baliye this season, Clearing on the same Karan states, \"I and Nisha both were laughing when we read this news of cancelling our honeymoon. We never canceled our honeymoon but we never planned the same as we were aware about our participation in Nach Baliye before our wedding.\"\"We plan everything accordingly, as I was aware about our marriage a year back; accordingly, I had informed our producer for ten days of leave. So this statement makes no sense that we canceled something. The fact is that we never planned it,\" shares Karan.Karan goes on, \"One more piece made me giggle that I am leaving Yeh Rishta... as I am participating in Nach Baliye which is untrue.\"Thanks Karan for sharing with us!!!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17726233", "title": "Meritorious students to get scholarships today", "text": "MANGALORE: Karnataka Zakath and Charitable Trust (KZCT) will distribute scholarship to 2,500 poor Muslim students, who are pursuing higher education in Dakshina Kannada, Udupi and Uttar Kannada districts, at a programme to be held at Loyola Hall here on December 23.KZCT Karnataka in-charge Yasir Ahmed told reporters that they have plans to distribute scholarship to the tune of Rs 3.35 crore to poor Muslim students in the state. \"We have already distributed Rs 1.86 crore at various district headquarters in the state. KZCT is a community social enterprise founded by entrepreneur Khalil Ahmed. The Trust believes that empowerment of underprivileged sections through education is a sure formula to eliminate poverty, establish social justice and thereby help in the nation building effort of our country,\" Yasir said.Hyderabad Zakath and Charitable Trust chairman Giyasuddin Babukhan and KZCT chairman Khaleel Ahmed will distribute scholarship to students, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17726484", "title": "Litigation delays labour cess decision", "text": "NASHIK: The decision on recovery of labour cess by the Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation from all industries in a blanket manner has been delayed due to litigation in the Bombay high court.Deputy labour commissioner of Nashik division R S Jadhav said, \"The Wardha-based power company has already filed a plea in the high court, Mumbai, against MIDC on labour cess.\"The industrial associations have been alleging that Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC) has been recovering the wrong cess from the companies, including the industries registered in Labour Act. The industrial associations of AIMA and Nashik Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (NIMA) have raised the issue several times at the meeting of Zilla Udyog Mitra, but the row has yet not been settled.Earlier, president of NIMA Dhananjay Bele, said, \"We have been demanding that the commissioner and the corporation exempt companies registered under the Factory Act from the cess. Companies under the Factory Act have been excluded from the cess, but MIDC recovers cess nevertheless. During a recent state-level meeting of Rajya Udyog Mitra, the labour department had clarified that companies which are under the Factory Act are not applicable for paying cess. We had informed the MIDC to follow up the labour department's guidelines.\"The MIDC charges labour cess of 1% of the total construction cost from industries. The cess is collected while sanctioning construction plans. The revenue collected through labour cess is deposited directly into the accounts of Maharashtra Building and Other Construction Workers Board.The industrial associations have been alleging that MIDC has been recovering the wrong cess from the companies, including the industries registered in Labour Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "bhuj", "code": "17724282", "title": "23 Siberian cranes die in Kutch", "text": "BHUJ: At least 23 cranes from Siberia have been found dead in Bhudia village near Jakhau in Kutch on Saturday. Every year during this time of the year several species of migratory birds, including Siberian cranes, migrate to India in thousands.Postmortem of the dead birds has revealed the presence of pesticide in their blood and vital organs. One seriously affected bird has been rushed to the rescue centre of the forest department, Atul Dave, RFO, Naliya South, said. Amad Sanghar, sarpanch of Bhudia in Abdassa taluka of Kutch district, had informed the forest department about the dead cranes in the forest area of the village.Villagers offer wheat seeds to these migratory birds when they arrive in their fields during the wheat harvesting season. However, these wheat seeds had pesticide in them, which made the birds vomit and become motionless, a villager said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "17724529", "title": "District offices fail to process passport in time", "text": "SINDRI: Although the central government has taken several steps to ensure the prompt processing of passport applications with passport application collection centres at district headquarters, Sushil Chandra of Sindri is ruing his fate for using the district route for a passport instead of applying directly to the state passport office. His passport application has not been processed even after a year of submission.According to professor R L Prasad, father of Shushil, the passport application was submitted to the district passport application centre of the passport cell of Dhanbad collectorate on October 21, 2011 along with a demand draft of Rs 1000 and the receipt number of his application was 0322/11. He even got the police verification of his son done before submitting the application so that the same could be processed fast. When he did not get any information about the passport, he again approached the district police office which enquired about the status of the application from the passport cell of the district administration on April 3, 2012. But neither did he get any information nor the passport.Having failed to get any clue about his application, he hired the services of an advocate who allegedly after some under the table dealings, handed him the xerox copy of an official letter of the passport office in which the deputy collector in-charge of the passport cell had written to the Dhanbad SP to submit verification report in respect to the father of the applicant. The deputy collector in-charge of the passport cell of the district administration through his letter no-67 dated 14/7/2012 had requested Dhanbad SP to submit the verification report of the service tenure of the father of the applicant, if he is in government service as per the directives of the DC. If Prasad is to be believed, this letter has still not been sent to either the SP's office or to him so that he can submit requisite papers. Needless to say that Shushil, a qualified engineer working with HCL is still waiting for his passport.Jagbandhu Mahtha, the deputy collector in-charge of district passport cell, admitted that it was almost next impossible to get a passport application processed from this office. Rules of clearing an application is so strict nowadays that no one wants to clear it without getting all the facts verified, he said .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "17725679", "title": "Punjabi relegated to back seat in educational institutions, says Pakistani singer", "text": "JALANDHAR: Pakistani singer Arif Lohar believes Punjabi language faces a threat and was being relegated to the back seat even by educational institutions in India as well as Pakistan.Speaking to TOI on Friday evening before a performance organized in Phagwara, organized by Sher-e-Punjab Foundation, Arif admitted that Punjabi was being relegated to the back seat in schools. \"But Punjabi music is so rich and has become so popular that the language would survive through music, even as there are strong apprehensions among litterateurs and other quarters that stepmotherly treatment to Punjabi at the grooming age of children would reduce the base of Punjabi,\" argued Arif, who has also been performing for the \"Aman Ki Asha\" campaign.He admitted that in the prevailing atmosphere in school education several Punjabi words were disappearing from the vocabulary. During his performance also, he said, several traditional Punjabi words and names of articles which have been an important part of Punjabi folk songs were now only in the hearts of people. He said that Punjabi language, literature and music were very rich and Punjabis should rather feel proud of these, rather than inculcating any inferiority complex among children about it.He told that he had earlier performed in Chandigarh but never in Punjab here. He demanded that visa conditions should be relaxed at least for celebrated and state honoured artistes of both the countries - India and Pakistan. \"People on both the sides, especially in Punjabs have been showering respect and affection on the artistes of either side,\" he added.During a concert in Hyderabad there was big response when I presented Punjabi songs, he said. On Friday Arif started his performance with his most popular number - \"Jugni\" and then \"Bol Mitti Dia Bawia\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "17726860", "title": "Brothers kill woman on wedding day", "text": "KANNUR: Instead of being with her husband on her wedding night, Khadeeja (27) ended up in a morgue on Saturday.The police are now hunting for her brothers, Ismail and Firoz, who allegedly hacked her to death and injured her lover, minutes before their nikah in Mattanur on Saturday.Police said a dispute over property ended in the murder. The brothers, reportedly Popular Front of India activists, had fled the scene after the crime.Khadeeja, earlier married to Noushad, of Shahida Manzil at Padikachal near Uliyil, had separated recently, and entered into a relationship with Shahul Hameed, a Kozhikode native and her neighbour. Police said she had recently approached them with a complaint against her lover Shahul and it was following their intervention that he agreed to marry her.Police suspect that Khadeeja's refusal to transfer her properties to Ismail and Feroz had led to the murder. On Saturday, Hameed went to Khadeeja's house for the wedding. It was then the brothers killed her. The groom, whosuffered minor injuries, has been admitted to the district hospital here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17724951", "title": "Will selectors pick Sachin Tendulkar for Pakistan ODI series?", "text": "MUMBAI: While the debate over Sachin Tendulkar's form and his continued presence in the Indian team rages on, the Indian selectors led by Sandeep Patil could have another googly in store for them as they meet in Mumbai on Sunday to pick the squad for the two-match T20 series and the three-match ODI series against Pakistan.Reports have emerged that the veteran 39-year-old, who last played for India in the Asia Cup in Dhaka, has made himself available for ODIs. It remains to be seen if the selectors, already under pressure to crack the whip on non-performers after India's 1-2 reversal in the Test series against England, will send out a veiled message to Tendulkar and some other members who featured in the failed campaign in Tests, by dropping them from the ODI team and telling them to hand over the baton to the younger crop.The selection for the T20 series should be a cakewalk for the selectors though, as one doesn't expect too many changes from the team that was picked for the two T20 matches against England.The ODI team is where the selectors will have to break their heads and be prepared to make some strong calls if they have to start building a side for the 2015 World Cup in Australia and New Zealand. It is unlikely that both Tendulkar and Virender Sehwag, one of the most destructive and successful opening pairs in ODIs, will feature in that tournament where India will be the defending champions.The inclusion of the two veterans is also expected to weaken the fielding, something which skipper MS Dhoni was very vocal about when the team played in the ODI series in Australia.After his world record 219 against West Indies in Indore last December, Sehwag has done little of note in ODIs and was even 'rested' for the Asia Cup that followed a failed campaign in the tri-series Down Under, where he missed more games than he played, thanks to a bizarre rotation policy.While some reports indicate that Tendulkar won't be picked for the ODIs, starting in Chennai on December 30, there is also a school of thought which suggests that the out-of-form batsman could rediscover his touch by playing freely in the ODIs before the big home Test series against Australia and hence he should be allowed to play the 50-over format.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17724759", "title": "Auto driver plays good Samaritan", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a gesture of honesty shown by an autorickshaw driver from Old City, a woman got back important documents related to her son's medical treatment after she left it in the vehicle by mistake.Radha, who hails from Kothagudam, is getting her son treated for brain tumour at a city hospital. During noon, she along with her son hired an auto from Uppuguda and asked the driver, Mohammed Azeem, a resident of Chandrayangutta, to drop them at Charminar.After reaching, she forgot to take her bag, which had her son's medical reports and her personal belongings and proceeded towards a corporate hospital in Malakpet, where her son was being treated. It was then that Radha realised her mistake.According to Vijay Kumar, an additional inspector at Charminar PS, the panic-stricken woman approached the police and urged them to help her get the bag, when she got a call from the driver saying that the bag was with him. But, within an hour, Azeem, son of a rickshaw puller who has never gone to school, arrived at the police station to return the bag.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17725234", "title": "Discoms aim at 20-hour supply a day", "text": "GURGAON: The Haryana Power Distribution Utilities will begin a 'Power Distribution System Improvement Campaign' from January 1 to ensure at least 20 hours of power supply every day to consumers in both rural and urban areas where line losses are reduced substantially.The decision was taken by state power minister Ajay Singh Yadav during the monthly review meeting of the Haryana Power Distribution Utilities.Yadav said that under the campaign 14 hours of uninterrupted power would be supplied if one-third of the line losses on feeders is reduced, which accounts for more than 25% line losses. On further reduction of losses by one third, 17 hours power would be supplied, and on reducing technical losses to 25% or more, 20 hours of power would be supplied on the pattern of urban areas.The power minister said that under the scheme all the houses in villages connected with a feeder must have power connections, with meters installed outside. Under the campaign old wires will be replaced with new ones and iron poles with cement ones, loose distribution lines will be fixed and fencing of the transformers will be done.About 68 complaints relating to power utilities were taken up in the review meeting including 37 related to the Uttar Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam, 18 to the Dakshin Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam and 8 cases of vigilance. Taking a serious note of the increase in power theft, the minister ordered the officials to quickly dispose power theft cases pending in various courts. The officials were also asked to make extra effort to take such cases in special courts so that the guilty is punished and penalty recovered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "17726758", "title": "Tight security for Chasi Muliya Adivasi Sangh meet", "text": "KORAPUT: The Koraput district administration clamped prohibitory orders to avert a clash between tribals and non-tribals at Podapadar and its peripheral areas in Narayanpatna block on Saturday. The Maoist-backed Chasi Muliya Adivasi Sangh (CMAS), which is spearheading the tribals fight for their land rights in the area, had sought permission from the administration to hold a massive meeting at Podapadar on Sunday.Sources said non-tribals, who have been driven out by the CMAS activists from their villages since 2009, have been opposing the Sangh's proposed meeting. \"There are intelligence reports that non-tribals are opposing the Sangh's meeting and that there could be a clash if meeting is organized. There is also information about Maoists movement in the area and they might attack a huge gathering. So we clamped prohibitory orders in and around Podapadar,\" said SP (Koraput) Awinash Kumar.Sub-collector (Koraput) Rasmita Panda said prohibitory orders which will be in force for two days starting Saturday. \"Besides Podapadar, prohibitory orders have been clamped at Bhaliaput, Basnaput, Upper Renga and Balipeta in Narayanpatna block,\" she said.Tension prevails in Narayanpatna since 2009 after the CMAS forcibly occupied over 3,000 acres of land belonging to non-tribals. CMAS members hade even attacked non-tribals then and had driven out over 100 non-tribal families from their villages.Fearing attack, scores of non-tribals continue to stay in temporary camps provided by the administration at Koaput. Meanwhile, BSF jawans recovered seven landmines and few explosives during a combing operation in Narayanpatna's Mankindi forest on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17726088", "title": "Online registration for Pune International Film Festival begins", "text": "PUNE: The 11th Pune International Film Festival (Piff) will be held between January 10 to January 17. Online registration for the festival can be done at www.puneinternationalfilmfestival.comA statement issued by the organizing committee on Saturday said the delegates can also register their names in person at City Pride Kothrud, E Square on Ganeshkhind road, PVR Cinema on Ahmednagar Road and Marathon Bhavan at Mitra Mandal chowk. The registration process starts on December 28 and will be done between 11 am to 6.30 pm. Those who have registered online will have to collect their passes at these venues.Rs 700 will be charged as the catalogue fee but students, senior citizens and members of film clubs will be given concessional passes at Rs 500 each. Senior citizens will have to submit proof of age, students will have to show their ID card and film club members will have to submit photocopies of their identity cards to avail of the concession.Only those who have completed 18 years of age on January 10, 2013, will be eligible for registering their names. About 200 films from India and across the world will be screened during the fest.The venues are City Pride Kothrud, City Pride R Deccan, Abhiruchi City Pride, City Pride Pune Satara Road, E Square Ganeshkhind Road, PVR Cinema Ahmednagar Road and the National Film Archive of India. The event is organized jointly by the Pune Film Foundation and the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "17725584", "title": "Prayers at Ajmer dargah for Delhi gang rape victim", "text": "AJMER: Representatives of all communities here on Saturday offered chadder and prayed for the 23-year-old Delhi gang rape victim at the dargah of Khwaja Moinuddin Chishti. For the first time, the representatives asked for harsh punishments to the accused and also prayed for a better environment for every girl of the country.Special prayers were offered on the occasion by Gadhi Nashin Sayed Ibrahim Fakhar and sought strength for the family of the victim. \"The act is not acceptable in any religion and it should be condemned. Such a heinous act has made all of us to stand against such crimes,\" Fakhar said.The group members marched silently to show support to the victim while on their way to offer chadder and prayers at the dargah. At the dargah, they sat for long offering prayers and spreading the message that such crimes are not acceptable in society. \"We demand from this place for a strict law against such criminals and speedy trials,\" said Sheikh Julfikar Chishty, a khadim. He added, \"The Centre and the state governments should check such incidents and make all our daughters secure.\"Members of Sarv Dharm Sabha condemned the act and show their concern for the victim. Sardar Ajeet Singh, Nikunj Lawrence, Safi Baskh, Mohammad Tanveer and dozens of the members took part in the offering and the prayers.Meanwhile, girl students of different city colleges demanded strict action against such criminals and marched on a rally from Gandhi Bhavan to the district headquarters. \"It is the duty of the government to provide a secure atmosphere to us,\" a student of Sofia College.Later, the girl students shouted slogans against the crime and demanded harsh punishment to the criminals. Similarly, several organizations also condemned the crime. A debate on the issue of law and its implementation was also organized in the city by the association of teachers and they asked the government to provide secure atmosphere to girls, specially to those who are going to school and colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "17724449", "title": "Gumla students impress judges with math models", "text": "GUMLA: The difficult areas of mathematics were covered and explained using models by students in the week-long Ganit Mahotsava which concluded at DAV Public School, Gumla on Saturday. The event was staged to mark the 125th birth anniversary of the country's great mathematician Dr S Ramanujan.The students covered and explained the intricate - Fourier Series, Vedic Mathematices, Suspension Bridge, Mid Point Theorem, Principal of Optimization - in different models deftly in a playful manner, said PK Mohanthy, a maths teacher.A total of 50 models were presented by 130 Class X students. It was a unique occasion for those who have passion for mathematics.Members of the jury, including S K Singh, A Mishra and Shruti, adjudged models on Vedic Mathematics presented by Suman Saurav, Vivek Kumar and Amit Ranjan for first position. The model of Pentagon (USA) based on the theory of distribution of weight secured the second place while Mathematics Museum secured third position.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17726437", "title": "Labour and environmental issues affecting MSMEs: CM", "text": "KOCHI: Chief minister Oommen Chandy observed that a host of issues, including labour and environmental concerns, are affecting the growth of micro, small and medium enterprises (MSME) in Kerala. He was delivering the inaugural address at India MSME Summit 2012 organized by the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) in Kochi on Saturday.\"The traditional MSME strongholds in the state are food processing, handloom, coir, cashew and rubber industries. Recently footwear and light industries were added to this list. Despite positive achievements, there are issues that are hindering the growth of the sector, namely- lack of affordable finance, technology and skilled manpower, unavailability of infrastructure, marketing and labour. There are also environmental issues,\" Chandy said.\"Kerala is emerging as a leader in the food processing sector and the state has 1,280 food processing units, making it the third largest in India in terms of licensed units. And 40% of marine processing units of India are located in the state,\" said the chief minister.\"The sector's contribution towards domestic requirements, job creation, entrepreneurship development, innovation and self-reliance in Kerala is commendable. Almost 1.94 lakh units in the state are registered as MSME as on March 2012,\" he said.SBT would help set up a buyer-seller exchange for MSMEs over the internet or through other means, revealed managing director of the bank P Nandakumaran. Chairman of CII Kerala State Council V K Mathews, chairman of India MSME Summit 2012 Shyam Srinivasan, managing director of Kerala State Industrial Development Corporation Ltd Tom Jose and vice chairman of CII Kerala State Council C J George attended the inaugural session of the summit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17726252", "title": "Proposal to monitor pre-paid autos", "text": "PUNE: The Regional Transport Office (RTO) has proposed to make it mandatory for pre-paid autorickshaw booth at Pune railway station to note down the name of the rickshaw driver and the vehicle number that ferry women commuters during night hours.The RTO along with traffic police and autorickshaw unions operate a pre-paid booth at Pune station to assist commuters. RTO officials on Saturday said that maintaining such a register would be a precautionary step and would help the administration record women commuter movement during night hours.The officials added that though the plan was still at the proposal stage, it would be taken up for discussion during the next meeting of the transport authority. Consultations would be held with the traffic police department and auto rickshaw unions regarding actual implementation of the proposal.\"We do not feel that there will be any problem in implementing it at the railway station in the near future. A similar initiative can be started at Maharashtra state road transport corporation (MSRTC) depots and the airport at a later stage,\" said an official.Commuter unions expressed the need to maintain such details especially at night hours.The unions pointed out that many long distance trains operate during night hours. The commuters mostly have to rely on the auto rickshaws as frequency of city buses remains low till 6 am.Mangilal Solanki of Pune-Mumbai Pravasi Sangh said, \"After the Delhi rape incident, we feel that the administration must initiate more steps to make the city safe for women commuters. Registering names and details of commuters at pre-paid booths would be one such step that will help maintain the record of commuters and autorickshaw drivers. Besides this, it will prove helpful for commuters who are traveling to the city for the first time.\"The president of Pune City Auto Rickshaw Federation, Baba Shinde said, \"We are still to receive any update on the proposal. We will co-operate if this step is initiated in the city.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17725324", "title": "Kin of rail accident get jobs in railway", "text": "LUCKNOW: Dependents of persons who died in a train accident over four years ago were given jobs in railways on Saturday. As many as nine persons received appointment letters for a group-D job in Lucknow division of northern railways (NR) by Member of Parliament and Chairman National Commission for Scheduled Castes (NCSCs) P L Punia.At least 11 pilgrims were killed and 25 others injured seriously as a tractor-trolley they were travelling in collided with a speeding train at Unchahar railway crossing on January 25, 2009. The occupants of the trolley were on their way to Allahabad for a holy dip in Sangam, the confluence of Ganga, Yamuna and Saraswati rivers, when their vehicle hit the Allahabad-Kanpur passenger at the Unchahar railway crossing. Eleven pilgrims died on the spot. The dependents of the victims were assured jobs and Rs 1 lakh as compensation by then railway minister Lalu Yadav, at the inauguration of Lalganj rail coach factory, Rae Bareli, three days after the accident, on January 27, in the presence of Congress president Sonia Gandhi . Later, railway board stated that since Rs 1 lakh had been given as compensation to the victims' families, jobs could not be given to them.Around the same time, a train accident took place in West Bengal and the railway minister announced Rs 5 lakh as compensation to be given to dependents of those killed in the tragedy. The minister again assured jobs to the dependents. \"I have pursued the case of Unchahar victims. I raised the matter in Parliament to give jobs to their dependents,\" said Punia. Railways, on Saturday, handed over the appointment letters to nine persons. Process is on to give jobs to two others.Talking about reservation in promotions, he said there's nothing new or extra benefits that it will provide to SCs. It was always there in section 16(4) of the Constitution. \"Among SCs, those who have been elected as MPs, MLAs, have cleared IAS/IPS or are paying income tax should not be included in the benefit,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17726426", "title": "Local business, tourism to gain from shopping fest", "text": "KOCHI: Kerala has wasted opportunities of growth in the past, said chief minister Oommen Chandy while inaugurating the Global Village set up as part of the Grand Kerala Shopping Festival (GKSF) at Bolgatty Island here on Saturday.\"Kerala is growing and we are making use of available opportunities for that growth. The state is keen on finding ways to develop,\" Chandy said. \"GKSF will be beneficial in two ways: it would give an impetus to the local businesses as well as state's tourism industry.\"Union minister for consumer affairs KV Thomas, who also attended the inaugural function, announced a central funding of Rs 25 lakh to the GKSF.The Global Village is spread over 24 acres on the Lulu Convention Centre premises. Though not yet fully ready, the six main pavilions-international, national, Kerala, consumer, brand and weaves-will have around 400 stalls.The Kerala pavilion will have around 100 stalls. The food pavilion with 40 stalls would serve the state's traditional cuisine as well as Italian and Mexican foods.The village will have an indoor area with video game arcades and a platform for children to showcase their talents. The parking lot would hold more than 1,000 cars and a similar number of two-wheelers.The government of Kerala has also been trying to promote responsible tourism, a new experiment to promote eco-conscious shopping.MG Road in Thiruvananthapuram has been chosen as the responsible shopping corridor, where shoppers would be encouraged to use eco-friendly, organic and fair-price products, which were not produced in sweat shops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17725934", "title": "Senior police inspector, six other cops suspended for \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcexcesses\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "AURANGABAD: Senior police inspector Rajkumar Dongre, in charge of Mukundwadi police station, and six other policemen have been suspended for allegedly beating up BJP corporator Ramprabhu Munde and his brother in February.State home minister R R Patil had on Friday said that the procedure to suspend Dongre and others would be intiated, after leader of opposition Eknath Khadse raised the issue during the on-going winter session of the Assembly in Nagpur.Patil's assurance came when Khadse asked him what steps the government had taken after the CID inquiry found Dongre guilty of beating up the Munde brothers.On February 8, two rival groups had clashed over a dispute related to the Gangakhed zilla parishad elections. To disburse the gathering, the police had used batons and detained some people, following which a mob led by corporator Munde went to the police station. According to police sources in Parbhani, a heated exchange of words took place between the police and Munde. \"Dongre and his team allegedly bashed up the Munde brothers, who were later admitted to the Parbhani civil hospital,\" the sources added.Taking serious note of the incident, BJP MP Gopinath Munde and his daughter Pankaja demanded a CID inquiry into the matter. A court directed the police to register a case against Dongre and his six subordinates. Later, Dongre was transferred to Aurangabad.Despite repeated attempts, neither R R Patil nor Dongre could be reached for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17724452", "title": "JMM holds meet", "text": "RANCHI: A meeting of the JMM core committee was held here on Saturday to discuss crucial issues like the 28-month rotation of government between the party and BJP which has been haunting the state for some months now.The meeting chaired by party chief Shibu Soren continued till late in the evening wherein all the MLAs and MPs expressed their dissatifaction with the Arjun Munda-led government in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17726954", "title": "Fire station officer ignores violations of safety norms", "text": "NAGPUR: The fire and emergency services department of Nagpur Municipal Corporation is still not serious about fire safety measures in high rise buildings.Only recently, the department has woken up to several lapses in the permissions granted to Godrej Anandam township, which is being built on the erstwhile Model Mills land. In another case, it has come to the fore that Narendra Nagar fire station officer Sudhakar Kale's report ignored many violations at a ground plus five storey hospital in crowded Sitabuldi area. He even advised the then chief fire officer (CFO) Naeem Khan to issue no-objection certificate to this building of Platina Heart Hospital and Mercantile.Though Khan refused Kale's recommendation, no action has been initiated against the station officer. The hospital has been now issued a notice for not complying with the norms.Replying to a RTI application, NMC's fire department informed that the 21.80-metre tall building is being used as mercantile-cum-hospital. As per National Building Code, any building above 15 metres is required to keep marginal spaces for movement of fire tenders. In this building, even the external staircase's width was not provided as per NBC norms of minimum 1.2 metres. Also, there was no provision for the first aid hose reel on each floor and appropriate places, revealed the RTI reply.While rejecting Kale's recommendations, ex-CFO Khan instead directed M/s Shevalkar Developers Limited, which had constructed the building, to comply with the fire safety norms to get the NOC. Eyebrows are now being raised regarding how Kale recommended NOC to the hospital despite so many discrepancies pertaining to fire safety measures.Sources said this is just a tip of the iceberg and that most high rise buildings violated the national building code and were issued NOC by the fire department.When TOI brought this to the notice of chief fire officer Rajendra Uchake, he assured to look into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17726851", "title": "House meeting at Allahabad Municipal Corporation discusses role in mela", "text": "ALLAHABAD: House meeting of the Allahabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) was organised on Saturday in view of the forthcoming Kumbh Mela from January.There was anguish among corporators that the AMC had not taken up their proposal for development work.Participating in the discussion, senior corporator Shiv Sevak Singh Kumbh Mela was prestigious for the city and the role of AMC was significant in its programme.But, it is a matter of regret that AMC administration did not take corporators into confidence before deciding proposals from various civic agencies work, they alleged.He further observed that since the city would come up on the global map during the Kumbh Mela, it is imperative to have proper roads, suitable arrangements of street lighting and proper cleanliness in the mela area and various parts of the city.Further, pilgrims should also be accorded welcome during the mela and AMC administration should try to solve their problems.He said though roads had been constructed, there was no footpath for pedestrians and that AMC administration should take steps in the direction.Another corporator Athar Raza Ladley said it was a matter of pride that Kumbh Mela was being organised at Allahabad and the funds allotted for this should be utilised properly.Ramesh Mishra lamented that though civic administration was making tall claims about repair of the roads the reality was that most of the roads in the important areas adjacent to the mela area including Kydganj, Chowkhandi, Pura Valdi, Pandiyan Basti and adjoining areas had not been repaired and urged AMC to do the needful before the mela commenced.Member of Legislative Council Suraj Bhan Karwariya also participated in the discussion and assured corporators that he would raise the issue of 74{+t}{+h} amendment of the Constitution relating to empowerment of urban local bodies on the floor of Vidhan Parishad.Various corporators of the city raised civic issues on the floor of the house and demanded urgent redressal of their grievances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17728242", "title": "Delhi gang rape: Police evacuate protesters from Raisina Hill", "text": "NEW DELHI: A number of protesters who stayed put at Raisina Hill to protest the gang rape of a young girl were evacuated early this morning.The protesters, who spent a chilly night in the open after they fought pitched battles with police throughout the day yesterday, were taken into a bus by police.Police had also picked up protesters from outside Congress chief Sonia Gandhi's 10, Janpath residence in the wee hours today.In a surprise move, Gandhi had came out of her residence and met protesters late last night.According to a protester, Gandhi told them \"I am with you. I can't tell when the justice will be delivered, but surely it will be. We will do something.\"The protesters when asked for a deadline, she said, \"I can't give you a deadline but action will be taken.\"The detentions came as part of a police plan to contain protest near Raisina Hill, the seat of power.Seven metro stations near India Gate and Raisina Hill have already been closed from this morning till further orders.The stations which remained closed were Patel Chowk, Central Secretariat, Udyog Bhavan, Race Course, Barakhamba, Mandi House and Khan Market.Police clamp prohibitory orders in New DelhiClamping down prohibitory orders in New Delhi district, police today asked youths protesting against the gang rape of a young girl to stage demonstrations either at Jantar Mantar or Ramlila Maidan.\"Protestors may go to Ramlila Maidan or Jantar Mantar. Traffic has been diverted from Vijay Chowk and Rajpath,\" a Delhi Police statement said.It said prohibitory orders under section 144 of CrPC have been issued in New Delhi area except Jantar Mantar.The police move came a day after thousands of youth clashed with police at Raisina Hill protesting against the gang-rape and demanding speedy punishment to the criminals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17725530", "title": "Various colours of Christmas", "text": "In Hindi it's 'Bade din ki badhai ho', in Urdu it's 'Krismas mubarak', in Bengali 'Shubho bo\u00e1\u00b9\u203aodin' and in Sanskrit it's 'Krismasasya shubhkaamnaa'. Christmas is truly in the air, and if you're a thoroughbred Anglo-Indian reading this, you always knew that irrespective of Mayan predictions, the world just couldn't come to an end before you have sampled the Christmas kulkuls, salt meat, and ginger wine.Last week saw the street vendors display their synthetic Christmas trees and folding stars along the streets of Patna. The Christmas carols wafted on the cool winter air as Ravi Bharati held the seventh edition of its annual 'Songs of Joy' last Sunday, drawing some 265 contestants in 20 teams. They sang festive songs and truly brought in the Christmas spirit. More such functions followed.True to tradition, carol singers have begun making the rounds from December 21, so don't be surprised if you suddenly hear a chorus break into full throated song, \"We wish you a merry Christmas\" in front of an apartment near you.Enthusiastic groups of carol singers visit houses to sing, usually as an act of charity. They raise money for those in need of some comfort during the cold winter. That's what Christmas is all about, giving gifts of love. One of the most convenient ways to give Christmas gifts to near and dear ones is undoubtedly e-shopping, and e-bay is the hot favourite. \"I made as many as 20 gift purchases last year,\" said Antony B, a 30 something content writer, \"I didn't have to move from my computer and I had a very pleased mother-in-law who received one of those electromagnetic cooktops delivered to her house on Christmas eve.\"The shopping malls that have sprung up during the past year have made Christmas shopping all the more exciting, and it's not uncommon to see the plastic being swiped with gusto. For many in Patna and beyond, it is Calcutta (not Kolkata) that's the Mecca of Christmas shopping.An Anglo-Indian friend has, for the past 49 years (he's a grandfather now) travelled to Job Charnock's city consistently on December 19 to shop for authentic Christmas stuff such as barley sugar sticks (hard candy), guava cheese, bandel cheese, mince pies, ham, bacon, and of course the various Christmas cookies and hot gram (polly's dirt) that are unique to the 'traditional' holiday table.The fun of buying gifts secretly and hiding them from the other members of the family, to be revealed only on Christmas day, is half the joy of Christmas. Unwrapping the presents that have appeared mysteriously under the tree is a family tradition in many homes.In Bihar, over the years, we've seen the man in a red suit deliver gifts by tonga, by pickup truck, and even on an elephant. It's interesting to note that not all Christians in Bihar give gifts on Christmas, or understand the concept of Santa Claus. Amrit Kumar from Sasaram has neither received nor given a Christmas gift in the 22 years of his existence. \"Maybe it's because most of my life we were too poor to afford even new clothes during Christmas. A Christmas celebration means some 'pilao' and chicken curry, we make 'missi roti' and from the past two years, we have begun to buy a cake.\"Giving of Christmas gifts is only a recent phenomenon among Adivasi Christians. Sometimes, the children are given a toy or two. The accent is on worship, distribution of the special 'arsa roti' (rice cakes), and on a hearty Christmas meal. Decorating the house with coloured paper streamers and constructing a 'crib' with statues of baby Jesus, Mary and Joseph is the priority.The more orthodox Christians abstain from meat and alcohol for 24 days before the festival. Christmas Mass is held at midnight on December 24, and services conclude at dawn, but celebrations continue at homes.For Bihar's Malayalam speakers, a Christmas feast may include 'palappam' made with rice and coconut with meat stew, spicy meat, chicken, fish, rice and vegetable preparations. The centrepiece of the Christmas feast is plum cake, a moist, brown cake with plenty of nuts, dried fruits and fragrant spices (but curiously, no plums) often served with wine. They send decorated trays filled with plum cake and treats made with cashews, coconut and sugar to friends and neighbours.Patna is already rocking to the pre-Christmas parties, and the celebrations will continue till the dawn of January 2013. The most beautiful part of all will be the Christmas services and the Midnight Masses being held in different churches tomorrow night, each service with its own cultural flavour. There will be Christmas services in English, Hindi, Malayalam, Bhojpuri and Magahi in different parts of Bihar. The songs and the languages may be different, but the message is one that's sorely needed in these times of strife. It's the message that love, non-violence, and understanding can help us conquer the darkness of fear, suspicion, and doubt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17726129", "title": "Schools, hospitals prone to fire: Source", "text": "PANAJI: Several schools, government office buildings and hospitals are bereft of any fire fighting arrangements even as they have been warned several times by the fire and emergency services department.Since May 2011, the department conducted inspections of 812 schools, 145 hospitals and 415 government offices and found that most did not have basic firefighting equipment.Sources in the department, said they have not completed inspection of all buildings but fire safety arrangements at places that have been so far inspected, are not satisfactory.\"Eighty per cent of the schools did not have any kind of fire safety system in place, even hospitals are lacking in elaborate fire safety measures though some have basic fire safety equipment like fire extinguishers and hydrants,\" said the sources.He further said that although hospital managements understand the need of having fire safety arrangements, very few have actually implemented recommendations of the department.\"Considering the danger students will be exposed to, in the event there is a fire in the school premises, the department has trained teachers in fire safety and evacuation,\" he added. A total of 1,200 teachers were trained from Margao, Ponda and Panaji.It's not just schools and hospitals that are poorly equipped to deal with fire accidents, the condition of government buildings is equally bad.During fire inspections that have been carried out since May 2011, the department discovered few government buildings have fire safety arrangements and others have not done anything despite reminders. The Junta house building, centrally located on the 18th June Road in the city, is unsafe not only because it does not have any fire safety system but it is also very old.\"The building being very old, there's a danger of it's walls collapsing due to heat if there is major fire,\" warned sources, adding that government has done precious little to implement its recommendations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "ongole", "code": "17724838", "title": "Panchaloha idols worth Rs 2 cr recovered; 6 held", "text": "ONGOLE: Prakasam district police busted a racket involved in theft of valuable panchaloha idols and recovered idols worth nearly Rs 2 crore from them on Saturday.According to superintendent of police, K Raghurami Reddy, the Singarayakonda police launched a special vehicle checking drive on the national highway since Friday midnight. According to SP, the police intercepted an Indica car (bearing AP 26 R 0081) and grilled the six passengers inside. With all of them giving incoherent replies, the police checked the vehicle and found a gunny bag with idols in the car boot. Fearing arrest, two of the passengers tried to escape. However, the police chased them and detained them, SP said.Upon further interrogation, the accused admitted that they were going to sell the idols in Vijayawada market with the help of a local merchant. They also confessed to the theft of idols from Sri Kodandaramswamy temple of Pothireddipalem village of Nellore district about 20 days ago. Police found that all the four idols were made of panchaloha about 80 years ago and would cost not less than Rs 2 crore in the local market. One, Pothuraju Kanthi Kumar of Gudladona village of Kaligiri mandal in Nellore district was the prime accused in the case.He had married a girl from Pothireddipalem village and set his eyes on the panchaloha idols upon learning their value. In fact, Kovur police were on a lookout for the dacoits who stole these idols. Singarayakonda police recovered four idols of Sri Rama, Lakshmana, Seeta and Hanuman from their possession.Police also seized the car and a motorcycle from them. Those arrested include, Kanthi Kumar, Shaik Babu, P Jayarau, Pothuraju Babu, Muthukur Bhaskar and Shaik Ashraf Ali. Ongole town DSP Rajanikanth Reddy said that another member of the gang, Rambabu of Kapparallatippa village was absconding and they would nab him in a couple of days.SP Raghuramireddy announced rewards for the police team which busted the racket and arrested the culprits.In a related development, Ongole central crime station (CCS) team unearthed another racket involved in stealing of panchaloha idols and recovered 13 idols from the gang. The police nabbed them during vehicle checking operations in the town. The SP said that the idols would cost Rs 20 lakh. On interrogation, the accused confessed that one Subbaraidu of Bangalore committed theft of idols at Tirumallappa Swamy temple of Kalumarri village of Penugonda mandal, Anantapur district and the neighbouring temples. He handed over the idols to them for selling.The SP said that the idols would have been made 40 years ago. Police arrested the three culprits involved in transporting of idols. The idols of Radha Krishna, Lakshmi Devi, Sivaparvathi, Vishnu and Ganesh were among the 13 seized by the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17726423", "title": "NITians\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 robot to fight robo-war at Techfest in Mumbai", "text": "RAIPUR: A four-wheeled wooden box that will otherwise be dismissed for a piece of junk lying on the campus of National Institute of Technology (NIT) made of wires and scrape has been selected as a 'robo' contestant in Asia's largest science and technology festival at the Mumbai IIT called the Techfest, 2013.Not just an ordinary experiment of some engineering under-graduates, the robo nicknamed 'T-rex' has an interesting story. It was just a year ago that Chandan Kumar Jha, a bio-medical student at NIT realised that apart from his subject, it was electronics also that he was interested in. The urge was so strong that Chandan with a team of five experimented, discarded and reinvented a combat robot which made its way to the robo-war to be held against 71 contestants on January 3, 2013 where these NITians would be participating with their 'bot'.Talking to TOI, Chandan, a 2nd year student, said that he started this project by himself and was later teamed with five students. \"Our 'bot' has the most extra-ordinary features of being a wireless robot, which got us selected against 300 highly competitive contestants. The initially designed robot looked ugly with wires all around,\" he said. Explaining further, Chandan said that the robowar is where two robots confront a fight and the technologically stronger one wins. \"Not only this, even the remote which is being designed, would be wireless with a touch-screen operation! This is going to be the uniqueness of our project,\" Mohana Roy Choudhury, a team-member chipped in.Financial help for these tech-buffs was possible only after proving their mettle. The trial and error on the bot took a lot of exhaustive hours. After Rs 25,000 that they had as savings and a lot of hardwork, the robot is almost ready. \"Now, we would again dismantle it, fix every part properly for the fight and make it look better,\" Ashutosh, another team member said. With 'better' they mean, to make it look tougher and dangerous. \"And to accomplish the remaining work, NIT has sanctioned an amount of Rs 10,000 to the students. That has been a real help at this hour,\" Chandan said.The nearly 60 kg T-rex being carried by the team, across the campus for experiments attracts everybody's attention. The team members include Akanksha Singh, Ashutosh Bandhopadhyay, Mohana who are students of Bio-medical while N Laxman Kumar and Sumit Dhalia are pursuing Electronics and Tele-communication.\"Facing about 50,000 participants, if we get through the contest, it would get us Rs 1 lakh as the winning prize amount,\" they said.\"By the end of my course, I vow to make the T-rex competent enough to be used for defence purposes. Lots of work is to be done on it by adding censors to sense the danger zones etc. It will become more dangerous,\" said a confident Chandan.Asked about the journey with the robot, Chandan said that initially it was a loner's dream. Slowly when people started joining him, he aimed for the techfest. In two months time, amidst the examinations and classes, they struggled with the 'bot' even if they got 10 minutes of spare time. \"We arranged the raw materials from anything and everything cheaply available in the surrounding. They include spare auto-parts, wires, scrap from kabaadis, screws. We also had to buy few essential equipments, which we ordered online,\" Chandan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "17725673", "title": "Two held for making girl have intoxicants", "text": "AMRITSAR: Police on Saturday arrested two youths for allegedly forcing a minor girl to swallow intoxicants in Adliwal village of the district on Saturday.As per police complaint, Billu, 17, and Sukhman, 18, both resident of Adliwal village, forcibly stopped the girl on Saturday and started harassing her and made her swallow some intoxicant. The girl was immediately rushed to Mundh hospital, where she had not regained consciousness till Saturday evening.Sukhman helps his maternal uncle in his dairy business and Billu also supplies milk. Amritsar (rural) SSP P S Virk said that police arrested both the alleged accused and registered a case of attempt to murder at Rajasansi police station. TNN", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17726362", "title": "'Centre firm on naming varsity after Tipu Sultan'", "text": "MYSORE: Union minister for minorities affairs, K Rahman Khan, on Saturday said that the Centre will not backtrack on the issue of establishing a university in the name of Tipu Sultan for minorities in Karnataka. But the government is yet to decide on the place for the university.Speaking to reporters here, Khan said that there was no question of changing the name of the proposed university for the minorities -- and it will be named after Tipu Sultan. \"The Centre had decided to establish five minorities' universities, and one of them will be in Karnataka,\" he added.Khan said in these universities, 50% of the seats and facilities will be reserved for minorities, who include Muslims, Buddhists, Jains, Christians and Parsis.He said the UPA government has decided to establish 100 higher primary schools on the lines of Kendriya Vidyalayas, which will be managed by Moulana Abdul Kalam Azad Foundation.Among the 90 districts identified, Gulbarga and Bidar in Karnataka have also figured, as the Muslim population in both the districts was around 25%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17725661", "title": "CPM leader blames DMK, AIADMK for delta\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s misery", "text": "TRICHY: The distress among farmers in the Cauvery delta found a resonance at the culmination rally of Democratic Youth Federation of India (DYFI) in Trichy on Saturday.CPI(M)politburo member and former education minister of Kerala, M A Baby, addressed the gathering that saw eight groups of DYFI, which had undertaken padayatras covering 4,000 kms, converging in the city. Baby blamed DMK and AIADMK governments for letting down the delta farmers by failing to provide long-term measures to irrigate the region. The absence of scientific planning has had a major social impact in the region and is triggering criminality, Baby said.The CPM leader castigated the Dravidian parties, with which his party has had electoral alliances in the past, for failing the people on all fronts, including in giving protection to dalits. Turning his attention to recent clashes between dalits in the northern districts of the State and the backward castes, Baby wondered how such atrocities could be committed in the land of Periyar and Subramaniya Bharathi. He also picked on the Centre and said if the Union government was following a sinister economic policy, the state government was no less callous.DYFI, the youth front of the CPM, had started the awareness yatra against the \"wrong policies of the state and Union governments\" on December 1. The rallies, with the leitmotif 'Our life is not for sale', culminated in Trichy as scheduled. \"We were on a long journey to stop the governments from going on the wrong path,\" one of the DYFI volunteers, who participated in the padayatra said.Saturday's meeting was addressed by Bharadwaj, deputy national leader of DYFI, A Soundararajan, State general secretary of CITU, and S Sridhar, Trichy district secretary of CPM.Baby spoke in English, which was translated into Tamil. As he came to the concluding part of his speech, he switched to Tamil with a heavy Malayalam accent and called Sridhar the Castro of Trichy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17725809", "title": "From lewd remarks to assault", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Teasing, chasing or stalking of women in the city has been shrugged off as routine for long. But things have only become worse and there has been a change in the way sexual harassment is carried out. It has transitioned from passing lewd comments to pushing and rough bullying to physical assault, say city-based sociologists.Pallavee Puri, a lecturer of psychology while throwing light on the psyche of a man who stalks a girl says, \"When a man with cruel intentions approaches a girl, it is not the clothes or beauty of the female body that he is attracted to. Instead, he is attracted to the submission in a female. The scared look in her eyes is what he goes for.\"Geeta Bhagat, another psychology teacher says, \"Men must change their attitude towards women and must stop thinking that if a women is coming out at night with her friends or for a party she is doing this to draw attention. Young boys and girls must also interact openly with their parents i nstead of just being dependant on friends for advice, so as to have a sound moral character.\"It has been observed that such incidents are being seen even in posh sectors of Chandigarh, with men being on a constant prowl for girls in their fancy cars.Gargi Arora, a sociology teacher while pointing out what is wrong with the emerging society in Chandigarh that it is triggering such crimes says, \"Society in Chandigarh, somehow seems to be very superficial. The social structure of the city is undergoing a fast evolution, but that is not true about our mindsets.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17726534", "title": "I-League: Depleted Dempo eke out 2-1 win", "text": "KOLKATA: Dempo SC had left five of their regular players behind and had Japanese Ryuji Sueoka was confined to the bench due to an injury, but such is the depth and quality of their reserves that it didn't matter in the end. The defending champions scripted a 2-1 win over Arrows in a 12th round I-League encounter at the Salt Lake Stadium on Saturday.Joaquim Abranches struck a brace for the winners - scoring once in either half - while Milan Singh pulled a goal back for the home team from the spot.Smarting from a 1-5 drubbing at the hands of Pune FC in the last match, Dempo were keen to turn it around quickly but they were not allowed a free run by the spirited Arrows. It was only in the attacking third that the inexperience of the young boys of the AIFF's developmental side showed up a bit.The five-time champions moved up to 28 points from 12 games while Arrows stayed on 14 from 11.Dempo forged into the lead through a soft goal conceded by the Arrows in the 10th minute. A long ball that landed just outside the right edge of the Arrows box that goalkeeper Ravi Kumar was sloppy in gathering. The experienced Joaquim made Kumar pay for his indecisiveness by placing the ball in an open net.The early goal clearly disturbed the rhythm of the Arrows players, allowing Dempo to dominate possession in the first half. It was only towards the end of the session that Arrows pieced together a few attacks and managed to level the issue in the 43rd minute. Valeriano Rebello did well to make a timely interception to deny Holicharan Narzary from taking a shy at the goal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17726781", "title": "Nagpur University awards first PhD in numismatics", "text": "NAGPUR: Numismatics is a hobby practised with passion by many. Varsha Sharma has taken her passion to another level, by acquiring a PhD in numismatics. Her subject of research was copper punch-marked coins, a topic on which Sharma said, \"There were hardly any books.\"Varsha's interest in numismatics blossomed after her marriage. \"My husband, Subhash, was into numismatics and collecting anything ancient. He had a huge collection and in his absence I had to explain it to visitors. But many a time it became embarrassing since I didn't know much about their history,\" says Varsha.It was then that she decided to do an MA in ancient history. \"Before marriage, I was not interested in history. During the initial years, I even thought of all these treasures as junk with which my husband was fond of amusing himself. But slowly my interest grew and now I have done my PhD,\" she said.Subhash, from whom she has taken on the interest, has been interested in numismatics since his childhood but couldn't transform his hobby into academic study. \"I am busy with my work. Though I find time to nurture my hobby, I don't have time to pursue it academically. Luckily, my wife became interested and decided to study this in depth. I supported her in every way I could,\" said Subhash.Pursuing academics with household chores did not prove to be an easy task for Varsha. \"It would be 10pm by the time I finished all the work. And only after that could I sit to study. But my husband supported me a lot. He would take out reference books for me even at 2am, and I wouldn't even need to move,\" she said.But Varsha laments the fact that there were not many other helping hands. \"I faced a lot of problems when I wanted to determine the component metals of the coins, and other such work, during my research,\" she said.However, thanks to her husband, her home itself housed a lot of copper coins, which helped her in research. \"Some were provided by Rajesh Sonkuwar; Avinash Ramteke also helped, and I am very thankful to Dr Pradeep Meshram, HOD, AIHC and archaeology,\" says Varsha.Another problem she faced was the lack of books on the subject she had chosen. \"Though there were a lot of papers published on the subject, there are hardly any books on the subject,\" she said.Varsha is now teaching at Nagpur University. \"Now, I take my coins to show my students and that helps them a lot. Because till now they could only imagine how those coins would look, now they see them and it helps the learning process,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17726719", "title": "One-third of MLAs are first-timers", "text": "AHMEDABAD: At least 36% of MLAs \u00e2\u20ac\u201d 66 out of 182 \u00e2\u20ac\u201d in the current assembly are there for the first time. BJP sources said that of its 115 MLAs, 43 were first timers, while of the 61 elected from Congress tickets, 23 made it for the first time.The senior most MLA in the state assembly will be Mohansinh Rathwa from the Congress. Rathwa is going to the assembly for the ninth time. He was first elected in 1972 and has been elected ever since. In the 13th assembly he was elected from Chotta Udaipur.Following him is BJP stalwart Valubhai Vala, who was elected for the seventh time. Vala was first elected in 1985 and has never lost elections since then. He also has the credit of presenting the budget in the assembly for around 18 times, which another record.Apart from these two senior MLAs, for six MLAs from the BJP the 13th assembly was their sixth time being elected. \"This assembly is a mix of experience and fresh faces,\" said an office bearer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "tamar (ranchi)", "code": "17724539", "title": "Economy booms as Maoist tide wanes in Ranchi village", "text": "TAMAR (RANCHI): Vijaygiri, which is about 70 km from the state capital, is a booming village. There are more shops now than there were five years ago. Most villagers in this land-locked area have stopped migrating to other cities and towns for work and are setting up their own businesses here.Five years ago, this was not the case as fear of Maoist violence had gripped Vijaygiri and its villagers. CPI(Maoist) zonal commander Kundan Pahan and his squad members spread terror in the locality even a couple years ago. Another zonal commander Ram Mohan and area commander Tulsi were also based in the locality.Now tightened security in the area, frequent anti-Maoist operations and new roads have played important role in changing the face of the village. Social activist Abraham Hassa said fear of Maoist violence has waned. \"This has encouraged some local boys to return to the village. Now villagers grow more vegetables and sell them in Tamar market as well as in the neighbouring Saraikela-Kharsawa market,\" he said.Sunil Kumar, inspector of the CRPF Vijaygiri camp, said, \"Presence of security personnel has instilled confidence in villagers. Now they are with the CRPF and are given protection.\"Migration of workers from the area has almost stopped. In fact, many of those who had migrated to places like Kolkata, Mumbai, Bangalore and other cities, are gradually settling down in the village.Improved road connectivity in the area has played an important role in fuelling economic development. A 5-km stretch of road from Radgaon to Vijaygiri was constructed a couple of years ago. Now locals from surrounding villages like Arhanga, Vayakuli, Bandhudih, Balbeda, Tarai and Lodma come to Kuwasal market in Vijaygiri twice a week for business. According to local residents, there were around 10-15 shops in Kuwasal in 2008. Now there is around 30-40 shops where vegetables, clothes, fuelwood are sold.A villager said on condition of anonymity, \"My son runs a shop in the market. He had shifted to Ranchi where he used to work as a labourer. His younger brother is also engaged in the same business now.\"Yesmani Karuna Hassa, mukhiya of Arhanga panchayat, said, \"The situation will improve further if the government provides us with electricity.\" There is no electricity in the village. The social workers of the area have been demanding construction of more roads in the area, she added.Locals from the village have already written letters to chief minister Arjun Munda , Ranchi MP Subodh Kant Sahay and local authorities for road connectivity from Vijaygiri to Arhanga, Arhanga to Vayakuli, Vijaygiri to Kharsawa and Bandhudih to Charda village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17726162", "title": "Chief minister favours waterways for transportation", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar has called for increased usage of waterways in the state for transportation of people and cargo.Speaking at a function celebrating the completion of 100 years of Captain of Ports department, Parrikar urged the river navigation department and the Captain of Ports to explore the possibility of transportation on waterways in the state and do so where feasible.Parrikar said, \"the department has done a lot (in the field) but what it has not done was more.\"\"If the department can implement 4-5 ideas, it will be good for tourism,\" he added. He felt many people, especially tourists, will utilize waterway transportation \"for the thrill\" of it. He felt rivers could be a cheaper means of transportation of cargo and passengers and called for transportation of vehicles through rivers with the help of high speed vessels. Parrikar mooted such a fast ferry service from Aldona to Panaji.He also called for increasing revenue from ports. \"The time for income from mining is out,\" said Parrikar.Giving the Captain of Ports \"an idea that could be done in a month's time,\" he said coal can be transported though barges since coal handling had been stopped at MPT.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17727016", "title": "Plea against 'illegalities' in land lease to Wockhart Hospital", "text": "NAGPUR: An NGO has approached the Nagpur bench of the Bombay high court alleging large-scale irregularities in leasing out land to Wockhardt Hospital at Shankar Nagar. The case would come up for hearing after vacations. Many dignitaries, including former chief minister and now union home minister Sushilkumar Shinde, CM Prithviraj Chavan, Wardha MP Datta Meghe and his son Sagar, municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane, Nagpur Improvement Trust (NIT) chairman Pravin Darade, Maharashtra Rashtra-Bhasha President Mohan Dhariya and Vice-President Girish Gandhi among others have been made respondents.President of Citizens Forum for Equality Madhukar Kukde alleged that the hospital has been illegally constructed on a land leased by the NIT in 1961 to the Rashtra-Bhasha Sabha, a registered trust, for 'public institutional use'. The senior citizen sought an independent inquiry by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) into the deal and prosecution of offenders for the loss to the exchequer.Counsel Tushar Mandlekar claimed that SMG Group was one of the tenants of the land which inked the pact through its chairman Meghe with Wockhardt for the hospital. He pointed out that SMG didn't even own that land but still inked the agreement with the developer to whom the land was allotted for development by Rashtra-Bhasha Sabha. The developer had illegally sold front portion to SMG Group for about Rs6.5 crore in 2005. The petition questioned that when NIT is the owner of the land, then why isn't it a party to the agreement.Mandlekar also questioned the validity of the change of use of land from public utility (PU) to commercial. The proposal was initially rejected, but later, without any 'situational change' the land was converted into commercial. Mandlekar asked if the use of land changed, then why NIT failed to auction it as per rules.Moreover, the consideration for the lease was calculated at 1961 prices, when the land was first leased for the commercial purposeby NIT, thus contravening the rules which necessitate calculation at market rates. He claimed that the exchequer has lost about Rs100 crore due to these illegalities and accused the then CM Sushilkumar Shinde for misusing his powers.The lawyer pointed out that NMC has already served demolition notice to Wockhardt on March 26 under Section 53 of MRTP Act, 1966, but failed to take action even after nine months, under apparent pressure of high-profile politicians. \"The commercial use of the demised property was done systematically and huge monetary benefits were garnered by the parties even before it could be officially converted for commercial use,\" claimed Mandlekar.(With inputs from Lakshmi Dwivedi)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17725003", "title": "Minimum 42 days needed to start business in UP: World Bank report", "text": "LUCKNOW: Will Uttar Pradesh learn anything from Gujarat, where Narendra Modi romped home in the just concluded assembly polls mainly on his development plank and good governance? With an electorate size of 12,74,38,342 as compared Gujarat's 3,78,15,306; UPis bigger and politically crucial state from the national perspective. Further, its multi-lingual and multi-ethnic character lends unique socio-cultural identity to it. However, despite all this, UP lags behind in good governance.One cannot forget that a generational change in UP electorate has been signalled this time by a record turnout of young voters. This has brought in new challenges and new aspirations. In this backdrop, the resounding victory of Modi needs to be taken as a much bigger lesson of good governance than dismissing it merely as a matter of rejoice and jubilation of the BJP. The crux of this debate underlines the importance of the fact that good governance and development are correlated and go hand in hand. This calls for a shift in approach.The most urgent is to have a control on 'wasteful bureaucracy' to free the economy of UP, which has attained a dubious distinction of being one of the most disfavoured destination for investment. Lucknow is ranked 6th in terms of ease of doing business after Hyderabad, Bangalore, Jaipur, Chennai and Bhubaneswar.The World Bank's Ease of Doing Business Report has found that it takes minimum 42 days to start a business in UP (Lucknow) involving a cost of about 45.5% of per capita state gross domestic product (SGDP). Similarly, registering a property took 43 days and enforcing a contract as many as 950 days. Taxes at 81.7% of profit are also relatively high. Besides, the state also ranks low in terms of days required in importing and exporting -27 and 29 days respectively.The most disturbing trend is that there is no sign of improvement in the state, which remains woefully bad in terms of infrastructure and reforms. Despite tall talks of improvement, UP is not perceived as an attractive investment zone. The concern is also shared by the state planning department, which in its own presentation has admitted that the poor investment climate has adversely affected the growth of industry. Its share to the GSDP is only 24% and this includes 13% of construction activities. In categorical terms, the plan document admits that investment climate and ease of doing business are precariously bad in UP as compared to other states. This is why UP is no longer a destination for industries and many of those existing here are also going away.Setting up industry is vital for jobs, which in turn will grow the economyEvery job created indirectly helps at least five other people. Thus bureaucracy needs to be rewritten in user-friendly terms. Apart from law and order, the issue of development is most critical of all. UP today is in ugly shape with sluggish growth rate, high poverty, deprivation, exclusion and poor human development.Successive governments particularly in the post-Mandal era (1991) share the much of the blame for the present mess in which the state is today. The negative effects were produced by the competitive populist methods frequently resorted to by extremely fragile and instable governments.This is evident by the fact that UP's share in national gross domestic product ( GDP ) has shown a constant decline. Since 2004-05, this has gone down from 8.8% to 8.2% at present and this is expected to go down further. The per capita income of UP, which was almost equal to that of national average in 1950, has now remained just half. And the gap is widening with each passing year.The planning department presentation candidly confesses that poverty has shown only a decline of 3.2% during a period of five years spanning between 2004-05 and 2009-10. On the other hand the actual number of poor has increased to over 7 crore in the state.The average growth rate of agriculture is around 3%. Its contribution towards the GSDP remains only 28%, while 68% population depends on it. This means that the productivity of agriculture is not profitable and the sector has been ignored despite its critical importance to a vast number of people, who are dependent on it.After the collapse of the national parties, UP seems to be heading for a two party-system with political arena getting divided between the ruling Samajwadi Party and its arch-rival the BSP.Which way UP will go, will largely depend on the development initiatives of chief minister Akhilesh Yadav. More than the populist measures, people need to be given the basic tools to harness their potential.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17725761", "title": "State sat on central directives for three years", "text": "More than three years after the Centre issued a circular, asking state governments to initiate stringent measures to ensure women feel secure, enjoy their human rights and live with the dignity and respect that they deserve, the Maharashtra government is yet to act on it. In fact, when TOI asked about the September 9, 2009 circular, few in the government had heard of it.In a seven-page directive, the ministry of home affairs had asked the chief secretary, home secretary and director-general of police to implement several measures, like setting up an exclusive 'crime against women and children' desk, special women's police cell in each police station and at least one all-women police station in each district, remove delays in registering FIRs, make all efforts to immediately apprehend all accused named in an FIR to generate confidence in victims and their families. The Centre had also directed the three bureaucrats to submit a compliance report on the circular. \"We have no information if a compliance report was submitted to the Centre,'' a senior bureaucrat admitted.In fact, senior police and home department officials had no clue about the circular. However, a senior IPS official said on Saturday that the state government is in the process of setting up an exclusive crime against women and children desk in each police station and that a minimum of five women constables will be deployed in smaller police stations and 10 in bigger police stations. \"It's indeed a grim and disappointing situation. Complaints are still being received about non-registration of FIRs and the unsympathetic attitude of the law-enforcing agencies towards women. We wake only after a major incident and after a brief period, we are back to square one. If we are serious, then we will need deliberate planning to halt the rising crime against women,'' the bureaucrat said.The circular added that cases should be thoroughly investigated and charge sheets filed within three months, without compromising on the quality of investigation. Speedy investigation should conducted in heinous crime like rape and the medical examination of rape victims should be done without delay. Proper supervision should be ensured at appropriate levels in cases of crime against women, from recording an FIR till the disposal of the case by the competent court. Concerned departments of the state government could handle rape victims at all stages from filing a complaint in a police station to undergoing forensic examination and provide assistance like counselling, legal assistance and rehabilitation.The state government should develop specialized sexual treatment units and set up rape crisis centres in state-run hospitals. The rape crisis centres could assist victims and provide appropriate level of coordination between the police and the health department for medical examination to establish forensic evidence and treatment after sexual assault.Further, the Centre had asked the state government to set up fast track courts and family courts for speedy disposal of pending cases, enhance the number of women constables in mobile vans, increase vigil around call centres, identify crime-prone areas and set up a mechanism to monitor infractions in schoolscolleges. To ensure the safety and security of female students, women police officers in adequate number, fully equipped with policing infrastructure, should be posted in such areas, the circular said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17726360", "title": "Minors forced into sex trade after marriage", "text": "MYSORE: Since April 2011, Mysore Child Welfare Committee has received 24 cases of child marriages.\"Three minor girls in the 15-18 age group were pushed into prostitution after they were promised jobs.They were rescued during police raids. It's difficult to identify the culprits other than the brothel operators because girls get shifted from place to place over a period,\" says State Home for Girls' superintendent Geethalakshmi.CWC member M L Parashuram says child marriage amounts to child abuse. \"We do follow-ups to ensure the girl child is secure even after she is sent back to her parents. If girls do not wish to go back, we keep them in homes and rehabilitate them,\" he said. Parashuram says they are also treating girl child labour cases seriously.Deputy director of the department of the women and child development N Vijay said the department has formed 'Kaval Samithi' to ensure safety of women and children in the district.All 242 gram panchayaths have this samithi, which is headed by GP president. All panchayat development officers are being educated on child marriages, child abuse, Juvenile Justice Act and Domestic Violence Act.However, some cases of harassment and child abuse go unreported for various reasons, he added.Teacher suspended for misbehaviourA government school teacher was suspended for allegedly misbehaving with a girl in T Narasipura in Mysore on Saturday. \"Gargeshwari, a school teacher, is suspected to have misbehaved with a class VII student during class hours. Education department officials suspended him after a complaint,\" said T Narasipura police. But police has not received any complaint from school authorities, SDMC members or the victim's parents. T N Narasipura BEO Lokesh and DDPI Basavaraj did not comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17725526", "title": "Joseph O'Brian has tough task on Sunday", "text": "MUMBAI: Epsom Derby winning jockey Joseph O'Brien, on his first ever tour of India, will have first serious assignment when he rides Pesi Shroff-trained Montezuma in the Nakshatra Indian 2000 Guineas (Grade 1), the feature event of the Sunday's Mumbai races.The 20-year-old rode Shroff's 4-year-old gelding Shahenshah in the Edgar Desylva Trophy last Thursday where the gelding lost a thriller in the last strides to Destined To Glory.O'Brian on Montezuma has a tough task at hand as the race has a big field of 18 contenders and many of them have a real chance of winning. Montezuma has won his both the two starts very impressively and has given enough indication that he can land the top prize of Rs 40,85,700 on Sunday.Many thought he rode a good race last Thursday on Shahenshah though it appeared he made his move a bit earlier at around 500mts on Mahalaxmi racecourse's famous 600 metres long stretch. He was travelling well and appeared a winner until he was caught near the distant post and beaten by a neck.O'Brien has already racked up an impressive tally of big-race winners, with the highlight being his memorable win on his father Aidan O'Brien's Camelot in the Epsom and Irish Derbys.The young lad had made a solid start to his career in the saddle as a 16-year-old in 2009 and never looked back since. He is among many of the top international saddle artists who have made their mark on Indian racing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17726535", "title": "Houseful and beyond: Gender is the focus", "text": "BANGALORE: Down a cobblestone pathway, into Gubbi Veeranna's Chitramandira, the stage is intense with emotions of bygone years and stories that are hot off the editing table.As multiplexes in the city go beyond houseful, Biffes is bursting with a melodrama of screenplays and story telling techniques, transcending borders between festival and commercial viewing. Lessons In Forgetting, a Bangalore-made English film with a sprinkling of Tamil, is resonant with the subtle melodrama that brings to surface gender biases that, till date, govern the way a woman treads the roles of a mother, a daughter and the other avatars within and without.\"This film is an adaptation of Anita Nair's novel, also by the same name. We chose to adapt this story to film, because both the producer and I have teenage daughters and this touched a chord deep within us,\" says Unni Vijayan, who bagged the title for outstanding achievement in international feature filmmaking at the Williamsburg Film Festival in New York earlier this year.In fact, this film has many bests - the foremost actor in Adil Hussain at the New Jersey Independent South Asian Cine Fest, Roshni Achreja as the best supporting actress and Roshan NG as the best make-up artist at the Sunset International Film Festival, Los Angeles . All this with a Bangalore-bred team comprising Manoviraj Khosla as constume designer, Ganesh Kumaresh as the music man, and Anita Nair as the screenplay writer, nascent to the craft of feature filmmaking.With the film steering towards the commercial circuit starting March 2013, was this nouveau endeavour a gamble? \"Not at all, for our entire team worked on the trust that each would deliver his/her passionate best and tread the unbeaten road,\" said Unni.As with Anita, for whom, writing the screenplay of this film was a task outside her comfort zone, \"With my novels, I have no limitations of space or words. While writing this screenplay, I learnt that less is more and what the video shows, needn't be said in so many words,\" she elucidates.As novel routes to storytelling unfurl, moving images draw audiences en mass, as multiplexes and big screens hosting the BIFF repertoire draw veteran and novice film buffs within their all encompassing fold.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17725618", "title": "2 held in Gujarat businesswoman's murder case", "text": "MUMBAI: With the arrest of two men on Friday, the Kasturba Marg police claimed to have solved the murder case of a businesswoman from Gujarat. Two more persons are wanted.Bharati Jaiswal and her friend, Jaydeep Patel, came to Mumbai on October 26 and were abducted by the four. Jaiswal was killed and her body dumped at Kanjurmarg, while Patel escaped and lodged an FIR.Those arrested are Raju, a waiter, and Jairam Gonda (27). \"The accused thought the duo had a lot of money. When they found only Rs 50,000, they killed Jaiswal,\" said inspector S Salunkhe. Rizwan Khan and Raju Gonda (26), believed to be in Nepal and Kolkata respectively, are still at large.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17724990", "title": "Dense fog disrupts air traffic, 2 international flights delayed", "text": "LUCKNOW: Hundreds of air travellers were left in the lurch, as heavy fog disrupted air traffic at Amausi airport on Saturday morning. More than half-a-dozen flights, including two international were reported to have arrived late by around four to five hours as visibility conditions dipped dramatically. According to reports, four morning flights from Delhi arrived at least four hours late. The Jet Airways flight from Delhi, 9W-303, was scheduled to arrive at Amausi airport at around 6.15 am. However, the flight arrived only after 11.00 am when visibility conditions improved to some extent. Likewise, the Jet Konnect too arrived more than four hours behind its scheduled time of 6.15 am. Even the Indigo and Air India flight from Delhi, scheduled to arrive at 7.30 am and 8.15 am landed after noon, much to the discomfort of waiting passengers.The international flights which were delayed because of poor visibility conditions included those from Dubai and Muscat. In fact, some of the morning flights arrived after 1.00 pm. The Jet airways flight from Indore (9W2513), having a scheduled arrival time of 9.40 am, arrived at Amausi airport after 1.05 pm.Flight operations returned to some normalcy in the afternoon, only to get affected by late evening when visibility started dipping once again. Flights like Jet Konnect from Delhi arrived after 7.00 pm, as compared to its scheduled arrival time of 5.15 pm.Airport sources said that the airlines were cautious of the visibility conditions in Lucknow. \"Only when enough visibility is confirmed, airlines start operating,\" said an airline official. Airport sources said that some of the morning flights may get suspended in case visibility conditions do not improve.This is despite installation of CAT-II navigation system, which enables the pilots to land aircraft even when the runway visibility is just 350 metres. The upgraded system helps the pilot during fog and heavy rainfall. The system improves upon the previous one, where in-flight operation happens when the visibility is at least 800 metres. The instrument landing system is a ground-based system that provides guidance to an aircraft in approaching and landing on a runway by a combination of radio signals and high intensity lighting arrays.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17725638", "title": "Ban on trucks triggers jam on DND", "text": "NOIDA: With heavy vehicles not bound for Delhi being turned away in keeping with the Supreme Court directive, the toll plaza at DND flyway got jammed on Friday night. After the municipal corporation issued a letter to implement the ban on diesel vehicles into the capital, the plaza saw hundreds of commuters getting stuck along with the trucks for over an hour.The ban came into force a few days ago after a communication was received from the directorate of the local bodies, Delhi.On December 6, 2001, the apex court had passed orders banning the entry of vehicles that do not comply with the Bharat Stage-II pollution norms and that are not destined for Delhi. In compliance with the directive, a meeting under the chairmanship of Bhure Lal, chairman of Environment Pollution Control Authority (EPCA) was held in Delhi last week. It was ordered that \"non-destined Delhi vehicles/trucks\" be turned back from border points. The DND toll operator said \"they had been asked to make arrangements for a U-turn facility\" at the toll plaza. \"We have started implementing the order and asked truck drivers to find an alternative route,\" said a spokesperson for Noida Toll Bridge Co Ltd (NTBCL). \"This has caused traffic congestion as nearly 400-500 trucks use the flyway to enter Delhi from Noida,\" he added.Pleading helplessness at dealing with the congestion, the toll operator said they would soon write to the authorities concerned for assistance.\"Turning back the vehicles/trucks takes time as all destination papers of the vehicles have to be checked. This leads to a pile-up,\" the NTBCL official said.The 'top priority' directive from EPCA has been issued to all authorities monitoring points of entry into Delhi from the neighbouring states of Uttar Pradesh and Haryana.Taking a serious note of the drop in air quality and the smog cover that has engulfed the city, the SC-appointed body had asked Delhi, Haryana, Punjab and Uttar Pradesh governments to take immediate steps to cut pollution in a meeting held in November.EPCA said the governments need to work with one accord for improvement of air quality in Delhi. Government officials of all the states had in turn told EPCA that they would crack down on polluting vehicles, particularly diesel vehicles, to prevent them from entering Delhi from the neighbouring states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17726176", "title": "Manohar Parrikar wants Maharashtra govt to 'control its people'", "text": "PANAJI: Goa cast it's first salvo in the Tillari agitation issue with state chief minister Manohar Parrikar terming the ongoing protest inside the canal a \"political one; made political by some people in Maharashtra\". He has urged the \"Maharashtra government to control its people\".Speaking at a function in Panaji, the BJP CM said, \"The state secretaries have discussed and clearly expressed (the opinion) that this is a political battle between the NCP and the Congress parties in Maharashtra.\"Calling the issue \"a political mess by the Maharashtra government\", he said he would speak to Maharashtra chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on the issue and \"tell him clearly that this is a violation of all agreements and MoUs\". \"If there is any issue to be resolved, it should be done as per the MoU that had been signed, and nothing will be done beyond the MoU,\" stressed Parrikar.While he did not elaborate on the MoU, the protesters claim that in 1990, then Goa chief minister Churchill Alemao agreed that 600 ha of land would be set aside in Bicholim and Pernem talukas for those displaced from the Tillari dam's command area and that the rehabilitated would be given employment priority in Goa. The agitators want the latter \"promise\" kept. In the meanwhile, the Maharashtra government has refused to release water for the last 13 days-the period of the ongoing agitation-affecting especially farmers in three of Goa's talukas-Bicholim, Pernem and Bardez.Expressing annoyance over the situation, Parrikar minced no words: \"If the issue is not resolved, I know how to teach a lesson. I don't want to teach a lesson to the people of the area, but to the government of Maharashtra\".\"You can stop traffic by sitting on the roads, can you stop water (by sitting in the canal)... this is the first time we are seeing this,\" said Parrikar, adding that one foot of water should be released as this would not kill the protesters but would help in clearing them from the site.He said Goa has borne 76% of the project's cost though the assets are in the neighbouring state, and the Maharashtra government is obliged to release water under the MoU. Further claiming he had opposed taking forward work on the Tillari project in 2002, he said the agreement on the project was signed in the early 1990's by then chief minister Churchill Alemao \"without thinking\".NCP's Goa unit president Surendra Sirsat said it would wait for another two days to see if the Goa and Maharashtra governments come up with a solution to the issue before its representatives speak to their party counterparts in Maharashtra. Sirsat said that if required a delegation would meet NCP leaders in Maharashtra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17725659", "title": "Congress trashes Parkash Singh Badal's claim over use of funds", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The explanation given by Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal over charges of diversion of funds to his constituency, Lambhi, and their misuse to garner votes, has been trashed by leader of opposition Sunil Jakhar.Jakhar, who had leveled the charges, said, \"Parkash Singh Badal cannot exonerate himself of his constitutional obligation by issuing one-sided uncontested claim on the allegation of misappropriation of central funds meant for poor in his constituency to lure voters and seek political dividends during the 2012 assembly elections.\"Saying that funds \"were released in a jiffy just before the model code of conduct was about to be imposed\", Jakhar said, \"The statement made on the floor of the house in absence of opposition members has no relevance and the opposition charge against him stand as such for the budget session.\"Congress had boycotted the remaining winter session of the assembly after house speaker Charanjit Singh Atwal suspended Congres MLA Rana Gurjit Singh for using abusive language. Jakhar said, \"Congress had held parleys with the speaker and had requested him to arrange for live telecast of the proceedings of the house. But the ruling alliance not only orchestrated disruption, but a minister used abusive language against opposition members of the legislative assembly. The speaker acted in a partisan member. The deputy chief minister addressed empty benches to justify law and order situation in Punjab through comparative analysis with other states. He seems to be ignorant of ground reality as most crimes remain unreported and unregistered in the state.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17725724", "title": "Commuters harried as fog hits traffic", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Thick fog on Saturday threw traffic out of gear on Tricity roads as harried commuters were forced to snail-drive their vehicles with stretches reeling under bottlenecks due to almost zero visibility.The maximum impact of fog was on the outskirts of Panchkula and Mohali. The five busy points, including railway light point, transport light point and Kishan Bhawan light point-35, witnessed jams despite having operational traffic lights.Chandigarh traffic police is yet to make any specific policy to tackle traffic problems during the upcoming foggy season. On Saturday, traffic cops distributed red reflectors among cyclists, rickshaw-pullers and rehri pullers in the city.More than 250 reflectors were given out at transport light point-26 and more than 800 would be distributed in the coming days.DSP (traffic) Kamaldeep Singh, \"Saturday was the first day when thick fog was witnessed. We will review the duty hours and deployment chart of traffic police personnel in the city within three days.\"At present, around 310 traffic police personnel are deployed at different roundabouts, traffic lights etc to regulate traffic flow in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17724646", "title": "Hyderabad rises against Delhi gang rape", "text": "HYDERABAD: Thousands of people marched on the streets of Hyderabad on Saturday to protest the brutal gang rape of a 23-year-old paramedical student in the nation's capital and the inability of security agencies to curb crime against women. About 5,000 people assembled at Jal Vihar on the Necklace Road for a silent protest early morning, but within minutes of beginning of the march, angry protesters shouted slogans defying norms laid by organizers.'No second chances, no justification, just hang 'em,\" shouted a few as others joined in waving placards and roared: \"Don't tell us what to wear. Tell your sons not to rape,\" referring to the six rapists, who not only took turns to rape the student on the night of December 16, but beat up her and her male friend badly with rods, stripped them off their clothes and pushed them out of a moving bus. \"Well, the idea was to have a silent protest, but I guess the anger is against the brutality,\" Prajwal Ponappa of Twist-n-Turns Dance Academy, the organizers of the march, told STOI.The rape triggered nationwide outrage and bringing thousands of Delhites onto the streets to protest the incident and also highlight how loopholes in the legal system allow rapists to go scot-free. Leading experts have debated over the past week on how India needs stronger rules and capital punishment for rape.Protesters, mainly young men, women and also older citizens marched towards IMAX theatres and onto the People's Plaza with some shouting: \"You rape a girl because her clothes are provocative? I am gonna punch your face.\"Police had a tough time controlling the marchers and huge traffic snarls were reported from various parts of the city as motorists could only wait and watch for sometime until the protesters decided to call it a day after nearly two hours.Later in the day, another rally, this time by the women's group Bhumika, forced police to divert traffic from the vicinity of Indira Park as about 1000 people took part in a silent rally against the Delhi rape and increasing crime against women.Students, young techies, housewives and people from civil societies all covered their faces with a black cloth to condemn the Delhi rape and waved placards that said: \"Stop rape, fight back\" and \"My skirt is not responsible for your inability to control yourself.\"A group of students from St Francis College said rape should be made a non-bailable offence. \"It is our small way of expressing solidarity with the victim,\" G Monika, a mass communication student said after the demonstration.There were about 50 participants who had come from Safa community centre in First Lancer, working for empowering women. \"That girl could be anybody's friend so we need to stand up and raise a voice against it,\" said S Kartik, a techie from Toli Chowki.Rape is not just confined to Delhi, but in recent months incidents of crime against women have been increasing in various parts of the country including Hyderabad, Bangalore and cities in Haryana and Kerala among others.A five-year-old girl from Bidar in Karnataka is recuperating in a city hospital after she was stolen in her sleep and raped by a man who wanted to take revenge on her family.\"Women have suffered a lot and rape should not happen to anybody and people who do so must be severely punished,\" Safia Begum from Safa added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17726517", "title": "Ranji Trophy: Pawar, Chavan lift Mumbai", "text": "INDORE: Patience and perseverance are two key factors in the longer format. Mumbai's Kaustubh Pawar (89*, 270b, 14x4) and Madhya Pradesh's Ishwar Pandey (19-6-28-4) showed the qualities in plenty in a topsy turvy first day's play of the Ranji Trophy match, at the Holkar Stadium, on Saturday.While Pawar ensured Mumbai didn't succumb to Pandey's bowling, the latter kept picking up wickets to slow down the visitors on a lively wicket. Mumbai got a reprieve when Pandey left the field with a calf strain but the twin strikes at the stroke of tea had already put them on backfoot. Though the MP wrecker-in-chief returned after 50 minutes, he didn't bowl allowing Mumbai to claw back into the game. Mumbai were 235 for 5 at the end of the first day's play.At 155-5 - with no frontline batsman to support Pawar - Mumbai were in a spot of bother. However, Pawar, in company of Ankeet Chavan , denied MP with an unbeaten 80-run stand just like they did when the two teams met here last year.Pawar had batted for eight hours on that occasion that had sealed the semifinal spot for Mumbai. This time, too, he made his presence felt. Except for the chance he offered on 75, Pawar was flawless in his approach and batted in a traditional fashion. He left a lot of deliveries but played some glorious drives through the off side. Unlike his teammates, he mostly played close to the body and showed required application on a helpful wicket.Pandey's absence on the field hurt MP. Another spell from him would have made the difference as he looked threatening every time he came to bowl. Pandey was relentless in his line and length ever since Devendra Buldela won the toss and put Mumbai in.Wasim Jaffer looked in excellent touch and his backfoot punch off the second ball was enough evidence of his class. A couple of boundaries on the leg side, too, were a treat to watch before Harpreet Singh's brilliant diving catch at second slip cut short Jaffer's brief stay.Hiken Shah, too, fell to Pandey and if Bundela had held on to a regulation catch at slip of Aditya Tare (42, 89b, 8x4) off Ankit Sharma, Mumbai would have found it difficult in the morning session. While Tare kept playing his shots, Pawar was prepared to work hard for his runs, although he showed his stroke-playing abilities in the post lunch session.Anand Rajan broke the 68-run third-wicket stand by removing Tare with a beautiful incoming delivery. But Pawar stood firm and stitched together another useful partnership with Abhishek Nayar . Pandey then stuck twice in three balls accounting for Nayar and Suryakumar Yadav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17726932", "title": "Jagadish Shettar plans to invoke Goonda Act to deal with crimes against women", "text": "Chief minister Jagadish Shettar's plan to invoke the provisions of the Goonda Act to deal with crimes against women couldn't have come sooner. That the government has not been very effective in cracking down on criminals who target women is to state the obvious. But at least now, the Shettar government is not only doing something to tackle the problem but is being seen as doing it. To equate these criminals with goondas and deny them bail till the case is investigated and reaches the courts is definitely welcome. It now remains for Mr Shettar to actually execute his idea, and the sooner he does, the better it will be.Related story : Out on the streets, a voice for women", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17724878", "title": "Scientific probe key to better conviction rate", "text": "BHOPAL: In the absence of an eyewitness or a witness often turning hostile during trial, scientific evidence collected by forensic experts may prove to be a major solution for better conviction rate in rape cases.But the solution does not seem to be going well with the police, which still banks on the medical report of the rape victim in most cases.\"The decision of calling the FSL team after reporting any crime, including rape is taken by the investigating official and not by the FSL unit,\" said DK Sharma, senior scientific officer of regional forensic lab, Bhopal.Going by conservative estimate, FSL party is not called in more than ten rape cases in a year for collecting evidence. While around 150 rapes are reported every year in city. Police argue that calling a FSL party depends on the severity of a crime.However, retired officials do not feel the same and believes that investigating officer needs to be more sensitive in tackling heinous crimes like rape. \"The FSL party should be mandatorily called in a rape case. Generally as there is no eyewitness in a rape case, scientific evidence is the key to get accused convicted.An investigating officer needs to be punished if he does not call FSL in such cases,\" said former director general of police Dinesh Jugran. He also underlined the need to have dedicated teams to investigate rape cases.Pointing out other ways to improve conviction rate in rape cases, deputy director (persecution) Satish Dinkar told TOI medical examination of a rape victim should be done at the earliest for getting the physical evidence. Getting a rape accused convicted is also a social responsibility and out of court settlements should not be promoted. There should also be some provisions for stopping the witness from turning hostile. Above all, speedy trial is the key to improve conviction rate in rape cases, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "saharsa", "code": "17725593", "title": "Youth try to gang-rape schoolgirl in running car", "text": "SAHARSA: A gang of hoodlums on Saturday allegedly attempted to abduct and gang-rape a 17-year-old schoolgirl here, triggering huge protest in the town. The tension is all the more as the victim and the hoodlums belong to mutually warring castes. The victim's sympathizers have given call for a down-to-dusk Saharsa bandh on Sunday.Saharsa SP A K Satyarthi confirmed the incident of abduction, but rubbished the charge of attempt to gang-rape the girl.Police said a youth, Animesh, went to a local Government Girls' High School around 12.30pm and asked the girl, Poonam Kumari (name changed), that her brother, Golu Yadav, was calling her at the school gate. When the girl, who is a Class X student, reached the school gate, she was forcibly pushed into a waiting car allegedly by Animesh and his four friends whose faces were covered.She is learnt to have told her family members that the youth assaulted her in the moving car when she protested their bid to sexually molest her. She was attacked by a sharp blade on her right hand and has received at least half-a-dozen cut marks. Police said the boys kept moving the car for over 45 minutes on different roads outside the town and later dumped her near the Kutcheri Chowk as she kept resisting their bid to outrage her modesty.Later, an FIR was registered with a local police station against Animesh and his friends, who are yet to be identified, on the basis of the statement of her brother. Animesh, police said, works at the local office of a former MP. Poonam has been admitted to the Sadar hospital.Since the victim is the sister of an upcoming young politician, the news of the incident spread like a wild fire in the town. Shopkeepers downed their shutters in panic.Hearing about the incident, SP Satyarthi and SDPO Ashok Kumar Das visited the hospital and spoke to the victim. Police are conducting raids to nab the hoodlums.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17726405", "title": "Are primary health care facilities in remote areas a cause for concern?", "text": "Yes, they are a cause for concern because all services are not available at centres and there are only general practitioners and no specialists. Specialized services are simply not available. In one case, a patient had to be brought back home because the bed linen was not clean and the patient could not sleep on the bed of a primary health centre. Facilities need to be upgraded and improved facilities will help in reducing pressure on the Goa medical college, at Bambolim.Maria de Lourdes Bravo da Costa Rodrigues, retired assistant state librarian, MercesIt has been noticed that in certain cases doctors hardly visit centres in remote areas regularly. Even health centres in towns are not properly equipped and there are no proper health facilities for the needy. There should be no shortage of doctors given the number of doctors being produced in the state. The poor are voiceless and powerless.John Fernandes, advocate, QuepemHealth care in Goa is one of the best in India. Primary health centres, sub-centres, private medical practitioners and allied health care personnel are present in remote areas and doing good services to improve health care. Regular updating of knowledge should be done so that prompt diagnosis can be made. In case patients need further medical care, they can always be referred to higher centres in urban areas. So, I feel that with regular updating of knowleged and good transport facility, health care in rural areas can be improved.Milind Colvalkar, doctor, MapusaYes. It is definitely a cause for concern. Health care in remote areas in Goa is a very important matter of concern. Despite the existence of a good network in terms of primary health care centres and roads, the attention given to patients is still poor. Those that are referred to urban hospitals for better care don't receive adequate facilities due to the lack of influence or education. Providing primary health care in a place like Goa should be easy, however, patients continue to suffer as they cannot articulate their problems properly. Doctors and paramedical staff are majorly responsible for this scenario.Awdhut Prabhudessai, doctor, Colomb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17724720", "title": "Seven fake I-T officials held for looting businessman", "text": "HYDERABAD: Seven pseudo income-tax officers, who had 'seized' property worth Rs 15 lakh from a businessman's residence in Vanasthalipuram in October, were arrested by the Cyberabad police on Saturday.Cyberabad police commissioner Ch Dwaraka Tirumala Rao, in a press release, said fake I-T officers Nakka Raghu Kumar, Garikapati Naga Chiranjeevi Rao, Katikala Vivekanand alias Nani, Madda Raja Ranjith Kumar, Tiriveeri Madhu Babu, Venkata Subramanya Ravi Kiran and Gali Satyanarayana were arrested and 40 tolas of gold, 90 tolas of silver and Rs 2.3 lakh cash were recovered from them.A few persons posing as income-tax officials barged into the house of businessman A Srinivas Rao of Sharada Nagar, Vanasthalipuram, on October 19. During their 'thorough search' of the premises, the con artists pocketed gold and silver ornament besides cash.Following investigations, police came to know that it was Raghu Kumar, the kingpin, who hatched the plan to cheat the businessman. \"Raghu Kumar and Srinivas hail from Ilavaram village of Guntur district. He took five acre of land on lease from Srinivas and has been cultivating paddy there. He gained trust of Srinivas and helped him acquire large chunks of land in Guntur. Since Raghu was well aware about the financial deals of Srinivas, he hatched the plan to loot his wealth,'' police said.Raghu informed his plan to the other culprits and sent them to the residence of Srinivas as I-T officers. After the raid, one of the 'I-T officers' gave a fake letter to Srinivas and asked him to take back the valuables after producing bills.Though police were initially clueless about the case, they zeroed in on a couple of suspects based on call details and information given by Srinivas and his family members.\"Srinivas and his family members claimed they could recognise the six persons who came to their house. When the investigation started, Raghu was not in the picture. However, based on a few leads, we first nabbed some of the culprits and, based on their confession, the conspiracy and Raghu's role in it came to fore,\" Central Crime Station (CCS) inspector TNM Babji said.Police said the valuables recovered were intact since the culprits did not dispose of the booty. \"As the culprits were first-time offenders, they had no idea how to dispose of the valuables,'' Babji added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17725010", "title": "Rape victim found dead in Betul well", "text": "BHOPAL: A teenaged girl, who was allegedly raped in a village of Betul district four-and-a half-months ago, was found dead under mysterious circumstances on Friday evening. The victim, a 17-year-old girl, who lived in Rambha village, 90 km from district headquarters, was allegedly raped on September 4. The main accused Bheem and his three accomplices were arrested under the Section 363, 376, 368 IPC and sent to jail a couple of months ago.SP Lalit Shakyakar said after the incident, the girl was shifted to her uncle's house, but recently she went missing.The body was recovered from a well on Friday night.Quoting forensic expertswho visited the site, police officers said that it appears to be a case of suicide. More details would be known after the post-mortem. \"She must have died a week ago as the body was in a decomposed state,\" said the officer.The police are also trying to ascertain it was a case of honour killing. Investigations are on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17726228", "title": "22-year-old worker killed in freak mishap", "text": "MANGALORE: A 25-year-old worker was washed away and died after a water pipe burst at Naguri in the city on Saturday.The deceased has been identified as Raju, a native of from Andhra Pradesh. Police sources said that Raju and three other workers, all from Andhra Pradesh , were working for construction of a drainage at Simon Lane in Naguri. Meanwhile, an earthmoving machine was digging near where they were working. The tragedy occurred when the JCB hit an underground water supply pipe. All the four workers were flung away when water started gushing out in full force. While three workers managed to escape, Raju was washed away and met a watery grave. Police personnel and fire brigade rushed to the spot.Sources said that the work on connecting drainage pipes was on from December 17 and expected to be completed on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17724365", "title": "Narendra Modi to move into 'North Block' in January", "text": "AHMEDABAD: While Narendra Modi may take some time to move to Delhi, he is poised to shift to a newly-built office in Gandhinagar which is already being unofficially dubbed as the 'North Block'. The move will happen soon after the 'kamurtas', or the inauspicious period that ends in mid-January. The Prime Minister, incidently, operates out of South Block in New Delhi.The new Rs 150-crore CMO complex, which has been readied in less than a year, has a south block too - modelled on the secretariat in the national capital \u00e2\u20ac\u201d where other ministers will operate. The complex will officially be called 'Panchamrut', meaning that elixir for six crore Gujaratis will flow from here.The four-storeyed complex \u00e2\u20ac\u201d spread across 35,000 sq ft \u00e2\u20ac\u201d has been built by the Roads &amp; Buildings (R&B;) department and designed by a leading Ahmedabad-based architect who designed the Gujarat high court and Amul Dairy building, apart from some corporate offices.Given security concerns, a lot of bullet proof glass has been used in the windows and doors. The centrally air-conditioned building has a special room for cabinet meetings and will be constantly under CCTV surveillance. \"The new CM office is directly connected to the first floor of the state assembly from where the CM, ministers and MLAs can enter the assembly hall,\" said a senior R&B; official.Modi took keen interest in every detail of the design. Currently, Modi's office is located on the fifth floor of block No.1 in Sachivalaya. Over the past few years, the scope of its activity has expanded considerably, under his centralised style of administration, with a number of staffers occupying space on the second, third and fourth floors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17725686", "title": "'Jundal's voice samples match'", "text": "MUMBAI: A two-page forensic science laboratory report confirmed that voice samples of Zabihuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal matched those of the tapped conversations between the 10 Pakistani terrorists and their handlers responsible for the 26/11 attacks in the city, said sources.The crime branch will now submit this report in court and seek his conviction.JCP (crime) Himanshu Roy said, \"This has strengthened our case. We will see to it that Jundal gets maximum punishment.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17724739", "title": "CPM seeks action against Navin Mittal", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Communist Party of India (Marxist) has filed a public interest petition in the AP high court seeking a direction to the state government to take action against former Hyderabad collector and present special commissioner of GHMC Navin Mittal and other officials for alleged irregularities in transfer of valuable government land to private parties. The petition contended that the transactions caused a loss of more than Rs 2000 crore to the exchequer.The petitioner, PSN Murthy, CPM Hyderabad district committee secretary, challenged the orders of mutation proceedings passed under the Andhra Pradesh (Telangana Area) Land Revenue Act during Mittal's tenure as collector.Most of the irregularities took place between 2006 and 2010 when 65 acres of the government land at Shaikpet, Gudimalkapur, Thirumalagiri and Bandlaguda, having a market value of about Rs 2,030 crore, was transferred to private individuals and institutions. Majority of the irregularities took place during the tenure of Naveen Mittal, the petitioner said. Mittal was the Hyderabad district collector between March 25, 2008 and April 8, 2010.The present Hyderabad district collector has in fact recommended to the government to take up proceedings under Section 166-B of the Act for correcting the erroneous mutation proceedings, the petitioner said.Murthy further submitted that the government had failed to take steps in protecting valuable government land and did not even order an inquiry into the land scams that took place in Hyderabad and Rangareddy districts. He urged the court to direct the authorities concerned to furnish the report regarding action taken till now on the land transfer irregularities.State chief secretary, principal secretary to revenue, chief commissioner of land administration, Hyderabad district collector, RDOs of Hyderabad and Secunderabad divisions and Naveen Mittal were named as respondents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17726366", "title": "Sushma Swaraj urges PM to call special Parliament session for tougher anti-rape law", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP and CPM on Saturday demanded that a special session of Parliament be convened to toughen anti-rape laws, but were divided on prescribing death penalty for the crime.Leader of opposition in the Lok Sabha Sushma Swaraj spoke to PM Manmohan Singh on Saturday evening and urged him to convene a special session of Parliament for amending the existing law to provide death sentence for heinous crimes against women.\"I have just spoken to Prime Minister. I requested Prime Minister for a special session of Parliament to frame a law to provide for exemplary punishment for crimes against women,\" Swaraj said, on social networking site Twitter, after speaking to the PM.The senior BJP leader claimed that PM Singh has agreed to consider the suggestion for a special session. \"Prime Minister said he will consider this suggestion,\" Swaraj tweeted.The demand came on a day when the protest against gangrape of a physiotherapy intern appeared to be taking an anti-Congress hue, and was supported by CPM.However, CPM leader along with civil liberties activists did not support the demand for widening the legal regime to include death penalty against rapists. \"Immediate delivery of justice to the accused is most important. Capital punishment is not a deterrent by itself\", CPM leader Sitaram Yechury said.Only stringent laws are not enough, the whole system needs to be overhauled, the Politburo member said, adding \"effective policing and quicker and effective delivery of justice is absolutely important\".Civil liberties activists, belonging to the People's Union for Civil Liberties (PUCL), were in agreement. PUCL's Kavita Srivastav said, \"It's a populist move that does not address the real issue. The debate on capital punishment is a diversion; it ends up putting the victim at risk.\"The demand for a special session coincided with indications that the protesters had begun to target Congress. Many in the crowd on the Raisina Hill shouted slogans against Congress chief Sonia Gandhi \u00e2\u20ac\u201d reminiscent of the anti-corruption movement last year.The use of water canon, tear gas and mild baton charge to disperse protesters who repeatedly defied orders to leave the prohibited zone drew criticism from the Opposition which targeted both PM Singh and Congress chief Sonia Gandhi for not engaging with the agitators. \"The Prime Minister ought to have spoken to them. The police ought to have been sensitive. The way they have been lathi charged, water cannon thrown at them and also the whole handling of the police and the administration is deeply regrettable and condemnable. BJP condemns the police action outright,\" said party spokesperson Ravi Shankar Prasad.In sharp contrast to the opposition from Left and civil liberty activists to death penalty, BJP highlighted that it has consistently argued that those convicted for rape deserved to be sent to gallows.\"I have always maintained that rapist(s) should be punished with death sentence. I have also moved a private members bill for this,\" Swaraj said on the Twitter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17725336", "title": "Samajwadi Party MP Brijbhushan Singh surrenders in Babri Masjid case", "text": "LUCKNOW: Samajwadi Party MP Brijbhushan Singh and former Shiv Sena MLA Pawan Pandey on Saturday surrendered before the special CBI court, hearing the Babri Masjid demolition case, after non-bailable warrants were issued against them. The court had on December 17 issued warrants against them for their continued absence in the court during the trial. According to CBI, the judge has now recalled the warrants and fixed December 24 as the next date for recording evidence of the witnesses in the case.On Saturday, Singh appealed before the court and said that he was attending Parliamentary session, whereas Pandey said that he had fallen sick on the previous date and due to which they could not turn up.Singh was the Bharatiya Janata Party MP from Gonda at the time of the demolition. He is not only accused in Babri mosque demolition case but was also jailed earlier under the Terrorist and Disruptive Activities (Prevention) Act (TADA) for alleged links with underworld don Dawood Ibrahim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17724492", "title": "Fog hits train movement in Kanpur", "text": "KANPUR: Dense fog had hit train movement. On Saturday several trains were reportedly running late by five to six hours. A few trains were late for more than eight to ten hours. Shatabdi Express and Rajdhanis were also reported to be running behind schedule. Kanpur-New Delhi Shatabdi Express and Gomti Express had been cancelled by the railway authorities.Trains 12502 Samparkkranti Exp, 12816 Puri Exp, 18102 Muri Exp, 12488 Seemanchal Exp, 12312 Kalka Mail, 14084 Mahananda Exp, 12506 Neelanchal Exp, 15107 Mathura Exp, 11123 Gwalior Mail, 18204 Betwa Exp, 19054 Muzzafarpur Surat Exp, 12605 North East Exp, 12003 Shatabdi Exp, 15015 Yashwantpur Exp, 14084 Mahananda Exp, Swarnshatabdi Express and several others were running late.The situation was worse on Friday night as trains were arriving late at Kanpur Central railway station. The passengers had a tough time. They had to brave the chilly winds. The passengers had to wait for long to board trains trains heading towards Lucknow. A large number of passengers boarded Sabarmati Express for reaching Lucknow. This train reached Lucknow at 1.30 am and was one hour late. The passengers had to rely on local trains running between the two cities but these were also latel due to fog. Members of a family were waiting for the arrival of Howrah-Jodhpur Exp at platform number of Kanpur Central as the train was over five hours late. Another family was eagerly waiting for the arrival of Puri Exp, which was late by six hours.Several other passengers were forced to wait for the trains on the platforms as the waiting halls had no space left to accommodate more. Many passengers had to brave the chilly winds. Most of them had covered the head and face with shawls, scarfs and mufflers.With display boards updating the timings of the arrival of the trains, the passengers were witnessed thronging the book stalls or buying tea, coffee and snacks at tea stalls.A senior railway official said that the passengers will have to bear as nothing could be done except providing the right information about the arrival of trains. The drivers have been instructed to run trains at a slow speed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17725877", "title": "Spurned youth stabs girl in college, kills self", "text": "MUMBAI: A spurned college student stabbed his classmate eight to 10 times on the staircase of the Chetana College of Commerce at Bandra East, where the two studied, before classes began on Saturday. Nikhil Bankar (22) then stabbed himself in the abdomen, succumbing to the injuries. The 21-year-old victim, Meenal (name changed), underwent a four-hour surgery and is critical.A week ago, police held a seminar at Chetana College to sensitize the youth, emphasizing on women's safety and encouraging them to come forward with complaints.Nikhil and Meenal, final-year BMS students, had been classmates for three years. Police said the two were in a relationship for over a year. Their parents were opposed to it and the couple drifted apart. For the past month and a half, Nikhil had been trying to force her back into a relationship.Meenal's uncle, who is her local guardian, complained to the Kherwadi police and the college management about this, following which Nikhil's parents were summoned and he was counselled.Around 8.30am on Saturday, Meenal and three of her friends stepped out of the washroom on the first floor. They were climbing the rear staircase between the first and second floors when they passed Nikhil. He was clasping something in his bag, witnesses said. Lectures were yet to start and the national anthem was on when Nikhil came from behind and grabbed Meenal's hand. He pulled her around to face him and stabbed her eight to 10 times. When Meenal's friends rushed to her rescue, Nikhil brandished the knife at them. As the girls began screaming, he turned the knife on himself, plunging it into his abdomen and vital organs. Housekeeping staff, who had reached the staircase, picked up the couple with the help of two other boys and took them to Gurunanak Hospital in Kalanagar. Nikhil died of his injuries soon after.Nikhil, whose father is a sales tax officer, used to stay at the government quarters in Kherwadi. Relatives said his mother, who is hypertensive, and his paralytic grandmother haven't been told of his death. Nikhil has a younger sister who has recently joined the BMC.Meenal's friends said she had planned to go abroad after completing her BMS. She had put up with her uncle at Kalina because her parents stayed at Mira Road.Dr Narendra Sharma at the Gurunanak Hospital said Meenal is on a ventilator in ICCU. The injuries to her abdomen and hand have led to massive blood loss. \"We had to give her 10 units of blood. We cannot say anything for the next 72 hours. She is battling for life as of now,\" a doctor said. During Saturday's surgery, doctors sutured stab wounds on her abdomen, small intestines and both hands.A month ago, Meenal's uncle filed a non-cognizable complaint against Nikhil with the Kherwadi police and sub-inspector Rakesh Pagare summoned Nikhil and his mother for counselling. Meenal's family also lodged a complaint with the college coordinator, who took a written undertaking of good behaviour from Nikhil.\"Nikhil's mother told the college coordinator that Meenal used to tease him. Meenal's mother wrote a letter to the coordinator saying Nikhil was trying to force her daughter into a relationship. There were also other complaints filed by both groups about taking away of a cellphone and pen drives,\" additional commissioner Vishwas Nangre Patil said. \"The couple had had arguments in college earlier but there was no fresh dispute on Saturday.\"Nikhil's uncle, Prakash Salve, said the youth's father had a heart ailment and was inconsolable. Nikhil's friends described him as an introvert who did not have many friends in the colony and did not attend events and pujas.Reconstructing his actions on Saturday morning, a police officer said: \"Nikhil had picked up a kitchen knife while leaving home and hid it in his bag. His mother was making rotis in the kitchen while the rest of the family was asleep. He told his mother that he wasn't hungry and gave her no hint of his plan.\" The youth had left his cellphone at home.The Kherwadi police have posthumously booked Nikhil in a case of attempt to commit murder.Victim's uncle had approached copsMeenal's uncle, who is her local guardian, had complained to the Kherwadi police and the college management, following which Nikhil Bankar's parents were summoned and he was counselled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17726805", "title": "Politicians fail to cut ice with protesters", "text": "Among the thousands of unknown and angry faces in the sea of protesters, there were some known faces, looking a bit lost. Politicians from different parties took the opportunity to make an appearance. The first to turn up was CPI(M) leader Brinda Karat , who is also an active AIDWA member. Karat, addressing the crowd, supported the people's demand for capital punishment for rapists. \"The conviction rates are so low for rapes in this country that people are anxious. They fear that this too will go the same way. I am appalled by the fact that the government hasn't responded yet. There is no accountability whatsoever. The home minister made such arrogant statements yesterday. The PM should respond now when thousands have g at h e re d here.\"Several protesters from AAP (Aam Aadmi Party), including Manish Sisodia, Kumar Vishwas, Shazia Ilmi and Gopal Rai, led their team to the front, trying to gain entry into North Block. They demanded an emergency Parliament session to address the issue. Later, while addressing the crowd, a senior AAP member slammed Samajwadi Party leader and former actress Jaya Bachchan for being part of a political party that has several leaders facing rape charges. AAP, which woke up on this issue quite late, is now trying to catch up.BJP's Delhi president Vijender Gupta slammed the police for the lathicharge and teargassing of the young crowd. \"This protest reflects the feelings of the city's youth and the administration is trying to suppress them,\" said Gupta.Another known face, former army chief VK Singh, told the protesters: \"Police reforms have been lying in cold storage for the past so many years. Why haven't they done anything about it? Why do we have to hear from a police commissioner that he doesn't have manpower? It is shameful.\"Besides bigwigs some student politicians from NSUI and ABVP, student wings of Congress and BJP , respectively, also reached the venue. However, the students chose to keep a distance from them. \"We came here for a genuine cause because we felt very strongly for it. We wanted to stay back here till the end, but now with these student politicians trying to act as our leader, we would prefer to go back home,\" said Himanshu, a DU student, who along with a group of friends left for home by late evening.Meanwhile, Baba Ramdev will be at India Gate with 6,000 supporters on Sunday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17725710", "title": "Poor visibility grounds all flights from Chandigarh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: As thick fog completely engulfed the City Beautiful on Saturday, all flights, operating from the Chandigarh airport, remained cancelled on Saturday because of poor visibility at the runway.Director Chandigarh Airport, Captain H S Toor, told TOI that visibility at local airport was measured less than 400 metres on Saturday, resulting in cancellation of all civilian flights. He added that the Instrument Landing System (ILS) - a navigation aid required for easy landing of flights in poor visibility conditions - also failed to work. The present category of ILS helps in landing only if the visibility level is 1,200 metres or above.There are around 22 regular flights from Chandigarh airport to Delhi, Mumbai and Jammu, Amritsar and Srinagar, Leh, Jaipur and various connecting flights for major domestic destinations.Air India, Go Air, Jet Airways , Indigo, Spicejet and Kingfisher are major players operating from local airport. With the cancellation of flights due to fog on Saturday at the local airport, more than 2,000 passengers were stranded.Station manager of Air India Chandigarh, M R Jindal told TOI that due to meteorological conditions, they have issued instructions to its passengers to check the flight status before leaving for airport.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17724952", "title": "Multi-level parking project hits wall", "text": "BHOPAL: Delay in the transfer of land near New Market from the state social justice department to the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) is delaying the development of multi-level parking at the city's shopping hub, if the BMC officials are to be believed.\"The corporation has completed all necessary documentation for getting the land transferred from the social justice department. We are waiting for the department to complete the rest of documentation,\" BMC commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastava said, adding, \"Since all proceedings are carried out by the state government, it cannot be commented how much time it will take for the transfer of land.\"However, requesting anonymity, Bhopal Municipal Corporation officials said, \"It is to our knowledge that the land will be transferred in a month to the corporation. After this, the construction of the six storey multi-level parking will begin here.\"The BMC has marked 2.5 acre of land of the social justice department for developing a multi-level parking for the convenience of New Market visitors.\"We needed a land close to the market so that visitors can easily walk to the market after parking vehicles,\" Shrivastava said. \"However, we may get the possession of the land by the month-end owing to administrative issues,\" he added.BMC officials said around 5,000 two and four-wheelers ply in and around New Market every day.There are more than 1,000 small, medium and big shops in the area. Considering vehicular traffic, the shopping hub of the city has a limited existing parking space.Currently, not more than 2,000 vehicles, including two and four-wheelers, can be parked in the marked parking areas officially marked by the BMC.The proposed parking space can accommodate more than 3,000 vehicles at a time in an organized manner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17726208", "title": "Goa state pollution control board officials inspect Sada garbage dump", "text": "PANAJI: As smoke keeps emanating from the small fires beneath the Sada garbage dump, officials from the Goa state pollution control board (GSPCB) inspected it on Saturday morning.Sources said that they have asked the Mormugao municipality to make efforts to totally extinguish the fires. The municipality has also been asked to begin segregated collection of garbage.Levinson Martins, member secretary of the GSPCB, told STOI that the GSPCB had spoken to the chief officer and chairperson of the MMC. Martins added that it was high time the MMC started door-to-door collection of segregated garbage.Martins said that the fire was not easy to control, as there was methane gas trapped in the garbage, but said that it would be fully extinguished soon. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17725180", "title": "I-League: ONGC return to winning ways", "text": "NEW DELHI: The recent appointment of coach Santosh Kashyap and inspired performances by strikers Yusa Katsumi and Eric Brown paid handsome dividends for ONGC when they beat Shillong Lajong 3-0 in an I-League match at Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium on Friday. This defeat ended Lajong's four-match unbeaten streak.Delhi-based ONGC have struggled to win on the road and this would come as a huge boost. \"I took charge of the team three days ago and my strategy was to attack. We beat a very good team today. Targets should be realistic and our current objective is to be in the top 7,\" said Kashyap, who was sacked by Mohun Bagan in October.Nigerian Eric Brown broke the ice in the 19th minute when he slammed home a right-footer, latching on to a beautifully-delivered cross from the right by Sachin Gawas.ONGC's disciplined defence and alert goalkeeping by Rahenesh helped them quell Lajong's adventurous intentions.After changeover, ONGC doubled their lead in the 49th minute when Japanese import Katsumi's solo effort on the counter earned them the insurance. To make matters worse for the visitors, Katsumi and Brown's intelligent exchange of passes split the Lajong defence wide open. Katsumi killed the contest with a clinical finish.\"I wasn't too happy with the defence,\" lamented Lajong coach Desmond Bulpin.This win serves as a happy welcome for Kashyap as ONGC moved out of the relegation zone. They have 10 points from 12 matches. Lajong on the other hand, with 13 points, stayed put at 8th.In other matches, Pune FC took recorded a convincing 3-1 win over Prayag United SC while Joacquim Abranches scored one goal in each half as Dempo SC posted a facile 2-1 win over Pailan Arrows.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17725468", "title": "Coimbatore-based animal welfare group rescues rose-ringed parakeets put up for sale", "text": "COIMBATORE: Thirty nine rose-ringed parakeets put up for sale in the city, were rescued by Animal Rescuers, a wildlife group based in the city. The birds, along with the seller, were later brought to the Forest Institute.The seller was identified as Dandapani, a resident from Tiruchangode. He was selling the birds at the Kanuvai Thudiyalur road on Saturday morning. Dandapani said he had bought the birds from Erode, which were allegedly caught by some people from the forest areas.Joseph Reginald, one of the volunteers of the wildlife group said they had reached the spot on Saturday morning by 9am after they received a tip-off regarding the sale of the birds. They enquired with the person and found out that parakeets were being sold for Rs150 each. After some time forest officials reached the spot and took Dandapani into custody.The feathers of the birds were plucked so that they would not fly. They were also kept in small nests which made it difficult to fly. The birds will be kept in the campus of the Forest breeding Institute and fed daily. Vinny R Peter another volunteer said that it may take around 3 months for the feathers to grow again. After they grow again, they will be released depending on its ability to adapt to its surroundings.Poachers who capture the birds pluck the feathers in regular intervals so that they do not fly. \"This is one of the most painful aspect for a bird,\" said Vinny. After keeping the bird in custody for sometime till its features grows again and it becomes ready to fly in the open. However, this may take a year or more, Vinny added.Officials said that the accused may be released after imposing an amount of fine and issuing a warning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17724239", "title": "Student gives ex-guru a lesson in revenge", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A private school teacher was assaulted and robbed of Rs 26,000 by his former student in an act of revenge on Friday. The Naranpura police arrested one of the two accused in the case on Saturday on the basis of registration number of the vehicle used by the assailants.It is the second such incident in the past two months where a teacher has been assaulted by his student. Last month, a teacher in Dehgam was shot at by his former student in an act of revenge. Luckily, the teacher survived the attack with injuries.The incident reported in Naranpura involved Girishchandra Shrivastav, a resident of Alpaswarup Flats, Naranpura, who works as a teacher with Shreeji Vidyalaya in Chandlodia as a teacher for Hindi and Social Studies in primary section. On Friday, when Shrivastav was returning from school on his bike at 12.45 pm, two youths approached him on a two-wheeler at Nirnaynagar underpass. The pillion rider kicked Shrivastav's bike.\"Shrivastav alleged that the duo had assaulted him as soon as he stopped the bike and tore his shirt pocket. In the scuffle, he also lost his gold chain, cash and identity cards. The duo fled the spot, but Shrivastav noted down their vehicle's number and gave it to us,\" said Naranpura police sub-inspector R J Gamit.After getting the detail from RTO, a team of Naranpura police arrested Chetan Desai, a resident of Rabarivaas, Ghatlodia. The second youth was identified as Lalji Desai.\"During his questioning, Chetan, 19, said that he was student of Shreeji Vidyalaya five years back. At that time, Shrivastav despised him and often punished him. Later, he left studies and started doing odd jobs. On Thursday Chetan had an accident with Shrivastav's vehicle. He then recognized his former teacher immediately and plotted the attack the second day,\" said Gamit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17725920", "title": "Two chains snatched in 30 minutes", "text": "AURANGABAD: Chain snatchers struck once again on Saturday evening at two upmarket areas. They fled with two gold chains weighing 10 gm and 20 gm.The first chain snatching of the day was committed just 300 meters away from Jawahar Nagar police station around 6 pm, when Archana Laxman Bandapalle (32) of Khinvsara Park near Ganpati Mandir was walking. The chain snatchers riding a black motorbike came from the opposite direction and the pillion rider snatched her gold chain weighing 20 gm.They fled towards Cidco area. A wireless message was sent by the police across the city, which proved futile. They struck in Cidco area half an hour later and escaped. This time they fled with a gold chain weighing 10 gm belonging to Shobha Kale (60).The number of chain snatchings since January is now 62. Of these, 34 were detected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17725923", "title": "Govt may set up Marathi university: Bhujbal", "text": "AURANGABAD: The state government would consider the demand to establish a Marathi university in Marathwada region, said PWD minister Chhagan Bhujbal. He was speaking at the inaugural function of 34th Marathwada Sahitya Sammelan held at Paithan on Saturday. Baba Bhand presided over the function. State higher education minister Rajesh Tope, MLA Sanjay Waghchoure, MLA Vikram Kale, Bhalchandra Deshpande and others were also present.Bhujbal said the rich Marathi language should be preserved as it would give direction to the next generation. \"The thought of establishing Marathi university has initiated from Paithan which has a significant contribution in decorating the language. The holy place of great saints has always strengthened the Marathi language and hence the proposal will be taken very seriously by the state government,\" he said.Highlighting the importance of the reading habit among the people, he said the government was focussing on providing facilities to 12,861 libraries in the state. He said the government had decided to give a special aid of Rs 113 crore to these libraries.Tope emphasised on richness of the language and said the language was helpful in shaping the young minds. \"Language propagates the message of character building and generates positive attitude among the people,\" he added. He further assured to convene a meeting of the office-bearers of the Marathwada Sahitya Sammelan in Mumbai to address its issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "17724875", "title": "Late trains hamper pilgrims' journey", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: Special trains to Sabarimala are not running on time, causing inconvenience to Ayyappa devotees. Hundreds of pilgrims are being made to wait for several hours in the railway stations in the chilly winter as no special train is running as per schedule. Piling on their agony, the railway authorities are also not providing any information about the status of the special trains.It is entirely a different matter that the railways is pocketing huge sums by running specials to Sabarimala as all the trains are packed with devotees. Taking objection to the callous attitude of the railway authorities, the passengers staged a dharna at the railway station on Saturday.The passengers protested when the Kakinada-Kollam special train which was scheduled to arrive at Vijayawada at 1.50 am, did not reach even by 10.30 am. The authorities, who kept the passengers waiting for several hours in the station, maintained a stoic silence without announcing at least the revised schedule.According to information, almost all the special trains announced by the South Central Railway for Sabarimala tour were running late by not less than 10-12 hours. Sources said the railway authorities were keeping the special trains in loopline to allow free passage to the regular super fast and express trains leaving the devotees in the lurch.The special train left Kakinada town at 2.10 am last Thursday, nearly four hours behind schedule right at the originating point.As per the original schedule it would have left Kakinada at 10.30pm on Wednesday and reached Vijayawada around 2am on Thursday.However, the train reached Vijayawada at 7 am, nearly five hours late.In normal conditions, any express train would cover the delay at least by 30 minutes to one hour after running for about 3-4 hours. Surprisingly, the special train was delayed by another hour by the time it reached Vijayawada on Thursday.Lack of locker facility and other amenities for the surging passengers at the railway stations is another cause for concern. As per their custom, Ayyappa devotees have to take bath after every visit to the toilet. \"There are several difficulties devotees are having to face,\" a devotee Kantha Rao Swamy said.The special train, which started at Kakinada on Thursday, reached its destination by 36 hours late, according to a railway source. It went on adding a delay of an hour for every 3-4 hours journey as it was late by nearly six hours by the time it reached Renigunta and eight hours late when it crossed the last station in AP - Chittoor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17725052", "title": "Unauthorised ad hoardings make a dent in Greater Visakhapatnam Municipal Corporation's tax revenue", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Advertisement hoardings may be helping brands and companies rake in the moolah, but for Greater Visakhapatnam Municipal Corporation (GVMC) they are proving to be a major headache.Most of the advertisements, including those of prominent brands, splashed across hoardings at various places in the Port City are not only openly flouting the norms of the Advertisements Act but have also failed to shell out tax due to the GVMC.More shockingly, over 300 advertisement hoardings dotting the city, spread across 534 square kilometres, have sprung up without the authorisation of GVMC as per the Act.The corporation has already instructed the people concerned, including advertising agencies, to clear the tax dues and also cautioned them to voluntarily remove illegal hoardings by November this year but to no avail as most of them continue to beam down upon the city ignoring the official warnings.\"Unauthorised hoarding or billboards in various forms have been rising in the city in spite of our strict instructions. The deadline to pay the tax is also over. In the enumeration process, we found around 20 per cent of advertisement hoardings are unauthorised,\" admitted GVMC commissioner, MV Satyannarayana.The GVMC is supposed to rake in close to Rs 10 crore as advertisement tax from the over 1,500 hoardings spread across the city, but has been able to collect only around 15 to 20 per cent of the targeted amount. Lack of enforcement and a dedicated team for collection of ad tax, is one of the main reasons behind the slow progress in tax collection, it is learnt.In May this year, the GVMC had invited bids for privatisation of collection of advertisement tax for a period of three years from the financial year 2012-13. But no bidder has come forward to handle the task.\"Yes, GVMC's efforts on privatisation of ad tax collection have not materialized. The corporation has so far received ad tax to the tune of only around Rs 1.5 crore,\" GVMC chief city planner, S Balakrishna confessed.Giving the reasons for the lacklustre response to the bids, the proprietor of an agency, who actively participates in such kind of bids, said: \"The collection of ad tax is a big headache as the people concerned are not co-operative. We did not opt for GVMC's offer due to this reason only.\"But now, GVMC officials are threatening to swoop down on the offenders. \"GVMC will crack the whip on such illegal hoardings from January 15, 2013. It has also planned to introduce the `Hologram' system to authorise ads on the lines of metropolitan cities,\" the GVMC commissioner revealed. Once the new system comes into force, every advertisement hoarding will have to use the GVMC hologram.But till then many of these hoardings and billboards continue to pose a major safety problem. Some residents alleged that many advertisements, particularly hoardings have not been following the traffic and road safety rules with many obscene cinema posters and advertisements at busy junctions such as Maddilapalem, Jagadamba Junction, Dabagardens, Dwarakanagar, LIC Building, Rednam Gardens in the city diverting the attention of motorists.\"Inappropriately placed advertisements do play a crucial role in road accidents and we have found this while investigating road accident cases. Authorities concerned should keep a tab on such displays to avoid road mishaps,\" Gajuwaka circle inspector (traffic), S Appala Naidu said.According to the rules, a plan of the hoarding or any other form of advertisement indicating its height and other dimensions and also material proposed to be used as approved by a qualified engineer and other details have to be mentioned clearly while seeking license or sanction order from GVMC. Such approved hoardings can be erected only parallel to the footpath or road, and not across the footpath or road margins but many advertisement hoardings in the city hardly adhere to the GVMC rules.Advertisements can be displayed through various forms such as hoardings, bus shelters, uni-poles, arches, and glow-sign boards on commercial buildings, cinema theatres, police kiosks, central medians or lollypops, ads on mobile vehicles and wall paintings on private buildings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17726795", "title": "Motley bunch with no leader", "text": "It was a wave of angry protesters that refused to be pacified. Anger, sadness and a demand of change in attitude had brought them together. Even as Delhi Police tried to disperse the crowd, using water cannons, tear gas and lathis, the tide of anger became stronger with more protesters coming in and replacing the ones who were injured, pushed back or dealing with the effects of the tear gas.Demanding answers and calling for the strictest punishment for the rapists of Nirbhaya (as we've symbolically named the victim), Delhiites from all walks of life gathered at India Gate and Raisina Hill, asking the government to get out of its slumber and give them a safe city.\"If the government thinks this is one of those protests which will die down after a few days, it's wrong. We will keep going. We want justice. This is a moment when everyone has come together - let's use it,\" said Sadhvi, a student of Jesus and Mary College. Sadhvi had come to India Gate to protest with just three friends.With messages and updates circulating on social media, most people reached India Gate in small groups.Holding banners and placards, with slogans that didn't mince words, they expressed their thoughts loudly. For instance, retired colonel Rohit Kapoor was holding a placard that said \"I am an armyman who fought for his country. Today I am ashamed to be an Indian man.\"\"It is very sad to know that the country that I fought for to keep it safe is not safe for me and my family. Our leaders have been debating unnecessary issues in Parliament that don't concern us directly. They have been unable to give us basic security,\" said Kapoor. His wife, Bhavneet, added that, \"I want a city where I do not keep looking over my shoulder to see who is following me or if I am safe.\"Another protester, Vidhaat Raman from east Delhi, was holding an A4 sheet with lines scribbled on it that said \"Life Sentence and Castration.\" He said: \"If a man uses his strength to do something so inhuman, he should be punished for it.\"While most shouted out their resentment and raised angry slogans, Princy Khurana and her friends sat on Rajpath with a banner saying \"We won't ToleRAPE.\"She told TOI: \"We were marching towards Rashtrapati Bhawan when the cops used tear gas. Since raised voices are not being heard, we decided to be mute and sit till justice prevails.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17726834", "title": "Shoppers, traders take on hawkers", "text": "KOLKATA: Subir Roy, an advocate at the Calcutta high court, has opened a floodgate of protests against rampant hawking in and around New Market - a Grade-1 heritage structure.Roy and his wife had gone to New Market on Thursday. A shopper here for decades, Roy wanted to park his car on Bertram Street at a specified car parking zone. However, he was refused, not by the parking attendant, but by a hawker who had piled up his wares in the middle of the parking space.When Roy's wife, who is also a regular at New Market, requested the hawker to clear the space, he hurled filthy abuses. Roy was furious and asked for the help of the shopkeepers of the heritage market.At 2.30pm, more than 100 shopowners accompanied Roy to the nearby police booth at Lindsay Street. But the cops refused to take the complaint saying they did not have the complaint form.Roy called up the New Market police station. Help came but it was too late. By the time three police officials reached the spot, 400 more shop owners from Sreeram Arcade, Firpo's Market and New Market had started a road block. It continued for one and a half hours and was withdrawn only after the municipal commissioner Khalil Ahmed, who also handles the KMC market department, called the agitating shop owners to the Kolkata Municipal Corporation headquarters and promised to clear the roads to New Market.The municipal commissioner asked senior officials of New Market police station to clear the car parking space on Bertram Street and its adjoining areas. Accordingly, the police on Friday started a special drive at Bertram Street and Humayun Place.A visit to Bertram Street on Saturday afternoon revealed while a section of the car parking arena was cleared, a section of hawkers was playing hide and seek with police in another part of the parking zone.\"We are constantly being chased by police. If we are caught with our wares, we have to pay Rs 3,000 as penalty. This has made us extra cautious,\" said Md Iqbal, a hawker selling travel bags on Bertram Street, in front of the car parking space.However, local traders felt that the drive was temporary and the hawkers will be back in a week's time. \"Though the police have acted tough after the incident, we don't think that the police vigil is going to last long. It will be the same old problem of hawkers' encroachment after a point of time,\" said Ashok Gupta , convenor of Joint Traders' Forum.This forum has been formed by traders of New Market, Sreeram Arcade, Chowringhee Market and Firpos Market.Brij Bhusan Tiwari, secretary of Chowringhee Traders' Association, alleged encroachment by hawkers was ruining the business of shopkeepers. Uday Sahoo, a member of the forum, alleged that though several letters had been sent to KMC on curbing the hawker-raj, no action was ever taken.Advocate Roy who has written to police commissioner R K Panchnanda said that he would again join hands with New Market traders and protest against hawkers. Municipal commissioner Khalil Ahmed said that he had asked police to keep a strict vigil on the hawkers of New Market area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17726807", "title": "Food festivals showcase skill and talent of our students: Satish Naidu", "text": "The food festival organized by the students of Shri Balasaheb Tirpude College of Hotel Management &amp; Catering Technology is a big attraction for foodies in the city. More than the food, it's the themes which get the footfalls at this event which recently completed its 16th show. Satish Naidu, officiating principal of the college, tells TOI why the festival has remained so consistent over the years in terms of quality and popularity.Excerpts from an interview...Q. Your college's food festival has been a unique feature. How did it all start?A. The concept began in 1996. The first batch started this trend of organizing theme dinners. The first one was Hyderabadi followed by Kashmiri, Punjabi, Goan, Maharashtrian, Lucknowi in the subsequent years. This was a one-day event. In 2008, we started with a concept of organizing food festival spread over two to three days where Nagpurians could taste the delicacies prepared by students. Named 'Murg Mania' and then 'Zaike ka safar', these were a huge hit. It was as late as 2010 when we came up with Tandoori Nights Delicious December which has now become the trademark of our college.Q. What is the purpose behind holding such festivals?A. The main purpose is to bring out the skills and talent of budding chefs and service personnel of the future. It is also done to put their theoretical knowledge into practice. This hones their skill and provides hands on experience for preparing food for guests and also serving them.Q. How do the students work around these themes?A. Initially we began with regional food festival wherein students collected all the facts about a state, study details such as types of food, the staples of that region, manner of service, main specialities and so on. It requires lots of labour to select a menu which is truly representative of that region. The tastes too have to be authentic. Meticulous work is done as the students can't afford to go wrong.Q. What kind of effort goes in to create the right ambience?A. Ambience means a lot as the right mood is created only through the right setting. A colour which is representative of the state and also suits the local environment is selected and then the rest of decorations are worked around it. The attires of students and the manner of service also have to be in synch.Q. How difficult is it to procure the ingredients to get authentic flavours?A. The effort is to prepare the cuisine authentically. It is very difficult to please people of varying tastes through food. Procuring the correct ingredients required is also not an easy task. Thankfully till now we have never disappointed our guest. This is an indication that sometimes despite lack of authentic ingredients we manage to create the right taste. The entire credit for this goes to Anil Sontakke and Suyash Dongre, the two Chefs in our kitchen. Yes, previously it was difficult to get authentic ingredients but now most of the items are readily available in bigger stores.Q. Who prepares these dishes? Do the students make the grade when it comes to tastes and presentation?A. The whole event is carried out by the students and the faculty only provides guidance. Right from getting the sponsorship till the winding up it is entirely their students show. These food festivals are not organized for any commercial gain. The pricing too is much less than what is charged at the commercial eateries. In the dining area and also in the kitchen it is their effort and skills which makes this festival possible. The effort is to get as close as is possible to the authentic taste. Nothing which we consider is not up to the mark is served.Q. What has been the response of the public to this festival and how much has it benefited the students?A. This event has received overwhelming response. The footfalls have been increasing every year. This year too there was a big rush on the last day when we ran out of stocks. This kind of response instils confidence in the students. It motivates them to work with sincerity and zeal in the future too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17725522", "title": "Protests swell up against Delhi gang rape", "text": "PATNA: The city, on Saturday, once again witnessed an outpouring of outrage against the recent dastardly gang-rape of a girl in Delhi, with academics, intellectuals and students taking out a protest march from the JP roundabout to near Patna Junction. Many of them expressed deep concern over lack of safety for women in the state as well.More than 200 prominent academics, intellectuals and students, including a sizeable number of women, took out a procession from the PU office where it was addressed by VC Shambhu Nath Singh. The protest march, organized by the Patna University Teachers' Association (PUTA), reached the JP roundabout near Gandhi Maidan after passing through Ashok Raj Path and converted into a rally. It was addressed by several intellectuals and academics, all of whom demanded foolproof measures for ensuring safety to women, sternest punishment to the rapists and speedy justice to the victims.From JP roundabout, the procession passed through Fraser Road and finally terminated near Patna Junction. The processionists were shouting slogans against the increasing atrocities against women and demanding hanging of the rapists. A fairly large number of girl students from Magadh Mahila College also joined the procession.PUTA president P K Poddar, general secretary S B Lall, former general secretary Amar Nath Singh, PU social science faculty dean Bharti S Kumar, Maya Shankar of history department, Dilip Ram of B N College, Kumudini Sinha of economics department and Asha Singh of Magadh Mahila College were among those who led the march.\"The problem is with the existing punishment meted out to rapists. Until the punishment is reviewed, such kind of incidents will keep on repeating, said poet and novelist Alok Dhanwa.\"The problem is that political parties, police and judiciary are not defending and asserting women's freedom. Even when they talk of 'protecting' women, they do so by advising women to dress and move carefully, thereby justifying rapes,\" said Priti Sinha, a social activist.Ramchandra Khan, retired IPS officer, said, \"Stern punishment given to a rapist would deter others from thinking of harassing women. We live in a civilized society, where we talk about social equality and women's empowerment, but, unfortunately, we fail to provide a safe environment to women.\"The agitators also criticized the state government for its failure to provide women a free and safe environment. \"Patna, being the state capital, is much safer than other districts in Bihar. Regular complaints of rape and sexual harassment come from different districts,\" said Ahana, a student.Volunteers of All India Democratic Students' Organization, All India Democratic Youth Organization and All India Women's Cultural Organization also took out a joint procession and paraded the main thoroughfares of the city in protest against the reported police lathicharge on the youth in Delhi on Saturday while protesting against the gang-rape of Delhi girl. They also burned an effigy of the Prime Minister at Dak Bungalow Road. Those who led the procession included Suryankar Jitendra, Anil Kumar Chand, Saroj Kumar Suman and Sumal Lata Maurya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17725894", "title": "Fog blinds frozen Chandigarh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The first fog of the winter descended on Saturday, prompting people to layer up in heavy woollens. The meteorological department predicted fog for the next two or three days. For residents, Saturday came as a rude shock after the mellow sunshine of the last few days.As residents woke up to the cold blanket of white enveloping the Tricity, they experienced the natural reluctance to leave the warmth of their homes. Children who were to leave for school early in the morning had it the toughest. Many parents simply decided against sending children to school.Sector 22 resident Jaipal Singh said he did not want to subject his child to the ordeal of going out in the chilly weather. Raman Sharma, an advocate from Sector 16, said while everyone is prepared for a cold and foggy December, things were a little abrupt this year. \"I did expect fog in December but this was too sudden. It was sunny till Friday and there was fog on Saturday,\" Raman Sharma said.Sector 40 resident Vikas Garg said he was apprehensive about driving in such weather. Mandeep Kaur, a bank employee from Sector 51 echoed his views. \"I go to office on a two-wheeler but it was so cold on Saturday that I asked my husband to drop me in the car,\" she said. Meteorological department director Surinder Paul said foggy days can be expected for the next two to three days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17724507", "title": "Kanpur-Delhi flight cancelled", "text": "KANPUR: The Delhi-Kanpur-Allahabad flight remained cancelled on Saturday following poor visibility due to dense fog.The flight did not arrive at Chakeri Airport due to which eight passengers were sent to Lucknow to board Lucknow-Delhi flight.One passenger cancelled his trip and eight others who were to reach Delhi were taken to Lucknow Airport via road route to board flight for Delhi.The flight to Kolkata from Kanpur is also packed and there is no vacancy but passengers should inquire on 0512-2159251, 2312409 about its status on Monday before leaving for Chakeri Airport as it is not sure whether the flight will arrive or not.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17724796", "title": "Tough conditions but you expect us to fix everything: Delhi cop", "text": "NEW DELHI: Reviled as an ineffective, uncouth force that terrorizes people rather than protect them, Delhi Police officials find scarce favour with Delhiites. Indrani Basu of TOI spoke to a lower functionary of the force to unveil a lesser-known side of the daily functioning of the 76,000-strong team that is supposed to keep the city safe.When I joined the police force, I didn't know I would spend most of my time doing things other than what I was trained for. The public expects police to help them with every problem, including matters unrelated to our work.The control room receives roughly 24,000 calls a day; 70% of these are not policing matters. Almost daily we are called in for civic disputes, problems with electric supply, presence of stray dogs, monkeys - the list is endless.Civic agencies should handle such complaints but people call the police as other control rooms don't spring into action. We have to resolve the issue as it may become a law and order problem. There have been occasions where we've fetched electricians or other technicians to resolve some issue.The public perceives us as unruly and uncouth. Much of this has to do with our working conditions. Unlike other government departments, all of which have fixed work-hours, cops don't have any shift system.I may have a 12-hour duty but if I get a distress call 30 minutes before I'm to leave, I must attend to the call. This can take hours - many times the next 12 hours - to sort out. It's usual to work 24 hours without rest and continue the next day. The Delhi Police Act says an officer is on duty round the clock. A policeman gets a month's extra salary every year to compensate for working without a shift system, but this compromises quality of work.Many times we don't get vehicles to respond to distress calls. We usually use private conveyance to reach the crime spot: our own or an auto. There are around 15-20 cops per police station. But not more than four or five motorcycles are provided to each. Most bikes are on patrolling duty.Some stations have an emergency response vehicle. The conveyance allowance up to an Inspector's rank is about Rs 375 a month. This cripples our work. There is need for a proper emergency response unit for every call received; not leave an officer to his own devices.Investigations throw up their own kind of miscellaneous expenses that you will never see in official statistics. From getting a post-mortem done to collecting forensic reports, our pocket is made lighter in many ways. We have to submit a charge-sheet within 90 days, but with limited forensic facilities we invariably incur expenses to get test results on time.Provisions exist to claim investigation expenditure, but it's a tedious process. Also, there are no proper bills for most such expenses. For example, every year we remove several dead bodies. We make our own arrangements to retrieve the body and take it to the mortuary. Usually, we rope in a passerby willing to do the job in return for payment that comes from our own pocket. How can we claim such expenses?We don't even have basic facilities. No buildings or land are demarcated for police stations when an area is developed. Outposts come up based on need. Many times such outposts are mere tents. It doesn't feel like we work for a serious organization.Several stations don't have facilities for overnight stay though duty can stretch to three, four days continuously. Issues of mosquitoes, unhygienic surroundings and unavailability of fans plague many. Some police stations don't even have access to drinking water. There may be no water connection even. Lack of proper facilities causes us to function with a negative frame of mind.Such tough work conditions make us an unhappy lot, which sometimes compromises the police-public interface. Many cope with the pressure by resorting to corruption, anger, brutality - a vicious cycle.We constantly deal with criminals with no stress-relieving facilities provided. Many cops need psychological counselling, therapy to deal with their daily stress. No such facility is available. Some medical camps have raised these concerns but they are never resolved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17729921", "title": "What is love?", "text": "The question has baffled people through the centuries. Circa 2012, the answer still seems elusive. Kasmin Fernandes asks why...After all the searches for celebrity gossip, the queries revolving around mindless entertainment and the countless quests for the latest news \u00e2\u20ac\u201dwe're still left with the burning desire to understand the significance of human connections.There is fresh proof for this fact of modern life in search engine Google's annual year-end list of top searches for this year. Alongside the usual suspects \u00e2\u20ac\u201d celebrities, newsmaking politicians, athletes and musicians \u00e2\u20ac\u201d were two gems: the world's most popular \"what is\" query was \"what is love,\" and the second-highest trending \"how to\" query was \"how to love\".So, despite \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and probably because \u00e2\u20ac\u201d of all the distractions that modern life offers, human beings the world over continue to be intrigued with the most basic and powerful of all emotions \u00e2\u20ac\u201d love. Ironically, the anonymity of the worldwide web makes it convenient to put across questions they'd be doubtful of asking their loved ones aloud.The answers, however, are as many as there are people. A cross-section of eight professionals we quizzed, threw up different perspectives, ranging from intimate to familial to spiritual. It's evident that love may be elusive, still pose a lot of questions, but it ultimately conquers all!\"It's interesting that so many people are searching for the meaning of love online; typically, people look at their own life experiences, parents, movies and books for it.\" What is love? \"The definition of love changes according to your age, experience and relationships. For me, it's finding someone you trust, someone you are attracted enough to want to spend the rest of your life with.\" \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Shoma Narayan - Mills &amp; Boon author\"Amidst the economic recession , moral degradation, the end of kalyug, and the radical shift in consciousness taking place right now, it's a sweet and hopeful piece of news.\" What is love? \"Ultimately, love is freedom and a state of mind where there is unconditional giving and selflessness. \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Ganga Kadakia - painter\"I don't think love is something people will ever get bored of. The fact that movies are still made the world over on the subject and songs are still written about it shows that every person is looking for love. In fact, I would've been surprised if it didn't feature in the top trending topics.\" What is love? \"I like author CS Lewis' take on the subject. He wrote that there are four loves \u00e2\u20ac\u201d storge (Greek for affection), philia (friendship), eros (between a man and a woman) and agape (unconditional love).\" \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Subi Samuel - fashion photographer \"This is great news, because all art and music stem from love. It's our way of understanding how the Universe was created, how we came to being and what we are doing here on earth.\" What is love? \"Love is not just about manwoman relationships. It goes beyond our narrow human definitions; it's the fabric of the universe.\" \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Randolph Correia - guitarist and music producer\"I didn't think people would go on to the internet and search for the meaning of love! Fortunately, I never had to go to the net to find out about love.\" What is love? \"Love is what makes the world go round!\" \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Sarah-Jane Dias - actress\"Shouldn't it be the question on everyone's minds? The more failed relationships we have in these times, the more curious we are getting about the definition of true love. The internet is just another medium to look for its meaning, especially for the technology-oriented younger lot.\" What is love? \"Love is when somebody becomes the centre of your world, affects you the most, inspires you the most. Someone whose companionship is the most valuable to you. When a person becomes an extension of you. It's rare for all these qualities to come together, but when they do, it's real love.\" \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Gaurav Chopraa - television anchor\"I sincerely believe that if you have any questions, you must put them out there in the cosmos and the answers will come to you. What I like about the internet is that you can throw up any question you have in mind, and somebody always responds.\" What is love? \"Faith. Love is equivalent to God. We all know this as babies, but as we grow up, we forget this and turn the concept into a Mount Everest that needs to be conquered. However, if God is there, love will be there.\" \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Makrand Deshpande - actor, theatre director\"Most of us are so caught up in our day-to-day lives that there is literally no time for love. Since the worldwide web has become the modern messiah, it's only natural that people would seek answers to even the most emotional queries in cyberspace. However, the answer lies within.\" What is love? \"Compassion. It's one of the purest emotions in the universe. The fact that we exist on this planet is an outcome of love. It is not only what you feel for a man; it's also the affection you have for your friends and family.\" \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Vaibhavi Merchant- choreographer", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17725483", "title": "Miscreants smash car windows in Ramesh Marg locality", "text": "JAIPUR: Unidentified miscreants smashed the glass windows of over a dozen cars parked outside houses in the posh Ramesh Marg locality of C-Scheme in the early hours on Saturday. Struggling to identify the rowdies, police suspect that youths had under the influence of alcohol carried out the act for fun after getting out of one of the nearby beer bars.The local residents have accused police of negligence as there was no police patrolling in the area when the incident took place. They also accused the cops of slow response after being informed about the incident.According to police, the incident possibly took place after midnight. \"The residents called up the police station on Saturday morning when they found windows of cars smashed,\" said a police officer.He added that at least six residents have lodged formal complaints with the police. \"About a dozen cars were damaged by unidentified criminals,\" said the officer.The officer said they still have not been able to identify the miscreants. \"We have launched an investigation. We will see if any CCTVs installed in front of hotels or bars in the area caught them on the camera,\" said the officer.Preliminary investigation suggests the act was committed just out of fun.\"We have not come across anything that suggests the cars were damaged due to revenge or fury,\" said the officer adding that a police team will be sent to a nearby bar. \"We are trying to find out if those involved in the incident had gone there,\" said the officer.EomJaipur: Unidentified miscreants smashed the glass windows of over a dozen cars parked outside houses in the posh C-Scheme's Ramesh Marg locality in the wee hours of Saturday. Struggling to identify the rowdies, police suspect that those involved in the incidents were youths under the influence of alcohol and had carried out the act for fun after getting out of one of nearby situated beer bars in the locality.The local residents accused police of negligence as there was no police patrolling in the area when the incident took place. They also accused of slow and apathetic response when they were informed about the incident.According to the police, the incident probably took place after midnight. \"The residents called up the police station on Saturday morning that they found windows of the cars smashed,\" said a police officer.He added that at least six residents have lodged formal complaints with the police. \"However, it has come up that about a dozen cars were damaged by unidentified criminals,\" said the officer.The officer said that they are yet no clues about the identity of the rowdies. \"We have launched an investigation. We will see if any CCTVs installed in front of hotels or bars in the area had caught them on the camera,\" said the officer.During prilminary invsetgiation, it is suspected that the windows of the cars were smashed just out of fun.\"We have not come across anything that suggests that the cars were damaged as an act of revenge or fury,\" said the officer adding that a police team will also be sent to a nearby bar. \"We are trying to find out if those involved in the incident had come out of the particular bar,\" said the officer.The incident has raised a question mark over the tall claims of the police about night patrolling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17724782", "title": "Delhi rape case: Delhi roads jammed as protest fire burns at Vijay Chowk", "text": "NEW DELHI: The protests at India Gate led to traffic snarls on Saturday after a huge mob of protestors thronged Vijay Chowk. As a result, Rafi Marg, Mansingh Road and the adjacent stretches remained congested throughout the day.\"Diversions were done as and when required and traffic had to be re-routed when the protests intensified. But by and large traffic kept moving and there was no logjam. By late evening, traffic movement at India Gate was normalized,\" said JCP (traffic) Satyendra Garg.As Vijay Chowk was the epicentre of the protests, the road from Rajpath to Rashtrapati Bhawan was closed. Cross traffic movement was however, allowed, said a traffic cop.\"In the evening, there was some traffic spillover on Mansingh Road. Traffic slowdown affected the roads nearby India Gate. However, the situation was not so adversely affected as it was a weekend,\" said a senior traffic officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17725520", "title": "We won 2 seats but hit BJP's chances in 15 seats", "text": "Former CM and Gujarat Parivartan Party chief Keshubhai Patel graciously accepted sweets from Narendra Modi immediately after the state assembly election results were declared. But that does not mean the grand old man of Gujarat politics has lost any of his bitterness. Despite being decimated electorally, Keshubhai tells Ajay Umat that his fight against Modi will continue.Your campaign focused on bringing about change in Gujarat's leadership. But Modi is still the CM, with the possibility of becoming PM in future.I accept defeat and I accept it graciously. But that does not mean the issues I raised during the campaign don't exist anymore. Development in the state has remained restricted to the cities. The villages have got nothing. Tribals have been left out of the development race. Drinking water shortages plague Saurashtra and north Gujarat even 10 years after Modi's rule began. I will continue to raise these issues in the assembly. It is also wrong to believe that Modi's victory is complete. Some of his prominent ministers lost this time. Even his party president could not win.But Modi is obviously doing something right if he got 115 seats and you got just two.A number of factors are responsible for our defeat, but most importantly, we were not able to appeal to the youth who voted in large numbers becaus e of the efforts of the Election Commission . I am an aged politician and this section of the electorate has no idea of the work I did as chief minister till 2001. Because of Modi's marketing gimmicks and use of technology, his was the only face they saw in the mass media. Besides, Modi made all national BJP leaders who came to campaign in Gujarat sing in chorus that he was the future PM. As a result, people believed they were voting, not only for a chief minister, but for a future PM. It is sad that Modi has linked his prime ministerial ambition with the pride of G ujarat.And yet, you exchanged sweets with Modi after he won the election. Many people are wondering about the conversation you had.That was just basic courtesy. We did not discuss politics. In fact, I had offered to meet him and congratulate him after his victory in 2007, but he insisted on coming over to my place. He did the same this time as well.How would you evaluate the performance of your newly-formed Gujarat Parivartan Party?We did not win as many seats as we expected, but we succeeded in reducing Modi's majority by two seats compared to 2007. Our vote share was 3.63%, which ate into BJP's vote share by 1%. We won only two seats, but we damaged BJP's chances in at least 15, especially in Saurashtra. Can you imagine Modi's overall tally had we not been in the race? He would easily have pocketed 130 to 135 seats. In fact, I believe we would have caused more damage had Modi not broken our ranks and re-inducted experienced leaders like K D Jeswani and Nalin Bhatt back into the BJP. Modi had money, muscle and the government machinery to back him. I had limited resources and yet we were able to exert cal pressure on him. We forced him to change his strategy at every step.Your party was banking heavily on the Leuva Patel community, but in the end, they don't seem to have voted for you en masse. Are the days of caste-based politics over in Gujarat?We never projected ourselves as a Patel party. We wanted all castes and communities to vote for us. If we gave tickets to Leuvas, so did Congress and BJP. It was Modi who started a whisper campaign, calling us Gujarat Patidar (Patel) Party, which instigated other communities like the OBCs to move away from us in regions like Bhavnagar, Surendranagar and Kutch.Do you still believe there is room for a third force in Gujarat politics? Stalwarts like Indulal Yagnik, Chimanbhai Patel and Shankersinh Vaghela tried and failed.The times have changed. If we can ground Modi and contain him in such a short span of time, we can do much more in the next few years. I am going to induct young leaders into the party. Some young BJP leaders who are disillusioned with Modi's leadership style, like Rakesh Rao from Kheda region, are already in touch with me.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "purnia", "code": "17725573", "title": "Fog, cold hit life in Purnia, Kosi divisions", "text": "PURNIA: The Sun has not come out for six days now, and the weather gods have been relentlessly unkind as bone-chilling winter has taken every body within its cruel sweep. The vast swathe of Purnia and Kosi divisions remain wrapped under thick blanket of fog.Weatherman in Purnia did not indicate a reprieve when he said that foggy days, which set in on December 10 are likely to persist till January 10 with the same intensity. Better relief can be expected only after January 22, 2013, says the weatherman. \"It pinches me to drag myself out of the warm quilt and get ready for school in the early hours\", says Adya Sharat, a Class VII student in Purnia. His school has re-scheduled its timing by convening classes at 8.40 am on the direction of Purnia district magistrate.\"But, the icy winter hurts our bones ,\" says Yash Kumar. Many schools have either closed down ahead of the X'Mas and New Year's Day, or have re-scheduled their timings in Purnia. The Purnia DM N Saravan Kumar has ordered bonfires at many of the roundabouts in the town and also in remote villages. This is, however, of little solace. \"How do we sit before the bonfires and warm up when our children and family members, living in grinding poverty, expect us to earn two square meals for themselves,\" says Mohammad Ismail, who works at a house construction site in Purnia.The winter's weather assault has exposed the poor to heaps of miseries who can ill-afford warm garments, and are obliged to spend night on the ground. \"The lump comes to my throat when my children are huddled together under some clothes which are an apology for warm blankets,\" tells Mina Devi, a mother of three children, who washes dishes in a small dingy hotel in Kishanganj.The adverse weather conditions have impacted the markets as well. \"How can we customers and buyers sell and buy when fog does not clear up till late in the afternoon,\" says a kirana merchant Gopal Gami in Katihar. \"The adverse weather condition force us to stay indoors, and we prefer to go back home with the dusk descending on us,\" tell Manoj Kumar of Saharsa.The trains meandering through Katihar division of North-East Frontier Railways (NF Rlys) are running hours behind scheduled due to fog. Even Diburgarh-New Delhi Rajdhani Express and Guwahati-New Delhi North- East Express were three and six hours behind their scheduled time on Saturday, railway officials said.The buses, commuting between Purnia and Patna, Kishanganj and Patna, Bhagalpur and Siliguri via Purnia take almost the double time they usually took in normal weather conditions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17724262", "title": "Gujarat University exams from Monday", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat University (GU) will conduct the first semester examinations of the first year arts, science and commerce faculties and third semester examination of post-graduate arts, commerce and science streams from Monday. Administrative glitches and complaints marred the exams till the last minute as many students were still downloading their hall tickets and some were figuring out addresses of the colleges in far away areas where their exam has been scheduled.On Saturday, a number of students especially from colleges like HL College of Commerce, JG College of Commerce and RH Patel College of Commerce found to their dismay that they were granted hall tickets in colleges in far flung eastern areas like Ghodasar, Naroda and Rakhial.\"I live in Ghatlodia and my exam hall is in Naroda. I will figure out the exact location of the college on Sunday. I guess I will be spending at least one-and-a-half hours commuting one way to the college,\" said Jagruti Patel, a first year student.Meanwhile, the GU officials realized on Friday that they have issued fee receipts to 1,000-odd students with Gujarat College as the exam centre. However, it has now come to their notice that Gujarat College was involved with the elections and is not prepared for the exams at all.The GU officials have now shifted the exam centre from Gujarat College to Sola Umiya Campus. However, with Saturday and Sunday being holidays, the GU officials are at a complete loss about how to intimate the students about this change in the venue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17726538", "title": "Tagore\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s rare 1931 letter surfaces in Bangalore bookstore", "text": "BANGALORE: Nestled in the heart of the city, off MG Road, lies a rare piece of history that dates back to the time of the country's legendary cultural icon Rabindranath Tagore.Framed for perpetuity, a 1931 hand-written letter by the Nobel laureate hangs within a booklovers' alcove, Blossom, on Church Street. Written on a Visva-Bharati University letterhead, an institute that Tagore founded in 1921, the letter is addressed to no one in particular and begins with the lines \"... It is hard for me to say in a few faltering words how I feel when voices greet me from my own country and across the seas...\"The letter goes on to narrate Tagore's deep appreciation for something he received or was bestowed with as he ends his letter saying, \".... the best reward of my life\". The letter was signed and dated December 17, 1931, which incidentally was the year in which Tagore celebrated his 70th birthday. Considering the letter was written 17 years after he won the Nobel Prize for literature, could his words \"best reward of my life...\" have something to do with a birthday gift?\"In 1931, for Tagore's 70th birthday, great minds like Albert Einstein and many others wrote about Tagore, which were compiled and published in 'Golden Book',\" says Mayi Gowda, owner of Blossom Book House. Gowda accidentally chanced upon this letter in a rare copy of the Golden Book two years ago.Only 1,500 copies of the Golden Book were published, and Gowda is among the lucky few to get their hands on this book for a mere Rs 5,000 at an old bookstore located near Flora Fountain in South Mumbai.\"Honestly, neither did the bookstore nor I knew of the letter inside. Only after buying the book did I find it hidden among the pages,\" recollects Gowda, who has authenticated the letter by researching other letters written by Tagore. While the Visva-Bharati University has not contacted Gowda on the letter, Tagore followers have approached him to buy the letter. \"I won't sell it,\" says Gowda.Gowda was able to throw some light on why and how the letter could have found its way into a copy of the Golden Book. \"He (Tagore) possibly could have written this letter, while presenting the book to one his friends,\" feels Gowda.While this line of thought does link the missing dots in some way, the actual reason for the letter being in the book that Gowda laid his hands on will always remain a mystery. But the mystique and persona of Tagore does indeed resonate through this piece of the paper, which was written 71 years ago and bears the emblem of the Visva Bharati University.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17725395", "title": "BJP and the Bill: Govt staff continues to hound state unit", "text": "LUCKNOW: With a scattered protest by a handful of Bharatiya Janata Party leaders in the state against the reservation in promotion bill, the state unit of the party seems to have failed to send a strong message across to state government employees who have been opposing the bill for a long time.It was probably for this reason that state government employees continued to shout slogans against BJP and even staged dharna in front of the state headquarters till the last day of the agitation.Already at the receiving end after the central leadership of the BJP voted in favour of the reservation in promotion bill in Rajya Sabha, the state unit leaders, most of whom were against the bill knowing well that even support to the bill will not do much good to the party to increase the vote base in the state, took very long to take a stand in public. Of course with an exception of BJP MP Yogi Adityanath from Gorakhpur, who was the first to have termed the bill unconstitutional a couple of days before the voting, while deputy leader in Vidhan Sabha Satish Mahana was the first prominent state BJP leader to have voiced his reservation against reservation in promotion bill.Calling his off the party line statement as a token protest, Mahana had said even if it was passed, BJP doesn't seem to gain from it and also said it would be a loss for the BJP in UP if the central leadership supported the bill. But, he too failed to impress the state government employees.Mahana was followed by state BJP Laxmikant Bajpayi, who told TOI that the central leadership had been apprised of the concern of the state party workers and leaders. This was followed by several MLAs meeting national BJP chief Nitin Gadkari in New Delhi and expressing their resentment on the day when the Lower House sat for the last day and voting on reservation in promotion bill was to take place.Last but not the least, BJP MP Lalji Tandon and Pilibhit MP Varun Gandhi also came out in public to protest against reservation in promotion only a day after Lok Sabha was adjourned sine die without voting on the bill taking place.However, even all this failed to impress the state government employees, who not only stopped district BJP unit of Lucknow from taking out victory procession to mark the success of Narendra Modi in Gujarat but also believe that all this was mere gimmick.Talking to TOI, Shailendra Dubey, president of Sarvajan Hitaay Sanrankshan Samiti, an umbrella organisation under banner which state government employees had protested, said these statements were out of the fear of losing seats in Assembly and Lok Sabha elections rather than being a change in party's principle stand.Out of the four amendments brought before the Parliament, three were tabled by BJP but employees had forgiven the party. This time round, however, there was anger among the state government employees over the issue. He said the forum was not a political organisation but the stand was clear that the employees are against those who are favouring the bill.Interestingly, state BJP chief Laxmikant Bajpayi is confident of not ending up loser. He said the state BJP unit's stand was clear that the bill should be brought for voting either after adhering to Nagarajan Committee provisions including inadequacy of representation or the bill should be sent to Supreme Court for opinion.To regain the lost ground, the BJP state unit has also decided to stage protest against reservation in promotion other than FDI , law and order and other issues beginning December 25 the birthday of former prime minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee . The protest would continue till January 12, Bajpayi said after a meeting of the party unit in Kanpur.On the scattered show of resentment on the issue until now, Bajpayi said it was part of the party's strategy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17726165", "title": "Sonia may have to play third umpire to resolve Joshi-Gehlot tiff over IPL", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress chief Sonia Gandhi may have to be the third umpire with the rivalry between highways minister CP Joshi and Rajasthan CM Ashok Gehlot threatening Indian Premiere League (IPL) fixtures at Jaipur's Sawai Mansingh stadium.A new aspect of differences between Gehlot and his one-time protege has reached Sonia with the Rajasthan Cricket Association (RCA), headed by Joshi, clashing with the Rajasthan State Sports Council, controlled by a nominee of the CM, over fees and ground charges.The Council headed by Shivcharan Mali, who had to step aside for Joshi becoming RCA boss, has demanded arrears of Rs 30 crore from the state cricket association along with a steep hike in ground use fees.A revision of ground fees from Rs 3.5 lakh for the season is not seen as excessive. But the staggering arrears has Joshi seeing red and the minister, who represents Bhilwara in the Lok Sabha, has taken his grievances to Sonia after several attempts to resolve the tangle failed.Worried that the tussle will affect its match schedule, the Board for Control of Cricket (BCCI) in India asked the two sides to sort out irritants and IPL chairperson Rajeev Shukla has been engaged in trying to bring about a lasting peace between RCA and Mali.The dispute reflects the political-caste fault line in the state Congress with Joshi, a Brahmin, pitted against Mali, who belongs to the same backward caste as Gehlot.BCCI is keen RCA and the Council sign a memorandum of understanding setting out terms of their agreement to nip future disputes in the bud, an insurance that a fresh outbreak of intra-party rivalries does not jeopardize IPL matches.Gehlot has assured the stadium will be available, but sources said it is not clear if Mali is ready to forget the bitterness over the prestigious post of RCA president.The relations between Gehlot and Joshi have undergone a sea change from the days when the CM is reported to have wept over the minister's loss by a solitary vote in the Nathdwara assembly election in 2008.After becoming a central minister, and being seen as close to Congress leader Rahul Gandhi, Joshi sees himself as Gehlot's equal. The minister's assertions have not gone down well with the CM leading to a division in the state unit.Joshi has associated himself with demands like economic reservation for forward castes, while Gehlot sees merit in backward mobilization.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17724703", "title": "Nostalgia sweeps alumni meet at Satya Sai Vidya Vihar", "text": "INDORE: Satya Sai Vidya Vihar organized an alumni meet on the school premises on the completion of 20 years. Students from all the 20 batches starting from 1992 came to attend the event on Saturday evening.To add to the emotionally charged atmosphere, the school organized interesting games and contests. \"A treasure hunt was arranged to keep the alumni entertained, along with contests like Mr &amp; Miss beautiful face, Mr &amp; Miss Naughty, Mr &amp; Miss Enthusiastic etc,\" said event coordinator and faculty Archana Trivedi.\"We had organised a meet of same nature in the month of April, but the ex-students who have settled outside India, could not make it here then, so this meet was organized again. This is vacation time at most places so those who are settled outside can conveniently make it for such events,\" Trivedi added.Sonal Nahata a pass-out of 2001 batch was there for the alumni meet with her batch mate and friend Neha Daharya. \"All the memories of our school days are coming back. Seems like it was all just yesterday! Meeting all the old teachers is one experience we would not have missed,\" she said.A pass-out of 2004 batch Manoj Khurana could not hide his excitement while saying, \"Alumni meet or not I keep coming back to the school every once in a while. Such get-togethers help refresh our memories.\"It wasn't just a matter of alumni meet for Shilpa Bhatia, as after passing out from the school she now has taken up teaching there.\"I am a pass out of the 1992 batch here, and now I am teaching at the same school for the last two years. The teachers who taught me are now my colleagues. Being here today with all the friends and batch-mates is overwhelming,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17725821", "title": "'Men who perceive women as objects resort to violence'", "text": "MUMBAI: A mindset that looks upon women as an object to be owned, the inability to deal with disappointments and the absence of speedy justice are some of the reasons responsible for violent behaviour towards women.\"The growing affluence of the Indian middle-class and the inability to say 'no' to a child who grows up unable to deal with disappointments is one of the prime reasons for such aggressive behaviour,'' said Dr Samyr Dalwai, developmental pediatrician and member of the Maharashtra State Commission for the Protection of Child Rights.Dr Dalwai said love was no longer about sharing but an achievement. \"It is all about me and it is love for an object which is not true love. Women who are into relationships must look for tell-tale signs of aggression, especially how a man deals with disappointments or frustrations.''Snehal Velkar, member of Akshara, a group helps women deal with violence, said a girl's refusal of a proposal is viewed as a defeat and not a different opinion. Even today, women are treated as objects to be possessed, she said. \"Colleges must hold workshops on gender sensitization. Young men need to be told what exactly a patriarchal society is. It is a continuous process and does not end with one day of counselling.''Sandhya Gokhale, member, Forum Against Oppression of Women, said the absence of speedy justice was also a prime reason for the increasing crimes against women. \"The mindset that one can get away with it as the police are incapable of ensuring proper investigation and low conviction rates have emboldened people. Also, men will not react similarly in other situations where they face disappointments. It is because women are treated as a commodity that they react so violently,'' she said.Professor P G Jogdand, head of the department of sociology, Mumbai University, said attitudes needed to change. \"For this the right values need to be inculcated from childhood by the family, neighbourhood, community and society at large,\" he said.Dr Shamsah Sonawalla, consultant pyschiatrist, Jaslok Hopsital, said today's kids want instant gratification and are less tolerant. They are also exposed to a lot of violence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17726020", "title": "Boy killed as his bike skids", "text": "BELGAUM: 17-year-old Shivaraj Rajendra Hiremath of Khade Bazar was killed on the spot when the bike he was riding skidded on Khanapur road near Jaad Shahapur here on Saturday.Shivaraj, accompanied by his friends, was on the way to Asoga, a tourist spot in Khanapur Taluk. Due to severe head injury, Shivaraj died on the spot.After postmortem, the body was handed over to the family members. Belgaum Rural Police have registered a case.Driver, cleaner killedThe driver and cleaner of a lorry were killed when their lorry fell off the bridge near Betane village of Khanapur taluk here on Saturday.According to police, the deceased are driver Shekappa, 45, of Bagalkot and cleaner Dawal Sab, 53, of Dandeli. The driver lost control of the lorry that was carrying boulders and jelly stones for construction work of the Belgaum-Goa state highway (Chorla road), When the duo fell off the bridge along with the lorry, they were covered under the hot jelly stones and died on the spot. Kanapur police have registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17725466", "title": "More states replicate Rajasthan's medical schemes, claim leaders", "text": "JAIPUR: The state Congress leaders are all praise for the medical schemes launched by their government till date. They claimed that other states are replicating the schemes and taking lessons from Rajasthan. Chief minister Ashok Gehlot while addressing a gathering of doctors after inaugurating 11 new facilities at JK Lon hospital on Saturday said, \"The patients from other states like Delhi, Haryana and Punjab are coming to Rajasthan for treatment after the launch of free medicine scheme.\"Gehlot said that Rajasthan would be the first state in the country to provide free medicines and free basic diagnostic tests on such a large scale. On Janani Shishu Suraksha Yojna (JSSY), Gehlot said, \"The scheme was launched by the Centre but because of the way Rajasthan government implemented it in the state, it gives an impression that this was the state government's scheme. We identified 1.18 lakh vehicles to launch the scheme in the state. As a result, the scheme became successful in increasing institutional deliveries in the state.\"Praising the free medicine scheme, health minister AA Khan, who was also present, said, \"The teams from those states that implemented the scheme much before Rajasthan, visited our state, to find out how the scheme became so successful here. A team from the Centre also visited Rajasthan. They (Centre) may replicate our model of free medicine.\"Khan added that the 108 ambulance service in the state provided transportation facilities to over 20 lakh patients, most of them pregnant women. \"Impressed with successful launch of 108 ambulance service, the Centre has allotted 400 ambulances (Janani Express) to Rajasthan.\"MP Mahesh Joshi said, \"A team of Maharashtra doctors visited JK Lon hospital. Now, they are replicating the thalassemia project in Maharashtra.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17725176", "title": "2 held for robbing man of Rs 5 lakh", "text": "GURGAON: Two persons were arrested for allegedly abducting a man and robbing him of Rs 5 lakh on Friday. The suspects and their associates allegedly pulled the man out of his car, held him hostage in theirs before snatching the money from him and dumping him on the way.Police have also recovered the Honda CRV car used in the crime. The duo was produced before the court and was taken on police remand.Sombeer, a resident of Bajghera village, has lodged a complaint with the police saying that on Friday evening, five or six persons attacked him. They forcibly pulled him out of his car and held him hostage in the Honda CRV. They then snatched the Rs 5 lakh he was carrying and dropped him on the way.Police had filed an FIR against unknown persons in the case and later arrested two persons identified as Rambir and Tejpal, also residents of Bajghera village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17726733", "title": "India's last polio victim waits in hope", "text": "KOLKATA: She walks a few steps, then trips and falls. No she isn't a toddler practising her steps. Three-year-old Ruksa Khatun is the country's last polio victim.While doctors and health workers may find this a reason to celebrate, the baby's parents are spending sleepless nights as her right foot is getting twisted, shorter and weaker with time. Ruksa immediately needs a surgery without which she may lose the limb even though she is cured of the disease she contracted in 2011.She toddles with a limp, trips and falls after a few paces. She picks herself up, trudges along for another few yards, then gives up and flings herself into her mother's lap. Three-year-old Ruksa Khatun, the last polio victim in the country, needs a surgery on her affected right foot. It's getting twisted, short and weak. Without the surgery, little Ruksa might lose the limb, even though she is cured of the disease she had contracted in 2011.The detection had set off an alarm bell in Howrah's Panchla - where Ruksa lives with her parents - and the rest of the country. Two years later, Ruksa is almost forgotten. Recalling the nightmare that they had to go through in January 2011, Ruksa's father Abdul Shah said he didn't believe his daughter will survive.\"We had been visiting the local pulse polio centre for vaccination drops. But the workers turned us away twice saying she had fever and was not fit to receive the dose. A week after the second refusal, Ruksa got fever and then her right leg got limp. We were horrified and rushed her to the local Gabberia hospital where polio was confirmed a week later. Initially, we didn't know what to do. Then, the Rotary Club helped us get Ruksa admitted to the BC Roy Hospital where she was treated. Fortunately, the treatment saved my daughter,\" said the zari worker who makes around Rs 2000 a month.But Shah and and his wife Sabeda Bibi are now worried since Ruksa hasn't been able to walk comfortably for the last six months. Ruksa's right leg is now a shade shorter than her left leg, which is affecting her balance while walking. It is also weak and she often suffers from acute pain.\"She needs a surgery, though there is still time. Doctors have said that she will be fine after the operation. We are keeping our fingers crossed,\" said Shah.The Panchla-Khargram-Pakur-Dhuliyan belt in Howrah is considered to be vulnerable to polio. Here, hundreds of families still refuse vaccination.Even though polio cases have been rare, the number of suspected cases is high in the region. Around 80 samples are sent to the WHO laboratory at the School of Tropical Medicine for tests every week.\"There is still resistance to vaccination which is dangerous. Our job is to do a survey in the areas which are under our supervision and identify children with weak limbs. Once acute flaccid paralysis (AFP) is suspected, we collect and send blood and stool samples to the WHO laboratory at the School of Tropical Medicine. This is the protocol but the major responsibility is on the state health department. They are in charge of the entire state while we survey only a small area in Chetla and Singur,\" said D Datta, professor of public health at the All India Institute of Hygiene and Public Health.He added that AFP does not necessarily signify polio. \"It is a symptom and all suspected cases since 2011 have been negative,\" he said. Health Department spokesperson Asit Biswas admitted that there is still resistance to immunization in the state. \"There is no active resistance but vaccines are skipped. We maintain a constant surveillance,\" said Asit Biswas, health department spokesperson.Awareness campaigns need to be intensified in areas from where suspected cases are reported most frequently, said Rajkumar Rajgaria, social mobilization coordinator of Rotary Club, who has been part of an anti-polio campaign in Howrah.\"Each year, the government spends Rs 1000 crore on imported polio vaccines. Despite this huge expenditure and the camps, there are still thousands who don't receive immunization due to social and religious prejudices. We have been running health camps in Panchla ever since Ruksa contracted polio. Her example has helped to bring more children under the immunization programme, but a lot still needs to be done,\" said Rajkumar Rajgaria, social mobilization coordinator of Rotary Club, who has been part of an anti-polio campaign in Howrah. Health workers, too, needed to be trained better. \"In Ruksa's case, her parents were wrongly told that she couldn't take the vaccine since she had fever. The immunization programme would be futile if health workers misguide people,\" he added.At Ruksa's village in Panchla, the only polio immunization centre at the Gabberia Hospital is 4km away. There is no motorable road connecting the villages in the area with the hospital.\"Mothers don't take their children for vaccines regularly. A strong religious prejudice still exists against vaccines. I have been telling my neighbours that they shouldn't skip vaccines or else their children could be affected, just like my daughter,\" said Shah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17726483", "title": "Priests to decide policy on making Godavari clean", "text": "NASHIK: The issue of the increasing pollution in Godavari, Ganga and Yamuna rivers will be on top of the agenda at the two-day national-level convention of priests organized by Akhil Bharatiya Tirth Purohit Mahasabha (ABTPM), beginning Sunday in Gujarat.The convention which will be held at Somnath will discuss over 10 issues and decide the policy on making the Godavari, Ganga and Yamuna rivers pollution-free. Priests from around 84 pilgrimage centres in the country are participating in the convention.Speaking to TOI, Satish Shukla, vice-president of ABTPM and president of the Nashik Ganga Godavari Purohit Sangh, elaborated, \"Nashik is one of the four places where Kumbh is held every 12 years. Situated on the banks of the river Godavari, the city is a major pilgrimage centre in the country where thousands of devotees visit to daily. The devotees visiting the 'Ram kund' in Godavari expect clean holy tirtha (holy water), which is not the case. Religious activities are performed here continuously, but water is not released constantly. Hence, regular sanitary works and constant water flow in Ram kund are needed. It's the same case with other holy rivers in the country. The Simhastha Kumbh mela is just around the corner but local authorities have also not taken any initiative in this connection. This issue is to be discussed at the convention.\"Other issues which are to be deliberated at the convention include development of pilgrimage centres, problems faced by priests and pilgrimage centres, strengthening the organization and participation of priests in the development of pilgrimage centres.The devotees visiting the 'Ram kund' in Godavari expect clean holy tirtha (holy water), which is not the case. Religious activities are performed here continuously, but water is not released constantly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17725335", "title": "ADG Trivedi completes first leg of Triathlon", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Additional Director General of Police Rajiv Trivedi and his ten-member team successfully swam for 25 kms from Bheemunipatnam to R K Beach in Visakhapatnam in the first leg of police triathlon that started on Saturday.The second leg that will start on Sunday will involve 695 km cycling over eight days while there will be marathon run of 42.195 km on January 1.Trivedi and his team struggled their way through jelly fish and other poisonous marine creatures but managed to complete their endurance test in Bay of Bengal in 9 hours and 40 minutes.\"It was for the first time that I swam from Bheemili to Rama Krishna Beach and it was tough. I had conquered the English Channel, Palk Straight and Gibraltar but rip current here is very high,\" the 55-year old IPS officer said after swimming 25 km through the choppy sea.\"There are lot of jelly fish. Its bite is painful and could lead to paralysis,\" he said. Tomorrow Trivedi will lead his team on cycles from here to Hyderabad, a distance of 695 kms.\"My next target is successful completion of 695 kms of cycling from Vizag to Hyderabad and a full marathon (42.5 kms) here,\" he said.The event was being organised as part of 150 years of India police celebrations by AP Police Sports.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17726777", "title": "Language labs to make students job-ready", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: To make students more articulate and presentable in the job market, the state government has decided to open 10 language laboratories in as many colleges with the help of IIT-Kharagpur. The government would spend around Rs 2 crore to commission the state-of-the- art labs.The laboratories will impart soft skills needed for corporate jobs. \"As dress code, etiquettes, mannerism, body language and articulation and communication skills are needed for personality development, the labs will groom the undergraduates to make them job-ready,\" Mihir Das, officer in-charge performance tracking cell of higher education department, told TOI.Das said the idea came from the fact that despite good academic knowledge, many of the students from Odisha are lagging behind in the national level competitions because of their poor presentation skills.Das said five labs will be in government colleges while the rest will be in private colleges. The colleges will charge nominal fee from students, up to Rs 1,000, to make the labs self-sustaining.Only interested students will be enrolled on the basis of a selection method to be decided at the college level. The laboratories will accommodate either 24 or 32 students and will be air-conditioned. They will be fitted with audio-visual systems, headphones and projector screens. The IIT Kharagrpur will provide technical know-how and software for the language lab operating system. \"The idea is to acclimatize the students to modern work office environment so that they face job interviews confidently,\" said Suresh Patnaik, principal of BJB College and convener of the language laboratory committee of the state.Patnaik said besides commissioning the laboratories, the IIT Kharagpur will train the teachers, who will teach in these labs. The colleges will offer one month to six months training to the students and offer certificates, accordingly. The colleges will evaluate the students on their effectiveness at the end of the training sessions and grade them on the basis of their performance.The government will soon finalize the 10 colleges covering different localities in the entire state. The IIT Kharagpur will make individual plans for each college, government sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17729582", "title": "Perarasu has a dream", "text": "Director Perarasu has always wanted to direct Superstar Rajinikanth. In fact, he even has a script ready and has titled it Sengottai. He feels that the movie would be perfect for the Superstar. He also maintains that the film would be a great treat for the Superstar fans.Perarasu recently suffered a setback after he tasted failure with the movie Thiruthani , which had Bharath and Sunaina in the lead. Let's see if the director manages to pull off a film with the Superstar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17724357", "title": "Five bikes found charred in Lunawada", "text": "VADODARA: Five bikes were found charred under mysterious conditions in Lunawada town of Panchmahal district. Police have sought the help of forensic experts to ascertain the reason behind the incident.The bikes were parked in a row in Ghaati area of the town. All of them caught fire sometime on Friday night. Residents of the locality doused the flames, but did not inform the police.Lunawada police sub-inspector A M Bariya said it was only later that the police came to know about the incident and began investigations. Bariya said forensic experts were called and asked to collect samples to identify the cause of the fire. Bariya said two of the motorcycles were old and not in use. \"We are trying to ascertain the reason for the incident and if it was a deliberate attempt,\" he said. Bariya added that the situation in the town was otherwise peaceful and no motives could be attributed to the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17725759", "title": "Protesters take to streets for safe Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: A storm of protest erupted on the streets of Mumbai on Saturday as activists and political parties held demonstrations demanding justice for rape victims. Unlike New Delhi, the demand for capital punishment did not figure on the agenda although private citizens were unequivocal in their support for death penalty.Women's organizations undertook a signature campaign outside Swaminarayan temple in Dadar where a woman was stabbed over mistaken identity last week. Nandita Shah, co-director of Akshara, said, \"Our basic demand is zero tolerance towards crimes against women. We want speedy probe and registration of offences, improved conviction rate and a healthy support system for victims.\"A statewide women's helpline, similar to 103 that functions in Mumbai, was on the charter as well.Congress MP Priya Dutt's Carter Road rally found support on social networking sites. \"A large number of women come to Mumbai to study and work and they are beset by fear. We need to make our cities and our country safe,\" said Dutt who plans to draft a recommendation to her leaders urging \"doable results\".The need to divert police from VIP service into the security of the common man found voice. The Aam Aadmi Party hit the streets of Bandra west but was stopped before it could picket the Pali Hill residence of Union home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde . \"Justice must not only be done but must be seen to be done,\" said AAP's Ravi Srivastava. AAP's Mayank Gandhi said, \"I support life imprisonment and castration.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17726708", "title": "Dancer hired for event gang-raped in Bhubaneswar", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Even as shockwaves created by the Delhi gang rape are yet to abate, a 19-year-old dancer underwent a similar ordeal in Saheed Nagar here on Wednesday night. The incident came to light only after police arrested four men in this connection on Thursday and Friday.The accused were identified as Jatadhar Sahoo (52), Subrat Kumar Das (29), Biranchi Narayan Dasmohapatra (39) and Sangram Keshari Pradhan (28), all residents of Bhubaneswar. They were produced in a lower court and sent to judicial custody following rejection of their bail plea. Police are on the lookout for another accused in the incident.Police said Sahoo, who was known to the victim, invited her to Beherasahi to perform in a function. The girl, who hailed from Phulanakhara area on the outskirts of Bhubaneswar, was picked up by Sahoo from Jayadev Vihar around 5 pm and taken to a house in Beherasahi. His accomplices were already present in the house, where Sahoo was staying as a caretaker. Sahoo was sleeping peacefully in his house after committing the heinous crime when he was nabbed by police.\"Before the girl could sense trouble, the five men locked her inside the house and outraged her modesty,\" said assistant commissioner of police (zone-1) Nihar Ranjan Das. Sources said the girl somehow managed to escape from the clutches of the accused at midnight and took shelter near a petrol filling station. \"She approached us on Thursday morning and lodged a complaint, leading to the arrest of the four men on Thursday and Friday,\" said Amita Tripathy, inspector in-charge of Mahila police station. \"The fifth accused has been identified and would be arrested soon,\" Tripathy said.Police are verifying the criminal antecedents of the accused. While Sahoo was caretaker of the house, Pradhan is a taxi driver. The other three are small-time vendors in the city.Police investigation revealed the girl had earlier come in contact with Sahoo six months ago at a function in Salepur near Cuttack. Sahoo befriended her and asked her to stay in touch with him for dance programmes. Sahoo invited her for the first time on Wednesday and promised to pay her Rs 5,000 for the function, sources said.The condition of the girl is fine, the assistant commissioner of police said. \"She underwent medical test where it was confirmed that she was raped. Her condition is fine now,\" Das said.Police said the girl, who hails from a poor family, has been sent to her house. Her father passed away recently and she was earning money by dancing in local marriage and social functions to run the family. She has two sisters, one of whom is married.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17726186", "title": "Chhattisgarh CM against direct cash transfer", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after passing a food security bill in the state assembly, Chhattisgarh chief minister and senior BJP leader Raman Singh said here on Saturday that his government will not implement direct cash transfer in food commodities as the existing public distribution system (PDS) is a better option for the poor in the state.\"Chhattisgarh will not implement cash transfers to replace the PDS system for food grains, as people will die of hunger if it is done... cash transfer cannot replace PDS in the coming 10 years,\" Singh said.Having passed the country's first food security bill in his state on Friday, Singh said, he will also take up the issue at the National Development Council (NDC) meeting to be chaired by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh here on December 27, where other chief ministers will also be present.Singh said he made his views against replacing the PDS system with cash transfer scheme clear as a member of the Prime ministerial committee on food security, where the two other members were Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi and deputy chairman of Planning Commission Montek Singh Ahluwalia.\"After very serious discussions on the issue the government went ahead in announcing the cash transfer scheme, which is good for other commodities where the government provides for subsidy, but not in food.Elaborating why PDS will work better and cash transfer will not, Singh said, the problems of identifying BPL and families that already exist will get carried over to the scheme, leakages will remain just as it is evident in direct bank transfer system in schemes like pensions for aged, widows and disabled.The CM, whose government's successful PDS system has received praise, said lack of banks and post offices in remote areas of the country would also be a major problem for the cash transfer scheme.People can access food grains through the PDS network but it will take a long time to ensure all BPL families have a bank account holder among them. \"There is no guarantee that cash transfer will be used to buy food. Poor families are often debt ridden and are usually in need for cash for household, medical educational and other expenses. Cash may be used for other purposes,\" he said. He warned against inflation and fluctuations in food prices that may not tally with the cash transferred to the poor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17726796", "title": "Assembly okays cooperative societies poll panel", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Amid chaos, the assembly on Saturday passed the Odisha Cooperative Societies (Amendment) Bill, 2012, paving the way for creation of a separate body to conduct elections to cooperative organizations.The ruling BJD pushed through the proposed legislation, which envisages establishment of a state cooperative election commission to conduct polls for cooperative societies every five years. Odisha has around 5,000 cooperative societies with about 65 lakh families as members.With the 97th Constitution Amendment Act, which came into effect in February, 2012, making forming cooperative societies a fundamental right for the citizens, it was mandatory for the state government to amend the Odisha Cooperative Societies Act, 1962, to bring it in conformity with the amended provisions of the Constitution.Going by the amendments, the election monitor would be headed by a state cooperative election commissioner to facilitate timely election to the cooperative societies. The Governor will appoint the cooperative election commissioner for a period of five years or till 65 years of age of the person, to be selected from retired officers not below the rank of a secretary to government.The board of directors of cooperative societies shall have maximum of 21 members with one seat reserved for Scheduled Castes or Scheduled Tribes and two seats for women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17724327", "title": "India's first zombie film comes to IIM-A", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A Hindi zombie origin film has been invited by students of the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad (IIM-A) as part of the annual cultural festival - Chaos. While the concept of films based on zombies is popular in Hollywood, 'Rise of the Zombie' is India's first film based on the living dead.Luke Kenny, actor and musician, who will open the concert at Chaos for Vishal &amp; Shekhar on Sunday, will promote the film and showcase merchandise by sharing goodies with the audience. The team plans to promote its film at all leading campuses in India and had recently organized a 'Zombie Walk' by college students in Mumbai. \"As the zombie genre is new to Hindi films, the producers have unveiled a massive campaign to take this genre to a wider audience,\" said writer and co-director Devaki Singh.\"Zombie economy is now worth $5.74 billion, according to Wall Street estimates, and still counting,\" Singh added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17726449", "title": "Govt depts not complying with information commission orders", "text": "RAIPUR: Chhattisgarh Information Commission has found that various government departments are not timely complying with its orders on complaints and appeals. The shortage of staff is also adversely affecting its normal functioning.The annual report of the commission, headed by chief information commissioner Serjius Minj, also pointed out that the commission has been submitting its report every year, making recommendations for the effective implementation of the transparency law.The report, which was tabled in the Vidhan Sabha, said the state government must direct all departments concerned to ensure cent per cent compliance of its orders passed on appeals and complaints. Besides, the commission also recommended to the government to direct all its public information officers, on whom the commission had imposed fines, to timely deposit them and to send compliance report to the commission.The report also noted that the commission had submitted its recommendations in its annual reports for 2005-06 to 2009-10 but it was not aware as to what action has been taken on these recommendations. It felt that the state government should also furnish an action taken report (ATR) while tabling the report in the state legislative assembly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17724259", "title": "Ahoms wants special state status on lines of J&K; for Assam", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Ahom Royal Society (ARS), an organization representing the Ahom community in the state, has demanded special state status on the lines of Jammu and Kashmir for Assam.The demand was accepted in the ARS conference here on Saturday, where 20 organizations representing different ethnic groups, including the pro-talks faction of Ulfa, took part. The ARS argued that in the backdrop of infiltration from Bangladesh , identities of the various indigenous groups will be threatened unless special state status is granted to Assam.\"All the participants in the conference said the state government should only update the National Register for Citizens (NRC) after the foreigners residing in Assam illegally are detected, their names deleted from the voters' list and are deported,\" ARS spokesperson Jintu Hazarika said.The ARS suspected that there was a possibility of the names of foreigners being included in the NRC unless there was a thorough detection and deportation prior to updating the NRC.\"Infiltration is an ongoing problem. So we can only expect a foolproof NRC after the foreigners are detected and necessary actions are taken against them. We fear that without a thorough detection process, updating the NRC will be a faulty exercise,\" Hazarika added.The ARS has also expressed reservations over the Assam Accord. ARS secretary general Uttam Kumar Baruah said the accord did not reflect the interests of different indigenous communities in the state.\"The Assam Accord cannot protect the interest of indigenous people in the state because it still lacks constitutional backing. Those organizations, which are demanding implementation of Assam Accord should also held talks with us and study minutely the drawbacks in the accord,\" Baruah said.The ARS has asked the Centre and state governments to help promote Sukapha, who was the founder of the Ahom kingdom in the state, at an international level. Ahoms are descendents of Sukapha, a prince from Shan province, who crossed the Patkai hills straddling the northeast and Myanmar and established his kingdom in Assam in 1228. The Ahoms ruled the state for 600 years through 39 dynasties of Swargadeos (kings) till the British took over the state in 1826 under the treaty of Yandaboo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17725992", "title": "Armed with sandals and angst, women close ranks", "text": "LUDHIANA: As the city continues to simmer with resentment over the Delhi gang rape, women members of the Hindu Sikh Jagriti Sena took to the road armed with sandals, as an expression of their anger towards the accused.The demonstrators gathered at Fountain Chowk at around 5pm and strongly raised the demand for better security and stern laws to check crimes against women. \"We carried sandals to give a stern message to the government that they cannot sit on the issue of security for women anymore. If they do so women will be left with no other option but to arm and protect themselves,\" said Anju Jain, a resident of Model town and member of the organisation committee.Sena secretary Kanchan Khaira underscored the need for laws to be stern enough to act as deterrents. \"Laws have to be amended and stringent measures have to be taken to instill fear in the minds of such men. Women should also learn self protection by learning martial arts,\" she suggested.A large number of members of the BSNL Working Women Coordination committee organised a demonstration near the BSNL office close to Bharat Nagar chowk on Saturday afternoon. Addressing the demonstrators, Committee chairman Sukhpreet Kaur demanded public execution of the accused. The employees also prayed for speedy recovery of the rape victim.A candle march was organized from Durga Mata Mandir, Dugri to Phase-1 market by residents, predominantly women, who gathered near the temple at around 6.30pm. \"Our aim is to close ranks against this injustice and ensure that stringent action is taken against the accused. We are also praying for the life of the rape v1ictim,\" said Rajeshwari Gosain, organiser of the candle march.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17724305", "title": "No security outside bars before New Year", "text": "GUWAHATI: The countdown for New Year's may have already begun, but the city bars and pubs are in no way prepared to handle the party crowd yet.Apart from CCTV cameras installed in most bars as per the directives of the Kamrup (Metro) district administration, there is a lack of proper security measures outside most bars in Guwahati.Despite the GS Road molestation case that took place a few months back, there are hardly any policemen deployed outside bars and pubs for controlling untoward situations. The administration has, however, assured that security in bars will be reviewed ahead of December 31.\"Within a few days, the district administration will review the conditions in which city bars are functioning. Almost all the bars in Guwahati have installed CCTV cameras. The administration has also instructed bar owners to register the names of customers while entering bars,\" said Mrinal Gogoi, additional deputy commissioner of Kamrup (Metro) district.The administration has even instructed bars to hire female bouncers, but only a few bars located in grand hotels have paid heed to the instruction. The bar owners have said that it is difficult to find female bouncers.Manager of Blue Moon Hotel Sankar Das Gupta said, \"We installed CCTV cameras as per the directives of the district administration. It is necessary to keep a record.\"But most bar owners alleged that the administration has adopted a lax attitude in providing police security around bars. \"We can arrange private security in the bars. But the management doesn't have control outside bars,\" said a bar owner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17725719", "title": "No headway in Dausa constable death", "text": "JAIPUR: The police are still groping in dark regarding the murder of 36-year-old police constable Yogendra Singh who was mowed down by criminals in Dausa's Mahuwa area on Thursday night. Police teams were rushed to various places, however, they have failed to nab a single one of about half-a-dozen criminals involved in the case.The constable was chasing a jeep without a registration number plate after it broke the barricades put up at the police outpost near Balaheri village. Another barricade was put up on NH-11 to stop the criminals, however, they broke that as well and mowed down the constable, who died on the spot.SHO Chiranji Lal Meena said that the jeep sped away after killing the constable. \"We tried to chase it, but the criminals disappeared taking advantage of fog and darkness,\" said the officer.The officer added the criminals were yet to be identified. \"The jeep carried no registration number. However, we spotted some stickers of an automobile company from where the vehicle might have been bought. There are some other evidences also,\" said the officer.Police teams raided several places in and around Dausa, however, they have failed to trace the culprits. The police have rounded up some people for interrogation.The postmortem of the constable was carried out on Friday after his family members arrived in Mahwa.\"The constable had sustained serious head injuries as per the postmortem report, which possibly caused his death. We have handed over the body to the family members. Further investigation is on,\" the officer said.This is the second cop who was killed in a span of 15 days. A week ago, an arms smuggler shot dead a police constable and seriously injured an ASI in Dholpur's Diholi area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17725495", "title": "RWITC suspends English jockey", "text": "MUMBAI: The stewards of the Royal Western India Turf Club (RWITC) have suspended English jockey Liam Jones for dangerous riding on Turf Lightening in the Gracias Saldhana Memorial Million, run last Sunday at the Mahalaxmi racecourse.Turf Lightning had finished fourth in the race which won by Star Trainer. Later after Liam was found guilty of dangerous riding, his horse was disqualified and order of placing in the results was also changed. Fifth placed Nefy was promoted to fourth place.According to a statement issued by the RWITC, stipendiary stewards (investigating officers) reported that passing 250 metres, Turf Lightning shifted in under use of the whip by Liam on to another horse Nefyn (rider Dashrath Singh), who in turn shifted in on to Mountain Regiment (rider Amyn Merchant), who again in turn shifted on to Scarlet Pimpernel (S Zervan), who was racing along the rails and was squeezed out and lost position.The Stewards, after the last race, questioned jockey Liam for dangerous riding. Not being satisfied with the explanation tendered by him, decided to suspend his riding license from December 30, 2012 to January 15, 2013.Liam Jones is riding for legendary horse owner MAM Ramaswamy in the currant Mumbai season and it his first visit to India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "17724243", "title": "North-East forum calls for repeal of AFSPA", "text": "ITANAGAR: The North-East Dialogue Forum (NEDF), a conglomeration of various civil society organizations of the region, has urged the Centre to repeal the Armed Forces (Special Powers) Act from the northeast.Terming the Act as \"draconian\", the forum, in a press conference here on Friday, said the Centre's own committee headed by justice Jeeven Reddy set up in 2004, and the Second Administrative Reforms Commission chaired by Congress leader Veerappa Moily, have already recommended to repeal the Afspa.The Armed Forces (Special Powers) Act, 1958, imposed in the region to counter insurgency is now operative in all northeast states including Manipur and Jammu &amp; Kashmir. Notably, 'Iron Lady' Irom Sharmila Chanu, a human rights activist, has been on an indefinite strike for more than a decade now demanding withdrawal of Afspa from Manipur.\"The Act is only spreading hatred and is not helping counter terrorism,\" alleged NEDF convener for Manipur, U Nobokishor.He said, \"Afspa was imposed in the region to counter insurgency, but the Act itself has become counter-productive now. Earlier, it was formed only for the few insurgent groups that were active at that time, but now because of the Act, numerous other insurgent groups have burgeoned. It has failed to curb insurgency totally.\"The orhanization further alleged that the imposition of AFSPA in the northeast is similar to racism by the Centre. The convener said, \"Why does the Act have to be confined to a geographical area? There are so many Maoist groups functioning in states like Jharkhand and Orissa, to name a few, why can't the Act be imposed there? Why only in Jammu &amp; Kashmir and the northeast states.\"Nobokishor also put forth several gruesome acts of the Army in the name of Afspa. Calling for military reforms in the country, he also informed that AFSPA has inadvertently given immunity to several army personnel from trial even though many cases have been filed against them.Lastly, appealing for the ratification of National Criminal Code saying that India should follow International Criminal Code (ICC), Nobo said, \"We seek ICC for withdrawal of Afspa.\"Calling upon the people of Arunachal Pradesh to support the fight against Afspa, NEDF ( Assam ) convener Ranjan K Barua said, \"We need to develop a strong force, make people aware of the grave situation that we are in, which will take us to our goal.\"The Forum also urged the Centre to take into consideration the recommendations of the United Nations to repeal the Afspa and protect basic human rights in the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17729723", "title": "Sporty Spice wants to have a traditional Christmas", "text": "Former Spice Girl, Mel Chisholm, better known as Sporty Spice or Mel C, has revealed that she is planning to celebrate Christmas in a really traditional way this year and is happy that she will be surrounded by all her close friends and family on the special day.The 38-year-old singer, who parted ways with partner Thomas Starr earlier this year, after nearly a decade of being together, admits that she is looking forward to the festive season. Mel, who has a three-year-old daughter with Starr, said, \"I'm so excited. I'm having my second London Christmas and we're going to stay at home and have family over for dinner. A really traditional Christmas is on the cards.\"Talking about her former bandmates, Mel also recently admitted that the band almost split up several times years back with both Geri Halliwell and Melanie Brown quitting a number of times. \"Geri left before but not publicly. A few of them had left, well, Melanie and Geri left a few times. I nearly got kicked out once as well, but that's another story. So yeah, I mean, it was difficult and you know, I think Geri would say these things herself. But you know she was having some personal issues and it's no secret that her and Melanie had a very fiery relationship in the past. They, they are the closest of all of the band. They're absolutely in each other's pockets or they can fight like cats and dogs,\" said Mel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17724816", "title": "Madhya Pradesh Stock Exchange registers highest ever trading volume", "text": "INDORE: Madhya Pradesh Stock Exchange (MPSE) registered the trading of Rs 250 crore, here on Friday, which is the highest volume of trading by the stock exchange for a single day since its inception more than a year ago.It is the biggest ever mark achieved by the regional stock exchange in a single day. Interestingly, it happened at a time when the BSE benchmark failed to hold on to mid-week gains and ended the week lower by 75 points, against the fall by 212 points on Friday, due to tail-end selling from operators triggered by worries over the US budget.Currently, the MPSE is acting as a trading platform for 13 companies that are listed at National Stock Exchange (NSE) and three other companies, in addition to it, that are listed at Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE).Talking to TOI, director of MPSE, Ashish Goyal, said, \"We achieved our highest turnover of Rs 250 crore on Friday since our coming into being on 26 October last year.\"He said that the major turnover is from the new members hailing from northern part of the country. People have recovered confidence in capital market and retail investors are also participating, added Goyal, speaking on the sidelines of All India Stock Borkers' Meet, which was held here on Saturday. Of late, the SE has completed 100 new members, spread over 16 states. \"Now, we have set a target to achieve the trading volume of Rs 1,000 crore on a daily basis by the end of the fiscal,\" said another director of MPSE, Santosh Muchhal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17726395", "title": "Roads And Bridges Corporation, Kerala eases the curve at Poojarivalavu", "text": "KOCHI: Moving away from the initial plan to straighten the accident-prone curve at Poojarivalavu on the Seaport-Airport Road, the roads and bridges corporation,Kerala (RBDCK) is set to inaugurate a four-lane 250 meter stretch in the area. Explaining the work carried out on the road, RBDC-K managing director A P M Muhammed Haneesh said, \"It was not a straightening of the curve, but we carried out the work of easing the curve.\"He said that there were many curves on the Seaport-Airport Road between Tripunithura and HMT Junction and it was practical to straighten all of them. Moreover, the state government fixed the design for a speed of 80 kmph and made the entire stretch into a four-lane road. \"To meet these requirements the state government and RBDC-K had to fall in line with the standards set by the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI). So, we had to opt for a 1.5 metre wide median instead of a 3 metre one. Now including the median the width of the road is 18.5 metres,\" he said.He added that to straighten the curve the authorities faced land acquisition issues.PWD minister V K Ebrahim Kunju will inaugurate the new stretch of re-laid road on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17725503", "title": "24x7 medical help lines, telemedicine centres to come up", "text": "COIMBATORE: The state health department, in a new project, has decided to establish 24x7 help lines and telemedicine centres across the state in rural as well as urban areas. As per the plan, around 31 telemedicine centres will be established across the state in rural areas while the other two in Coimbatore- in Anaikatti and at Rottikadai health sub-centres (HSCs).All the centres will be provided with facilities for video-conferencing, ECG, ultra-sound and other facilities. The nurses at these centres will collect the results and communicate them with the experts in the call centres at Chennai. Based on their advice, first, aid will be provided and the patient will be referred to the suitable hospitals nearby.\"With this, we aim to reach out to people in rural areas who need advanced medical support which otherwise may take time to reach hospitals that have all the medical facilities,\" said R Damodaran, deputy director for Public Health Services, Coimbatore. He added that the two centres in Anaikatti and Rottikadai will be completed before Pongal.For health-related queries or in case of health problems, the helpline can be reached on 104. The call centre in Chennai will have 20 people in charge of the operations with MBBS doctors and experts in general medicine, general surgery, paediatrics, obstetrics and gynaecology. Information on various aspects of health from diseases to schemes and even the nearest health centres will be available from the helplines.The existing HSCs in rural areas are manned by nurses. Telemedicine facilities are expected to overcome the limitations facing these centres. Around Rs2.87 crores has been earmarked for the project where around Rs15 lakhs each will be spent on every telemedicine centre, Damodaran said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "17724481", "title": "Hazaribag administration launches toilet awareness campaign", "text": "HAZARIBAG: A drive was launched in the district on Saturday by the administration to create awareness among people about constructing toilets in their homes.NGOs and block coordinators of the Jal Swachata Committees were asked to dedicate themselves towards this to bring about a change in society for which both the central and state governments are spending a lot.DC Manish Ranjan said, \"A five-day workshop has been organized here to train workers of both NGOs and government organizations to educate the masses, particularly those in the rural areas, to construct toilets in their residences, instead of using fields for relieving themselves, as this was the root cause of many diseases.\"He called upon the people to change these habits failing which their villages will not develop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "17726810", "title": "Low rate of conviction encourages rapists", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Though incidents of rape are mounting in Ganjam, the rate of punishment in the district remains dismal. According to sources, at least 63 rape cases were reported in the district in 2011, 52 in 2010 and 59 in 2009. In contrast, only two rapists were convicted by trial courts during the period.\"Rapists dare to commit the heinous crime because they know they can get away scot-free,\" said Chhita Ranjan Das, a teacher in the district.Lawmakers blamed the poor rate of conviction on lack of proper investigation by investigating agencies. \"In several cases victims were influenced by money and also threatened by the accused to withdraw their case,\" said senior advocate Bhagaban Sahu. \"In some cases the doctors were also influenced to temper the report. The rapists got off scot-free when the statement of the victim and medical report could not be corroborated,\" Sahu said, adding often victims back out of the case as the trial lingers on for a long time.Retired Orissa high court judge P K Mishra also agreed such cases lose their potency due to the trials dragging on in courts for a long time. Rape cases should be dispose off in a time-bound manner so that the victim can get speedy justice, Mishra said. People should come forward to give witness and cooperate with police to investigate incidents of rape, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "17726652", "title": "National Conference worker\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s death: Clean chit for Omar", "text": "SRINAGAR: An inquiry commission has exonerated J&K; chief minister Omar Abdullah and his aides from the mysterious death of a ruling National Conference activist in September last year.Mohammad Yousuf had died a day after Omar had handed him over to the Jammu &amp; Kashmir police after he was summoned to his official residence on September 29, 2011 for allegedly taking money from two NC workers for legislative council and ministerial berths. Yousuf's reported allegation that he had given the money to his father and Union minister Farooq Abdullah had infuriated the CM.\"On a cumulative assessment of the evidence on record it must be found that the death ... was caused by myocardial infarction which...would mean a heart attack and that no suspicious circumstances can be spelt out,\" Justice Bedi said in his 96-page report. It said Yousuf was arrested from the CM's residence after the registration of an FIR.The report cited evidence, saying Yousuf had received proper treatment after he was hospitalized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17724513", "title": "'Women with broken wings' to be staged in Vadodara to illustrate incidents of violence against women", "text": "VADODARA: Even as a shocked nation watch developments in Delhi rape case unfold, an international collaboration 'Women with broken wings' between two international performers, danseuse Mallika Sarabhai and pianist Elizabeth Lombart is all set to illustrate the numerous incidents of violence against women.The show would be staged in the first week of January at the CC Mehta auditorium in Vadodara, with Mallika enacting the story of a victim through her dance, and Elizabeth providing a magical musical background.Women with broken wings (WWBW) is being hosted by a few committed individuals under the banner JAAN (Just, able and necessary) that is working to prevent violence against women, among other issues. \"The plan to bring this show to Vadodara predates the Delhi incident. We are bringing this show with the hope that this would be a step towards changing the mindset of people,\" says artist and former journalist, Leela Mayor, who is one of the organizers.WWBW is being staged in India as part of a two-legged tour, the first leg of which begins in India for the InterArt, 37th Vikram Sarabhai International Arts Festival on December 30. The second part of the show would be held in Europe next year.Elizabeth Sombart has been playing piano for the last 25 years and has founded the Resonnance Foundation. , \"The aims of which are to \"offer music in places where it isn't\", and this means places like, hospitals, retirement and nursing homes, institutions for the disabled, penitentiaries et al. In 2006, she was elevated to the rank of Knight of the National Order of Merit for the entity of her work and, in 2008, Knight in the Order of Arts and Letters for her artistic career, reveals a media release. Her piano performances have been held in renowned places like the Theatre of the Champs-Elysees in Paris, Carnegie Hall in New York, Wigmore Hall in London, Konzertgebouw in Amsterdam, Suntory Hall in Tokyo, Victoria Hall in Geneva, and Palau Hall in Barcelona.Mallika Sarabhai is a recipient of Sangeet Natak Akademi Award for Creative Dance and the Crystal Award at the World Economic Forum in Davos for her contribution to the arts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17726407", "title": "VVIP choppers billed at Rs 3,546 crore to ferry President, PM begin touchdown", "text": "NEW DELHI: President Pranab Mukherjee , PM Manmohan Singh and other dignitaries have got another new plush and secure ride. Swanky, three-engine VVIP helicopters, with self-defence suites to guard against missiles, have quietly begun to touch down in India.Defence ministry sources say the first of 12 AW-101 helicopters, contracted for Rs 3,546 crore in February, 2010, arrived at the Palam airbase this week. The second and the third will be delivered next week, with the rest coming by July, 2013.The VVIPs may now travel in further style, having already got \"desi\" versions of US President's 'Air Force One' in the shape of three Boeing Business Jets (BBJs), but the helicopter deal has faced some turbulent weather in recent months.This Indian contract with UK-based AgustaWestland, a unit of Italian major Finmeccanica, apparently figures among the ongoing investigation by Italian prosecutors into alleged financial malpractices occurring within Finmeccanica and its subsidiaries.But defence minister AK Antony recently told Parliament while the government was \"constantly pursuing\" the matter, it had not ordered any formal inquiry in the \"absence of any specific information\" till now.The new helicopters will replace the ageing Russian-origin Mi-8s and Mi-17s with IAF's elite Communication Squadron, which ferries around the President, PM and other VVIPs, at the Palam airbase.The Indian AW-101 helicopters, eight in VVIP configuration and four in non-VVIP, are not as hi-tech as Barack Obama's 'Marine One', the call sign of the Marine Corps helicopter which ferries him.But they do have robust self-defence systems like missile-approach warners, chaff and flare dispensers and directed infra-red electronic counter-measures to protect VVIPs on board. Another concern of the Special Protection Group, which provides proximate security to PM, was the helicopters have \"a high tail boom\" to allow cars to come right next to the rear exit staircase without \"exposing\" VVIPs to a threat from anyone in the vicinity.Moreover, the \"rugged\" AW-101, with crash, damage-tolerant features and \"a service ceiling\" of 4.5-km, will ferry only 10 passengers in the VVIP configuration instead of the usual 40. Capable of night-flying with advanced avionics and navigational aids, the three engines provide better power and safety.The AW-101 were pitted against the American Sikorsky's S-92 Superhawk during extensive field trials held in 2008, overseen by both IAF and SPG. The subsequent contract came after the Rs 727-crore deal for five mid-size Embraer 135BJ Legacy jets in September, 2003, and the Rs 937-crore contract for the three BBJs in October, 2005, with advanced self-protection suites to guard against missiles and other threats. While the Legacy jets replaced old HS-748 Avros with the Communication Squadron, the BBJs substituted the two 737-200 aircraft bought in 1983.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17724324", "title": "'Gujarating Paris', literally speaking", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The city of Ahmedabad has always been a hub of budding intellectuals, culture lovers and literary greats. It has inspired art, excited writers and established organisations that promote works of original writings and several talents. Also, modern Gujarati literature owes much to its exposure to Western thought and writing. It is no surprise then that Alliance Francaise has completed 30 years here and is celebrating the momentous occasion by inviting Gujarati literary giants to share their experiences on a cultural dias.Prabodh Parikh, a Gujarati poet, short fiction writer and visual artist shared with literature loving Amdavadis what Paris meant to him as a child and how it moulded him as a poet, as a writer. \"I have been asked to share how I feel Gujarat has responded to Paris and French literature over the years, but I would rather tell you how I responded to Paris as a city in my mind,\" he said. \"As a young writer, I was fascinated about Paris through the books I read and created an image. Three Musketeers, Les Miserables drew me to the depths of French writings,\" he added.At the same time, Ahmedabad of the 1960s witnessed a slew of brilliant writers; Labhshankar Thakar, Adil Mansuri, Chinu Modi, Rajendra Shukla and Sitanshu Yashaschandra. \"They all possessed tremendous energy and wrote brilliantly. That's when I converged the Paris of the 20s and the Ahmedabad of the 60s in my mind,\" he said.Meeting poets in Ahmedabad during that time also coincided with the very first encounters with activities of the dadaists and the surrealists for Parikh. While dadaists were anti-aesthetic, anti-rational and anti-idealistic, surrealists undermined established values. \"I thus inhabited multiple geographies-Kalbadevi, Sarangpur Chakla, Cafe-de-Fleur, Parisian arcades and Mulji Jetha market. Through films that are about Paris, I have created a collage called Paris in the morning, Paris in the evening, Paris in the night,\" he said.The award winning litterateur made the wintry evening even more special by sharing his thoughts on some of his favorite French poets, painters, filmmakers, and walks. \"My story is about 'Gujarating' Paris,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "ramgarh", "code": "17724559", "title": "Notes found in debris to be sent to RBI forverification", "text": "RAMGARH: Ramgarh district police has decided to send the currency notes found in the debris of a demolished house to Reserve Bank of India (RBI) for verification. The house was demolished by the district administration a couple of weeks ago to clear the land acquired for the construction of a four-lane highway in Ramgarh suburban town.The currency notes amounting to Rs 57,200 still remain unclaimed by the dependents of the Ramgarh-based physician late Dr Latita Prasad.Ramgarh SP Anish Gupta said, \"Currency notes recovered from the debris recently were still unclaimed and police has sought verification of currency from RBI, Patna for future course of action. We will send the cash recovered from the debris for verification of serial numbers.\"DC Amitabh Kaushal has ordered a probe into the matter and the sub-divisional officer has been asked to submit reports on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17726832", "title": "Heli-charter services in state", "text": "KOLKATA: Heli-charter services will soon be operational in the state. Prayag Aviation-a unit of a Kolkata- based company - announced on Saturday that it would offer heli-charter services in the state from next week.The operations will open with a new black Bell 407 Helicopter which has a capacity of six passengers, the company statement said.The charter services, with a cost of Rs 90,000 per hour, are mainly aimed at attracting high net-worth individuals and corporates.Prayag group managing director Avik Bagchi said: \"It has been the need of the hour to provide a continued and safe helicopter service. We expect a large demand coming from corporates.\"AGENCIES \"For people of Kolkata, we have plans to launch heli-tourism, which includes joy-ride services and pilgrim tourism. Based on the demand, we will expand our fleet with helicopters and small aeroplanes as well,\" he added.Prayag Aviation today said would offer heli-charter services in West Bengal .The company in a statement said Prayag Aviation with an investment of Rs 100 crore would now offer the service.It would begin operations with a new black Bell 407 Helicopter with a capacity of six passengers, it added.The charter services will cost close to Rs 90,000 per hour, the company said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17729788", "title": "Rahman to rock Chennai", "text": "December 29, 2013 is going to be a big day for Chennaites. After all, Oscar winner Isai Puyal AR Rahman is all set to perform live for his fans on the day. Rahman will perform to an audience of 25,000 at a special concert called Thaai Manne Vanakkam (TMV) at the YMCA grounds at Nandanam in Chennai on the 29th of December.One of the highlights of the concert is that Rahman will only be performing Tamil numbers after a long time. The maestro said on the occasion, \"The concert will feature the best known singers in the music scene and it will be a pure Tamil show from Roja to Kadal .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "story ", "code": "17728586", "title": "Da Thadiya", "text": "Story : The film is about the emotional travails of an obese youth named Luka and his love for his childhood playmate.Review : Aashiq Abu's 'Da Thadiya' does not fail to enthuse. It is sympathetic enough while narrating the tale of a podgy youth Luka (Shekhar Menon) graduating from humiliation to honour. Sreenath Bhasi plays the caring, comforting cousin of Luka. He does a remarkably engaging job giving his voice over amply splattered with colloquial quips and humour and at the same time enacting a spirited, care-free young man.The film opens and ends on a beachside where Bhasi is seen restlessly pondering over something which would be revealed later. His recollections about his cousin begin from childhood presenting the case of an over-grown boy, his crush, moments of embarrassment, separation and gloom.There is enough substance to fascinate people, but it fades off a bit too quickly. It does not progress beyond the initial probability of a man, who suddenly realizes how heavy he is. Once this happens the film falls into a rut and yearns for focus. It is torn between the emotional turmoil of an obese youth and his impending transformation.In between Aashiq Abu takes us through long, tormenting moments of self-pity, denial and betrayal. The film also takes upon itself to lay bare the fraudulent ways in which Ayurveda is manipulated. The events that follow in the film spoil a narrative that otherwise looked so promising. The turn of events make the film flimsy in a dishonest, hurried manner.Luka becomes a mayor. His USP is his hug which is equated to the feeling of holding a thick cotton baggage. A man who had looked so meek as a lamb engages himself in a lengthy physical tussle punctuated with outbursts. In the meantime those who have wronged him regret their actions. His elevation to glory appears more contrived than inspiring. Da Thadiya could have become a highly enjoyable film but for its loose script.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17726256", "title": "This doctor gave new lease of life to cricket here", "text": "When not busy with patients, this anaesthesiologist takes extra care to nurture cricket in Mangalore zone of the Karnataka State Cricket Association (KSCA). Having smelt leather at 15, Dr Srikanth Rai, the zonal convener, who had his education right from kindergarten to medical graduation in Bangalore, is associated with the fortunes of developing cricket in the zone that includes Dakshina Kannada, Udupi and Kodagu. His past stint at having played the game, first for state schools, Karnataka under-19 and as reserve for South Zone under-19, and having represented Bangalore University for two years consecutively as well as having played all India university cricket has made him acutely aware of the needs of upcoming cricketers. The recent inauguration of the RC-KSCA Cricket Academy at Sahyadri campus at Adyar is the result of his persistent efforts.Mangalore zone's dream of having turf training facilities has been realized with the inauguration of RC KSCA Cricket Academy. What does it mean for cricketers here? The academy will give players from the zone an opportunity to experience playing on turf which is the norm now for all players who play the game at the highest level. This will enable them to gain confidence, improve their technique and set themselves for match experience, as turf has its own unique character. And the art of playing on turf is an experience by itself.Cricketers from the zone more often than not struggle in the big league at the state level. Will the RC KSCA Cricket Academy help address this flaw?Definitely, provided the players in the academy also put in a lot of effort and back themselves with discipline and dedication needed to make it to the big league.Do the cricket clubs under Mangalore zone have sound cricketing programmes and fixtures that will allow talent to come up through the system?Until now, Mangalore zone hardly had three to four clubs playing serious cricket. But as of now, we have about 40 clubs playing cricket. As far as developing club cricket in this zone, we need to do a lot more. We have a programme already chalked out which will be implemented in the coming year.More often than not, Nehru Maidan where bulk of cricket is played in the city is not available for the sport due to various reasons. Where does DK Cricket Association stand on this issue?The DKCA would love to have the ground in its possession 365 days 24x7. Let it be written here now that people talk about developing sports but in reality is far behind in their mind. It includes politicians, bureaucrats. Since developing cricket is the main agenda of DKCA, a lot had to be done on that front. The issue of Nehru Maidan for now has taken a back seat. I think we shall take up this issue.The city badly needs a cricket stadium of international standards so that big time matches come here. When will this dream be realized?I would want it as soon as possible. We shall have a full-fledged ground by mid 2013 and later move towards erecting the stadium infrastructure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17726728", "title": "More police for Naveen Patnaik, Opposition worried for public", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Unprecedented security bandobast at Naveen Niwas, the residence of chief minister Naveen Patnaik , at a time when the city is witnessing spurt in cases like rape and harassment has come in for severe criticism.''While the common man is crying for security, a huge number of police personnel are busy looking after the security of one man,'' said a resident. The CM's residence has been heavily fortified with special forces of commissionerate police. After the last week's incident, when a group of farmers breached the heavy security and went up to the gate of Naveen Nivas to raise their demands at dawn, the security was beefed up.While the law and order situation in the city has plunged to a new low, deploying large number of police personnel to give protection to chief minister is deplorable, said senior Congress leader Narasingha Mishra. \"Heavy deployment of police personnel is not desirable at the VVIP's house as in the eye of law everybody is equal,\" said Mishra. He said there is an increase in rape cases in the city while three rapes take place in the state everyday.Echoing Mishra's views, senior BJP leader Ashok Sahu said, ''It is total waste of state's resources. The security arrangement for CM's house is mindless. It is security for one man at the cost of security of crores of people.\" He questioned what fear is stalking the CM. \"If he is fortified by security forces fearing people, then he is not a leader. Why should there be augmentation of security if farmers raise some genuine demands in front of his residence,\" asked Sahu.Police commissioner Sunil Roy said an additional one platoon force has been added to the existing five for round-the-clock vigilance at Naveen Niwas. He also said some senior officials have been also asked to keep vigil on the area. \"As such the CM's security is an important thing. After the last week's incident, we have tightened the security arrangement,\" said the commissioner. He said because Naveen's residence is located a busy residential areas, there is a need of deploying more forces.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "delhi/noida", "code": "17724758", "title": "Kalindi bridge to be shut for 2 months", "text": "DELHI/NOIDA: The 28-year-old Kalindi Kunj Bridge linking south Delhi with Noida will be partially closed for repairs for two months from Sunday.The UP irrigation department will start restoring the decrepit bridge after an inspection earlier this year revealed how susceptible the bridge was to a mishap. Only one-way traffic movement \u00e2\u20ac\u201d from Noida to Delhi \u00e2\u20ac\u201d will be allowed on one side of the carriageway for one month, while the other side will be a no-entry zone.This means that the commuters will have to take a detour of nearly 20 to 30 kms from Delhi as well as Noida. While traffic going towards Delhi and Faridabad via Kalindi Kunj will be allowed to move as usual from Noida side, commuters coming from Delhi towards Noida will be diverted through DND and Nizamuddin Bridge, said a Delhi traffic cop.Motorists could also use the ITO bridge and move towards Akshardham and on towards Noida. \"The carriageway from Delhi to Noida will be closed for a month. During this period traffic will be routed through Ashram Chowk. After a month, the carriageway on the opposite side will remain closed,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.According to the plan, the Delhi-Noida stretch will be closed from December 23 to January 22 while the opposite carriageway (from Noida to Delhi) will be shut from January 23 to February 24 to facilitate the repair work. \"Since its inception in 1984, the traffic on the bridge has increased manifold. It was found in the recent inspections that it if a repair work is not undertaken immediately, there could be a mishap, considering the enormous density of vehicles using the bridge,\" said RS Yadav, executive engineer, head works, UP irrigation. \"The repairs are expected to cost around Rs 4 crore,\" he added.The closure of the bridge is expected to cause traffic snarls in Ashram, Nizamuddin Bridge and DND. Almost 1 lakh vehicles pass through this bridge every day, even though it was built for a capacity of 10,000 vehicles.The Delhi traffic police as well as their Noida counterparts have geared up to deal with the traffic congestion expected due to the detour. According to cops, display and sign boards have been put up informing motorists about the route diversion, so that they are least inconvenienced. \"Additional personnel will also be deployed at strategic locations to fast-track traffic movement and control gridlocks,\" said MP Singh, SP (Traffic), GB Nagar.\"We will also ensure that commuters do not drive on the wrong side. We are trying to remove the traffic light on the road from Akshardham to Noida entry point, near Nagarjuna apartments to aid signal-free movement of vehicles,\" Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "17726752", "title": "Probe into Italian's death at SCB Medical College a", "text": "CUTTACK: The revenue divisional commissioner (RDC), central zone, Arabinda Padhi on Saturday ordered a high-level inquiry into the allegations of negligence against doctors of SCB Medical College and Hospital that led to the death of an Italian tourist on December 14. \"We have received the RDC's order. We will start our probe from Monday,\" said Cuttack collector Girish S N, who will be conducting the investigation.Rosario Sebastiano Contiguglia (63), a physiotherapist, had come to India on a tourist visa and landed in Puri on November 21. He suddenly fell ill on November 25 and was admitted to Puri hospital. He was shifted to SCB Medical College and Hospital, Cuttack, when his condition deteriorated.Social workers alleged that Contiguglia was moved out of ICU around an hour before chief minister Naveen Patnaik was supposed to visit former minister Kalindi Behera, who was also admitted in the ICU. But Contiguglia was not in a condition to be taken out of the ICU. Social workers further alleged though the Italian national was in a critical condition, the hospital authorities did not provide an attendant for him. As a result, he rolled out of his bed leading to a further deterioration in his condition.But hospital authorities said the tourist was admitted in a critical condition and suffering from encephalitis, pulmonary fibrosis and septicemia. He died despite all efforts by doctors to save him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17725458", "title": "Confusion over baby at Jaipur hospital", "text": "JAIPUR: A couple denied accepting newborn baby girl as they accused the doctors of Mahila Chikitsalaya of allegedly exchanging their baby boy with the girl. However, the hospital denied the allegation leveled against them. Later, when the hospital administration persuaded that that it was just a confusion, they accepted the girl.A couple came to Jaipur's Mahila Chikitsalaya from Alwar on December 17. The hospital administration admitted the pregnant woman, Neetu, to the hospital. Her husband Deep Singh alleged that hospital nursing staff informed that his wife gave birth to a baby boy on the next day of her admission in the hospital.The couple, however, filed a complaint at the Lal Kothi police station over the issue. Circle inspector Sampat Singh said, \"Deep Singh claimed that he doubts whether the girl is his daughter as he was informed by the hospital staff earlier that they had a baby boy. But, later the hospital administration gave them a baby girl.\"Singh said the incident happened due to confusion. Hospital superintendent Dr B S Meena said, \"We investigated in the matter and found that four girls were delivered in the same unit. Not a single boy was born on that day in that unit. Also, we showed the couple records of the hospital and match the blood samples. After that, their doubts were cleared and they accepted the baby girl.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-23"}
