{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17328873", "title": "Too many power plants may harm, says MP", "text": "NAGPUR: City MP and AICC general secretary Vilas Muttemwar has once again raised the issue of a plethora of coal-based power plants coming in Vidarbha as a major health and environmental hazard. Moving the matter under section 377 in Lok Sabha on the opening day of winter session, Muttemwar said there are proposals to start 132 power plants with estimated generation capacity of 86,470MW power in the region and these could have a disastrous impact in the long run.\"When the farmers in the region are already suffering because of lack of irrigation facilities which barely cover 30% of the cultivable land, the state government is allocating water to power plants. It will only further aggravate water shortage in Vidarbha,\" he said. Moreover, 132 thermal power plants will make the region the most polluted in the country, he added. Thermal plants emit fly ash, toxic fumes of mercury, sulphur dioxide and carbon dioxide. There are also reports from Punjab of power plants near Bhatinda discharging uranium that gets into drinking water sources causing cancer , said Muttemwar.\"Tata Energy and Resource Institute (TERI) in its report has stipulated that one acre land per MW of power generated is required for fly ash disposal. If all the proposed power plants come up, 90,000 acres of fertile land will be rendered useless for agriculture. These plants will have cumulative catastrophic impact on natural resources, environment and health of the people. The government should review the situation urgently and take steps to avoid concentration of power plants in one region,\" he said in his statement in Parliament on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17329703", "title": "Man gets life sentence for killing wife", "text": "CHENNAI: A women's court on Thursday sentenced a 28-year-old man to life imprisonment for killing his 21-year-old wife. Mahila court judge Meena Sateesh also imposed a fine of 10,000 on Purushottaman, the accused.According to the prosecution, Purushottaman, an auto driver, married Dakshayani, a resident of Kundrathur, on June 10, 2005, and settled in a rented house in Besant Nagar. The couple had a one-and-half-year-old child. Though Purushottaman owned an autorickshaw, he hardly attempted to earn a living. He turned out to be a drunkard and also abused his wife, demanding money from her for drinking.As the family was going through a financial crisis, Dakshayani decided to work at an export unit on OMR. However, Purushottaman opposed the idea and threatened her.On April 22, 2008, Dakshayani and Puroshottaman had an argument over her taking up the job, when in a fit of rage he hit his wife with a grinding stone. Dakhshayani died on the spot. A case was registered against him under section 302 of IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "purnia", "code": "17328692", "title": "BIT-Mesra student\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s body found in Purnia", "text": "PURNIA: The mutilated body of a BIT, Mesra, student, Dipak Choudhury, who was missing from Saharsa since last Sunday, was found near a roadside ditch at village Majhuwa under Sarsi police station in Purnia district on Tuesday.The body was identified by the boy's uncle, Gajendra Choudhury and cousin Abhishek, after they arrived at Sarsi on Thursday evening. There were marks of severe head injuries, Sarsi SHO said.Dipak had come to his native village Sarahi in Saharsa district during 'Chhath' and he went missing from the railway station premises last Sunday.Dipak, along with his cousin Abhishek, had gone to the Railway Mail Service (RMS ) at Saharsa station to send a letter by registered post. As there was a huge rush at the RMS counter, he asked his cousin to proceed to their village home at Sarahi to take the 'kharna prasad', promising he would join him soon. At the registry counter, he incidentally came across another relative Ranjit, a resident of Saraswati Nagar. Though Ranjit invited him to come along with him, Dipak politely refused saying he had to return to his village soon, said police.Significantly enough, no ransom call was received, said the SP. Not ruling out the strong possibility of some kind of personal animosity, the SP said investigating officers are working on this line too.It may be mentioned here that Dipak had passed out from an engineering institute in Chennai. However, when he failed to procure a job, he took admission in M.Tech at BIT, Mesra, Ranchi. However, while pursuing his studies, he also worked as a counsellor for job aspirants as well as students seeking admission. For the purpose, he also charged a hefty amount from the aspirants, the SP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17333179", "title": "Sushant Singh Rajput may sign new films of UTV, YRF", "text": "With two UTV Films, a Yashraj production and Raj Kumar Hirani's next in his repertoire, Sushant Singh Rajput is going places.Done with Ranveer Singh's flamboyance for now, we hear Yashraj Films is adamant on utilizing and promoting the talents of Sushant Singh Rajput to the optimum. While Sushant has been signed for one major project by Yashraj the banner is, according to a source, \"a hundred percent keen\" to sign this much in-demand newcomer for two other projects.Only hitch is, Sushant is under contract with UTV who are launching him as a leading man in Abhishek Kapoor's Kai Po Che.New Talent seems much in-demand in Bollywood , what with a handful of so-called A-listers demanding multi-cores in fees, and getting away with it.Both UTV and Yashraj Films seem equally keen to utilize Sushant's talents. While UTV's Kai Po Che featuring Sushant along with two other male leads (Rajkumar Yadav and Amit Sadh) is almost ready for release, Yashraj has just secured Sushant as the male lead for Maneesh Sharma's next film with Parineeti Chopra.While Sushant Singh Rajput begged off any comment on the issue, a very reliable source close to UTV confirmed that Sushant is indeed bound by a contract by UTV. Says the source, \"For some time now Aditya Chopra had been looking at Sushant as a potential Yashraj trouper. They've recently launched Ranveer and Arjun Kapoor. Now they're looking at Sushant. Sushant was offered Yashraj's Aurangzeb and one other film which the young actor couldn't do because of his contract with UTV. However when Maneesh Sharma's film with Parineeti Chopra was offered to Sushant, he just couldn't say no.Sushant approaches UTV's Ronnie Screwvala directly asking his permission to do the film. Ronnie gave the go-ahead but on condition that Sushant will do another film, this time as a solo lead, with UTV immediately after completing his Yashraj film.\"Apparently UTV has a solo-hero rom-com ready to go on the floors the minute Sushant completes his Yashraj Film. Clearly the newcomer's windfall has proven to be larger than he expected it to be.Sushant Singh Rajput remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17331963", "title": "Cruelty against Child: Teachers arrested", "text": "BHOPAL: The Sagar district police on Thursday arrested a teacher -- and his brother - who had allegedly beaten up an eight-year-old girl and then pulled off a tuft of hair from her scalp.The shocking incident had occurred in Chula village under Garhakota police station area near Sagar on Tuesday evening.The victim, Nisha, is a student of Class II in the Saraswati Shishu Mandir School in Chula which is nearly 60 km from district headquarters. The teacher Sandeep Kurmi, saw her playing in the village, when he thrashed her and pulled off her hair.The girl was injured in this incident. \"When her father went to the teacher's house with the complaint, he was assaulted by the teacher and his brother Bhupendra,\" said G P Sharma, the Station House Officer (SHO) Garhakota police station.Sandeep Kurmi and his brother were charged with assault on the complaint of victim's father. They were arrested under Section 341, 294, 323, 506, 34 of IPC. \"We have released them on bail,\" Sharma added.Reportedly, panchayat and rural development minister Gopal Bhargav intervened and asked the families to compromise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17330138", "title": "Thousands of MCA seats not filled", "text": "BANGALORE: The number of students opting for MBA courses in Karnataka is on the decline. The story of Master of Computer Applications course isn't very different.The count of colleges offering MCA is 104 and the number of se8a8ts 5,781. So far, there have been only 2,609 takers. In case of M Te8ch, there are 8,124 seats in 122 coll8e8ges in the state. Of these, 7,843 se8ats have been grabbed by students.\"Only top colleges have ma8naged to fill all seats. Some low-rung colleges have ended up with single-digit admissions. The market for MBA has undoubtedly co8me down,\" said M Prakash, secret8ary, Karnataka Pr ivate Post-Gra8duate Colleges' Associa8tion.\"Moreover, admissi8ons happened late this time. Many students, especially from North Karnataka, joined colleges in Maharashtra and Andhra Pradesh,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "anaparthy (east godavari)", "code": "17330093", "title": "Six-year-old forced to drink his urine", "text": "ANAPARTHY (EAST GODAVARI): In yet another horrific act of child abuse, a teacher of a private high school allegedly forced a six-year-old student to drink his own urine. The victim, a first standard student of Satyabhama High School, was forced to drink urine as punishment by his teacher Gowri who suspected him of leaving a mug full of urine in the bathroom, said sources.Though the incident took place on Wednesday afternoon, it came to light only on Thursday. The shameful incident sparked off a public outcry after parents and relatives of the boy staged a protest in front of the school and lodged a complaint with the police. The teacher has been absconding from the school soon after news of the incident spread across the town.This is the third such incident to have come to light this year, after a fifth standard girl 10 year old girl was allegedly forced to drink her urine by the hostel warden after she wet her bed in Viswa Bharathi School in West Bengal on July 10 and around the same time, a 14-year-old student in Perambalur of Tamil Nadu was subjected to a similar punishment by three teachers, who were later arrested, on July 21 this year.While sources said the teacher beat the child before allegedly meting out the inhuman punishment, other students said the teacher had asked them to hold him while she tossed the mugful of urine at him.However, the boy's parents insist that their child was made to drink. \"The statements of other children are false. My son told me he was forced to drink the urine. How can a teacher do this to a small child?\" said an angry Ananta Reddy, the boy's father and businessman.Anaparty police, on the other hand, said the boy gave them two versions. While he first said he was dragged by other students from the bathroom to the classroom before they poured urine on him, he reportedly changed his version within a few minutes to say that the teacher had asked the other children to pour the urine on him.Education department authorities, who recorded the version of students on tape, said it was another boy who allegedly urinated in the mug, but the students following the instructions of the teacher dragged the victim instead. \"This is only a preliminary report. An officer has been put on the job to verify the facts and prepare the report,' said district education officer (DEO) Srinivasa Reddy said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17331176", "title": "15 lakh deal to bump off RTI activist", "text": "BANGALORE: Eight persons, including a corporator's husband , were arrested on Thursday in connection with Tuesday's murder of RTI activist Lingaraju Devaiah in Chamarajpet.The arrests come a day after the high court took up suo motu a PIL on the murder. C Govindaraju, husband of Gowramma, tainted Congress corporator from Azad Nagar, allegedly orchestrated the supari killing.Police commissioner BG Jyothi Prakash Mirji said Govindaraju offered Rs 15 lakh as supari to the assailants to bump off Lingaraju, 50.He paid the killers an advance of Rs 2.5 lakh, and the second tranche of Rs 5 lakh after the contract was executed.After Lingaraju's murder, his family alleged that Gowramma's husband was involved.In his confessional statement to police, Govindaraju, once a close friend of Lingaraju , said he was annoyed with the RTI activist as he had tipped off the Lokayukta on Gowramma's alleged disproportionate wealth.Govindaraju approached Velu Dhanpal, 41, who had worked for Gowramma's election campaign and is a resident of Mysore Road, and sought his help to eliminate Lingaraju.\"Velu approached anti-social elements Shankar Sundar alias Gunda, 32, of K P Agrahara and Chandra Nataraj, 32, of J J Nagar. After some bargaining , the deal was fixed for Rs 15 lakh and Govindaraju paid an advance of Rs 2.5 lakh,\" police said.After the murder, Govindaraju gave the killers Rs 5 lakh and told them he will pay the remaining amount after the situation calmed down.Besides Velu, Chandra and Shankar, the others arrested were Umashankar Ashwath alias Bhavani, 45, of Binnypet , Rangaswamy Krishna, 23, of Peenya 2nd Stage, Raghavendra Jayaram alias Raghu, 23, and Shankara Ramaiah, both of Hegganahalli Cross. Chandra and Shankara allegedly got Bhavani, Krishna, Raghu and Ramaiah to eliminate Lingaraju.Police sources said the foursome used an autorickshaw to get away from the spot. A neighbour provided the number of the auto, and helped crack the crime swiftly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "jabalpur", "code": "17331981", "title": "Bofors gun ready to take field test in Itarsi range", "text": "JABALPUR: 155/45 calibre gun - the Indian updated version of the Bofors -- is ready for its final in house trial. The special unit of the Gun Carriage Factory (GCF) has completed the job and the weapon will be transported to central proof establishment (CPE), Itarsi range, for field testing.Talking to TOI on Wednesday GCF general manager and project director of weapon development composite team SP Yadav said initially LPR Khamaria was shortlisted for testing exercise. However, the state-of-the-art gun, after technical improvement now, has a firing range of 40 km. This rules out the Khamaria range because of the populated peripheral area beyond 16 km of LPR, Yadav said. The experiment therefore could be risky so a decision about a shift in venue has already been taken, he added.For transporting it to the next destination in Itarsi, a trailer has been hired and the D-Day has been fixed for November 30. After this 155/45 will be handed over to the Army and would be tested in Pokharan before making the final cut.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17332936", "title": "NHRC seeks report on bonded labour", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The NHRC has sought a report from chief secretary B K Patnaik on the prevalence of bonded labour system in the state within six weeks. The NHRC was acting on a petition filed by human rights activist Baghambar Patnaik on October 27 against the state government for not implementing the directions of Supreme Court on the abolition of the system. The NHRC letter revealed that Patnaik's petition was placed before the commission on November 2. \"You are required to submit the requisite information within six weeks from the date of receipt of the commission's notice,\" said the letter sent to Patnaik.Baghambar said the apex court had among other things directed the state government on October 15 to constitute committees in all the districts to identify bonded labourers and take steps for their rehabilitation. \"I had filed the petition mentioning how the government has been giving scant regard to the interim directions passed by the apex court on May 5, 2004 ,on implementation of Bonded Labour Vigilance Committees. The government has been filing false reports regarding rehabilitation of bonded labourers. Even after the final direction passed by the Supreme Court on October 15 this year, the government has done nothing,\" alleged Patnaik.As per the October 15 order, Patnaik said, the apex court directed the government to send a report on the number of bonded labourers identified, report on their release and rehabilitation, seek and utilize grants under centrally-sponsored schemes by constituting screening committees, communicate the directions of the court to the panchayats for their involvement in elimination of bonded labour.Panchayati raj minister Kalpataru Das said 'false' reports were never sent to the NHRC. \"The reports regarding number of bonded labourers and their identification have been sent in due time as per the direction of the Supreme Court,\" Das said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17330149", "title": "Encroachments in prohibited zone: HC orders judicial intervention", "text": "CHANDIGARH: To check the encroachments and illegal constructions in the prohibited zones around the air force stations of Faridabad and Gurgaon and failure of local authorities to control the same, the Punjab and Haryana high court on Thursday ordered judicial intervention in the matter.A division bench headed by Chief Justice A K Sikri directed the chief judicial magistrates (CJMs) of Faridabad and Gurgaon to visit the areas and file a detailed report on encroachments near the air force stations before December 12. The CJMs of both the districts were ordered to visit the spot on Thursday afternoon and directions of the HC were conveyed telephonically by the chief justice's office. The direction came after the vulnerability of situation was brought to the knowledge of the chief justice through an affidavit filed on behalf of the station commandant of Faridabad air force station.Despite the HC stay orders on fresh constructions near the restricted zone of 900-metres of the ammunition depot of IAF, Gurgaon, and the prohibited zone of 100-metre area around the station at Dabua in Faridabad, a large number of illegal constructions are still coming up. On the last date of hearing, Haryana government had claimed that it had taken sufficient measures to check the illegal constructions.When the matter came up for hearing on Thursday, the IAF advocate informed the bench that despite several intimations and communications, no concrete step was taken by the administration. Even the air force authorities at Faridabad handed over a list of eight persons, who had encroached upon the restricted zone to the local administration but no action was taken.Hearing the counsel, the chief justice immediately ordered the CJMs to visit the area and send a report to the HC. The case will now come up for hearing on December 12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "17329420", "title": "Youth held for 'assault'", "text": "THANE: Manpada cops in Dombivli arrested a youth for allegedly stabbing his neighbour over messages sent to his sister's cellphone.On complaint of victim police arrested accused under section 323 and 326 of Indian Penal code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17334014", "title": "Mela panel takes strong note of poor quality road made by contractor", "text": "ALLAHABAD: For sub-standard quality work in road construction, Kumbh Mela authorities have initiated strict measures to debar erring government officials from mela projects and also blacklist the contractor with immediate effect and stop whatever payment is due to him.It has also been advised to file charge-sheet against erring officials recommending suspension by the authorities concerned. Mela authorities have also decided not to pay any amount to the erring contractor and reconstruction of road work would be taken further with quality check.Referring to sub-standard construction of the Krishnakant Malviya Road (Katghar road), the mela authorities have adopted a tough stand and are checking quality of roads being constructed ahead of Mahakumbh.Assistant district magistrate (Kumbh) Ashutosh Kumar Dwivedi said that along with head of the civil engineering department of Motilal Nehru National Institute of Technology (MNNIT), Allahabad and superintending engineer, National Highway, he had inspected the road repair and construction work on Krishnakant Malviya Road (Katghar road) located near Gautam talkies on October 17. A total cost of Rs 41.90 lakh was estimated to construct the 1 kilometer road and five government officials including executive engineer and the said contractor were entrusted to ensure building of the road.In the inspection report sent to meladhikari on November 10, it was stated that officials concerned and the contractor were not able to provide details regarding quality of work and the construction and repair work was not done as per the standard. He added that sampling of used materials was done at two different spots and the civil engineering department and national highway was also found not up to the mark.Divisional Commissioner, Allahabad, Devesh Chaturvedi in his letter sent to the nunicipal commissioner, Nagar Nigam, Allahabad asked not only to blacklist the contractor but also debar the senior engineer from the mela work. He also asked to file charge sheet against erring officials and recommended their suspension.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17333039", "title": "Assam's minority panel failed to utilize funds properly: National Commission for Minorities", "text": "GUWAHATI: The National Commission for Minorities (NCM) on Thursday expressed concern over the slow pace of implementation of various schemes in Assam under the NCM and asked the chief minister to act on it.Addressing the media here, NCM member Ajaib Singh alleged that the state commission for minorities had failed to utilize the funds allotted to it for the development of the minority communities in the state properly.\"Though a state commission for minorities should have representatives from the Christian, Muslim, Buddhist, Parsee and Sikh communities, the state commission in Assam has representation from only Christian, Muslim and linguistic minority. We have asked the chief minister to rectify this quickly,\" said Singh.\"The NCM is going to discuss appointing a special officer for Assam shortly. The funds are released for the benefit of the minority in the country, but they need to be properly used. The schemes also need to be popularized. The minority communities in Assam should be able to get maximum benefits from the various schemes provided by the commission,\" he added.Singh said the pre-matric scholarship granted to the minority community students should be increased.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17329839", "title": "Finance ministry has dossier of 20,000 high-risk persons", "text": "NEW DELHI: The finance ministry has prepared dossiers of 20,000 high-risk individuals with FM P Chidambaram setting up a high-level team within the ministry to monitor these cases.According to sources, he has instructed the revenue department to use its intelligence agencies \"to work fulltime on the feedback from field officers\" and initiate immediate action.These high-risk individuals include terror suspects, drug lords, money launderers besides business houses evading taxes.In a review meeting in the last week of October, Chidambaram approved setting up a \"virtual office\" in the ministry consisting of representatives from income tax and customs departments and the Financial Intelligence Unit to monitor these high-risk individuals, sources said.The meeting was attended by top officials from Enforcement Directorate, Directorate of Revenue Intelligence, FIU, income tax, Central Economic Intelligence Bureau and the Directorate of Central Excise Intelligence.Agencies have been asked to track assets of these high-risk individuals and gather intelligence about them, their businesses and their associates.The move comes in the wake of several suspicious transactions reported by the FIU to the income tax department, ED and other intelligence agencies. Dossiers were prepared following investigation of these high-risk individuals.Suspicions were also raised on alleged terror funds having gained access to the stock market and reports of anti-nationals using banking channels to carry out terror acts.Chidambaram has also instructed the two revenue boards -Central Board of Excise and Customs and Central Board of Direct Taxes - to run through the database of FIU to detect cash transactions or suspicious transactions of these high-risk persons and initiate action.In the meeting, FIU informed the FM that revenue intelligence agencies were given more than 50% of the total suspicious transactions' report generated by the unit, most of it passed on to the I-T department for further investigation, sources said. Details of cash transactions related to these cases were attached to the FIU dossiers given to these agencies, to further build information around these persons.Earlier, at a similar review meeting chaired by the revenue secretary on October 11, it was decided that the FIU would start a few pilot projects on tracking these persons and identifying their business interests. Following this meeting, a number of coordination meetings between the FIU and DRI, ED, DGCEI and CEIB have been held and a progress report was submitted to the FM.A joint team of FIU and CBDT has been working on five projects to identify these high-risk individuals and their bank accounts.Many remittances coming through money transfer services are also on the scanner of the intelligence agencies as in some instances, they have gone to terrorists and used for acts of terror in the country. The government has already asked these wire transfer agencies to provide a list of payments made in India on regular basis to FIU and initiate enhanced KYC norms, including digitally capturing photographs of beneficiaries besides obtaining photo ID of the remitter in all cases.In an earlier move, the finance ministry had set up a sub-group, comprising officials from Intelligence Bureau, RBI, ED and FIU, with CEIB as its convener to track non-government organizations and their sources of remittances as some were allegedly found to be funding Maoist insurgency and violence in Kashmir.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17328648", "title": "Political worker, aide held for extorting 25 lakh from realtor", "text": "PUNE: The Pune crime branch on Wednesday arrested a political worker and his accomplice from Chinchwad for allegedly extorting Rs 25 lakh from an estate agent and again attempting to extort another Rs 20 lakh by threatening to kill him.The police have identified the suspect as Anil Dnyandeo Mankar (43) of Bijlinagar, Chinchwad. Mankar is a political worker and had contested the Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation election in February 2012. Police also have arrested Mankar's accomplice, Kapil Ramesh Kothari (32), of Chinchwad. The incident took place between July 2012 and October 2012 in Chatushrungi area.A crime branch team led by inspector of anti-extortion cell, Sachin Sawant, made the arrests. A complaint in this regard was lodged by Santosh Oak (63) with the Chatushrungi police station.Inspector Sawant told TOI that the complainant Oak had purchased about 79 gunthas of land in Ravet. About an year ago, a person had approached Oak and told him that he wanted to purchase the land in Ravet and paid him Rs 5 lakh as a token amount. \"Later, the person did not approach Oak for making further payments or any agreement,\" Sawant said.Sawant said that after waiting for that person, Oak decided to sell the land to another buyer. \"Oak, contacted the person and told him to take back his Rs 5 lakh as he was going to sell the land to someone else,\" Sawant said.Sawant said that around July this year, the person came with the suspects Mankar and Kothari to Oak's house. \"Mankar had threatened Oak to give Rs 12.50 lakh instead of Rs 5 lakh to that person. Mankar also threatened Oak to give Rs 12.50 lakh each to himself and Kothari,\" Sawant said.The complainant Oak gave Rs 12.50 each to three of them. Later, he sold the land to the buyer. \"However, in the month of October, Mankar and Kothari again contacted Oak and threatened him to give them Rs 10 lakh each for the deal of his land in Ravet. The duo also threatened to kill him,\" Sawant said.Sawant said Oak then lodged the complaint with the crime branch. \"We arrested the duo on Wednesday,\" Sawant saidSawant said investigations have revealed that Mankar and Kothari had also extorted Rs 22 lakh from the person who purchased Oak's land in Ravet. \"We are investigating in this regard,\" Sawant said.Mankar and Kothari were produced before the court on Thursday and remanded in police custody till November 26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17329900", "title": "National Green Tribunal issues notice to govt, 7 firms on mobile towers", "text": "NEW DELHI: The National Green Tribunal has ordered that construction of mobile phone towers should be carried out only after following mandatory provisions of law and after obtaining necessary permissions.The order came in a petition filed before the green court claiming that mobile phone towers were coming up in disregard of government regulations which are meant to protect human health from electromagnetic radiation.The tribunal issued notices to seven telephone companies and the central government seeking their replies.The two-judge bench comprising chairperson Justice A S Naidu and expert member P C Mishra said, \"Considering the gravity of the allegations levelled and the health hazard likely to be caused, we direct that no construction of cell phone communication towers shall be made without following the mandatory provisions of law and without obtaining necessary permission from the competent authority.\"Bharti Infratel Ltd, Airtel , Idea, Vodafone, Tata, Reliance and Bharat Sanchar Nigam Ltd have been asked to reply by the next date of hearing on December 20.The appellant, Delhi resident Arvind Gupta, alleged that the government was not implementing its own guidelines regulating installation of mobile phone towers in the country.Gupta said 3,76,000 mobile phone towers dotted the country as of March 2012 and this was expected to increase to 420,000 by the end of March 2017.He claimed that WHO's International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC) had classified electromagnetic fields from mobile phones and other sources as \"possibly carcinogenic to human\" and advised the public to adopt safety measures to reduce exposure.He claimed that though Department of Telecom began testing telecommunications towers for their radiation levels since May 2010, the norms were \"being flouted brazenly by all companies involved with installation of mobile towers having compete disregard and concern for environmental protection\".Gupta said an inter-ministerial committee had examined the issue in 2010 based on international norms and recommended lowering the mobile towers' electromagnetic field exposure limits to 1/10th of the existing prescribed limit as a matter of abundant precaution.Following up, DoT had cleared a new set of guidelines and directions on these were issued to mobile phone operators in April 2012 making the new norms applicable from September 2012. Gupta claimed the phone companies have not done so.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "17328888", "title": "Villagers in dark about lift irrigation project along Andhra Pradesh border", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: People from villages located close to the proposed Dr BR Ambedkar Parnhita Chavella Sujla Shravanti project are in the dark about the submergence area and benefits they would be getting. This is the biggest lift irrigation project in the country with the capacity to carry 160 TMC water to Chevella near Hyderabad from Pranhita river along Maharashtra-Andhra Pradesh (AP) border.Pranhita river is the confluence of Vainganga and Wardha rivers near Shivni (Deshpande) in Gondpipri tehsil at the juncture of Chandrapur and Gadchiroli districts in Maharashtra and Adilabad district in AP near village Shivni (Deshpande) in Gondpipri tehsil. The project, whose foundation was laid in 2008, proposes construction of a barrage at this confluence to create irrigation capacity of 16.4 lakh acres across seven districts of AP.The project is likely to gather momentum after the Maharashtra government signed an agreement with the AP government in May this year. \"We have little knowledge about the project. People have stopped construction activity due to unconfirmed reports about submergence of over 20 villages,\" said former sarpanch of Nandwardhan, Manoj Nagapure. Nandwardhan, Wadegaon, Shivni and Panora are the villages located close to the project, he added.\"Villagers on Maharashtra side are unaware about the project. Even the local MLAs and MPare only aware about the agreement,\" said Shivni gram panchayat member, Jayant Choudhari.A team of environmentalists from NGO Green Planet Society (GPS), which visited the project site in Tummidi Hetti in Kauthala Mandal in AP, has, however, questioned Maharashtra's indifference towards the project. NGO president Suresh Chopne told TOI that once completed, it will be the country's biggest lift-irrigation project with a network of longest gravity canals, aqua-ducts and tunnel systems, spanning some 1,055 km. \"This project worth over Rs40,000 crore is expected to irrigate nearly 17 lakh acres land in AP.The AP government has so far spent over Rs1600 crore on the project and construction of gravity canals is underway in the state,\" said Chopne.Environmentalist with GPS Yogeshwar Dudhpachare told that as barrage would be located close to the Chaprala wildlife sanctuary in Gadchiroli, the Maharashtra government should ensure that no forest is lost in the submergence area. \"APCCF AK Saxena has claimed that he has no knowledge of any such threat. MPCB's Chandrapur office too lacks any knowledge, even as multiple public hearings have been held on the Andhra side for environment clearance,\" he said.MLA from Rajura constituency Subhash Dhote, however, claimed that Maharashtra government has not given consent for construction of the barrage. \"After the meeting held between the chief ministers of the two states in May, an interstate committee has been constituted to monitor the barrage work and decide the share of water,\" he stated.\"The committee has not held any meeting so far. Over 1000 hectares government land will be submerged, but no village or agriculture land will be affected,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17329746", "title": "Railways looks to run Delhi-Mumbai trains at 200 kmph", "text": "NEW DELHI: Much before bullet trains become a reality, travel time between Delhi and Mumbai is likely to reduce substantially with railways planning to launch semi-high speed trains with a top speed of 200 kmph. A railway official said a study to identify the need to strengthen the infrastructure for this service was nearing completion and work would start soon. The services could start by 2017.\"A study was on for the past one year to identify bridges that needed strengthening, better signaling and easing sharp curves for such service. The upgrade will take about four years from the launch of work. The existing lines can be used for fast moving trains at 200 kmph as freight trains will shift to the dedicated freight corridor (DFC),\" said R Ramanathan, Railway Board additional member (civil engineering). He was speaking on the sidelines of a CII summit on urban transport on Thursday.At present, Rajdhanis, the fastest running trains on this corridor, have a maximum speed of 120 kmph. DFC managing director R K Gupta said the dedicated lines for freight will decongest the existing tracks. He added that this will increase average speed of freight trains from the present 25 kmph to 75 kmph. He said transit time would come down by half (for example Mumbai-Delhi in 24 hours).\"Though the average speed of freight trains on the existing lines hovers around 25 km as we use the same track for passenger trains and the latter get priority over freight trains,\" Gupta said. He added that carrying capacity on the dedicated corridors would be much more than what is available now.The first phase of Rewari-Vododara of Western DFC will be commissioned by December 2016 and the entire line - from Dadri (UP) to JN Port (Mumbai) - will be operational by March 2017.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17334159", "title": "Apporva Vigyan Mela from December 12-16", "text": "Nagpur: Association for Research and Training in Basic Science Education, an organisation working for science popularisation among the youth and students will be organising the annual science exhibition 'Apporva Vigyan Mela'. The exhibition - being organised by the association since 1998 - is based on science experiments designed by school students.\"This is an annual event. But the quantum and the quality of the exhibits and the experiments demonstrated by the city students has improved tremendously over the years. The number of students and schools participating in the event too has increased manifold,\" said Suresh Agrawal from the association.Till now the association experts have prepared more than 300 experiments using household material. About 250 students selected from schools catering to lower strata of society are trained to demonstrate about 100 experiments in the Mela. More than 50,000 visitors including students, teachers and parents visit the mela every year.The highlights of the exhibition include its venue as it is held in an open ground which creates a nature friendly atmosphere. The demonstrators for the exhibition belong to socially, economically back ward schools and also. Girl students are given preference. All materials used for experiments or models are usually available at homes and cost next to nothing.Many difficult concepts of science are easily explained with these experiments. Students can do these experiments themselves and teachers can use these experiments models for class room teaching. Most experiments are easy to do and interesting and raise queries in the student's mind. Even people not having a science back ground enjoy and understand these experiments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17328840", "title": "'Right to education failed to deliver satisfactory results'", "text": "PATNA: While the Right to Education Act, 2010, has failed to deliver satisfactory results to improve the condition of primary education on most accounts, much more attention is required to secondary school education sector with almost 400% more secondary schools and 14 times the number of teachers than the present figure being the need of the hour, mulled Muchkund Dubey, former chairman, Common School System Commission, Bihar, on Thursday.Dubey said this while addressing about 100 delegates on the opening day of the two-day 'education symposium' convened jointly by the Bihar Secondary School Teachers' Association (BSSTA) and Voluntary Forum for Education, Bihar on the \"Rights of a School\".A former Indian foreign secretary, Dubey said: \"Educationists had doubts about RTE as it divided schools in four categories and promoted discrimination in the society. It did not have any language policy wherein students would be imparted education in their mother tongue or standards to improve the quality of education.\"He added, \"Though students of 6-14 years were guaranteed free and compulsory education, students till the age of 18 should be brought under the purview of the Act. Even though a lot of committees have been formed for the betterment of primary education, not much has been done to build up the system of secondary education in the country. It is high time to rethink whether the Common School System is appropriate or not.\"Kedar Nath Pandey, general secretary, BSSTA and member, Bihar Legislative Council, said: \"The RTE does not focus on how to improve the quality of education in schools. Further, not failing children in examination has not encouraged comprehensive evaluation. Rather, many schools have just done away with the system of examination without providing alternatives.\"The speakers also included Ambarish Rai, D M Diwakar, Vinay Kumar Kanth, Editor of Prachya Prabha, Vijay Kumar Singh, Akshay Kumar , Ghalib , Thakur Dhirendra Singh and Prof M N Karn.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17329617", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcActivists\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 thrash trade fair artisans", "text": "NEW DELHI: The celebrated India International Trade Fair 2012 has become a happy hunting ground for \"activists\" who are going about vandalizing stalls and thrashing artistes here with their wares claiming use of animal products banned under the Wildlife Protection Act.Surprisingly, Delhi Police confess they are unable to prevent random visitors from indulging in these acts.Five men entered the West Bengal pavilion on Wednesday afternoon and went directly to two stalls selling patachitra (story-paintings by folk artistes). They confronted Karuna Chitrakar, an artist in her 50s from Pingla-Nayagram village in West Midnapore who was at work, and snatched away her brushes saying they are made of mongoose hair. They took away her paintings and threw out her paints, a traumatized Chitrakar said on Thursday. She was speaking in presence of pavilion director Prasenjit Das and other state information department officials. Delhi Police at the IITF post right outside Gate No 5 corroborated her account.But there was more to come. On Thursday morning, a group led by two men Gaurav Gupta and Saurav Gupta - claiming to be from People For Animals - returned to Chitrakar's stall with a pair of Delhi Police men including a sub-inspector, Abhijit Kumar. They dragged her out of the stall in a bid to take her to the police station to sign a seizure list. When Amit Kumar Ghosh from Banglanatok.com, an NGO which facilitated the artists' participation in the IITF, objected to this saying the seizure list should have been made out the day before at the spot where the materials were seized, he and Chitrakar were both beaten up. Das then lodged a complaint with police. SI Kumar was suspended by an office order shown to TOI.\"Twelve valuable patachitras and a sum of Rs 11,000 were robbed from the stall. It was all I had and includes the Rs 3,000 amount I carried here from home. The rest I had made by selling the paintings,\" Chitrakar said.Gaurav Gupta, one the other hand, has claimed \"whatever he did was correct\" and that \"if anything is written against us, we will take him to court\". PFA chief Maneka Gandhi , however, could not be contacted either on landline or cell-phone. A case has been registered under sections 39, 42, 50 and 51 of the Wildlife Protection Act against Chitrakar.According to DCP Mangesh Kashyap, similar cases have been registered from Odisha and Saras pavilions on two different days earlier this week. Kashyap said police are looking into a separate complaint made by West Bengal pavilion officials in the matter.Even while TOI was reporting the first case on Thursday, the West Bengal pavilion witnessed a second incident in which 'activists' vandalized the stall of another woman where conch shells were being sold.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17330511", "title": "State to seek legal advice for arrests in online cases", "text": "MUMBAI: The police might soon be forced to seek a detailed legal opinion before arresting people for allegedly objectionable posts on social networking sites.The development comes after a nationwide furore over the arrests of two 21-year-old Palghar girls for an innocuous facebook post lamenting the shutdown during Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray's funeral on Sunday.The police themselves are likely to backtrack in the case in which Shaheen Dhada and Rinu Shrinivasan were arrested, with sources saying the cops are likely to close the investigation after filing in court a C-summary report, which means that the case was registered under confusion and amicably settled.Meanwhile, the state government continues to drag its feet over the promised action against the erring cops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17330464", "title": "Jaipur Development Authroity forms teams to shift nullah residents", "text": "JAIPUR: A day after the high court direction to remove encroachments from Amanishah Nullah by May 30, the Jaipur Development Authroity (JDA) geared up to rehabilitate the affected house owners .The JDA on Thursday constituted three teams to who will get the consent letter filled by the house owners after convincing them. A senior official said, \"As in recent past we have seen the house owners protesting and turning violent as they are removed. The teams will go on the spot and convince them that it's necessary to follow the court orders. Also, the state government has prepared a rehabilitation package for them.\"In the JDA region, notices to 590 house owners have been issued. Land has been identified at three places to rehabilitate the affected houses owners, PT survey and planning of the plots will prepare soon.The JDA has proposed rehabilitation for Jotrdawala and Saypur villages in zone-8, Aachrawala village in zone-11 and Mundiya Purohitan village in zone-12. \"Only those house owners will be rehabilitated who receive notices from JDA or Jaipur Municipal Corporation (JMC),\" said an official.To provide relief to the house owners, the state government will not raze the houses if land is available in the flow area to make the nullah wide. The JDA will start removing encroachments from Maharani Farm area. Many houses in Jaganath puri, Kiran vistar will be saved where land is available. \"In JDA region, at least half of these houses will be saved from demolition as some free land is available in the flow area,\" said an official.The special rehabilitation policy for the affected house owners of Amanishah Nullah has been recently finalized. The policy draws separate rules for the below poverty line (BPL) and above poverty line (ABL) families, who have their houses in the catchment area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17332220", "title": "One killed, three hurt in two separate accidents", "text": "INDORE: A woman was killed and her son sustained severe injuries when a speeding truck hit a motor-bike on which they were riding in Rajendra Nagar area here on Thursday morning.The deceased has been identified as Sumitra Parmar, 45, wife of late Rajendra Parmar who died on the spot while her son Balu to Mhow Cantonment area for some purchasing on a motor-bike. Balu was riding the motor-bike and his mother was on the pillion. Balu's father is in the military. The woman and her son were going to make purchase from an army canteen.Investigating officer Ashok Dubey said the accident took place at 10.30 am in Rau area when a truck MP09 KD 6933 hit their motor-bike. So powerful was the impact of the accident that the motor-bike and its rider were flung to a distance. Unfortunately, Balu's mother came under the wheels of the truck, resulting in her death on the spot.The 108 emergency service was immediately called and Balu was taken to the local hospital where he is still recuperating.After the accident, locals tried to vandalise the killer vehicle. However, the prompt action by the police averted untoward incident.In another incident, two youths sustained serious injuries on Wednesday night when their motor-bike hit a tree on road side at Ring Road. They were the students of GSITS College.The victims include Nitin Singh Chouhan, 21, son of Madan Singh Chouhan and Praveen Thackray, 24, son of R P Thackeray. Both reside in their college's hostel. In the night at around 9 pm, the accident took place occurred near Prateeksha Dhaba when they went for a dinner. Nitin hails from Jhabua and Praveen is from Balaghat. Both are recuperating in the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17331136", "title": "I'm a theatre person, but it does not pay bills: Kabir Bedi", "text": "PANAJI: Actor Kabir Bedi , famed for essaying the role of the villainous Gobinda in the James Bond thriller Octopussy, has said that he remains a theatre man at heart, though he is unable to devote much time to theatre now.Describing the three categories of theatre, cinema and art, Bedi-who has starred in prominent Hollywood films and is hence known as India's international actor-said \"theatre is done for love of the craft; television makes you famous while cinema immortalizes you.\"He was participating in in discussion on cinema and theatre in India at the 43rd International Film Festival of India 2012. Bedi lamented the fact the theatre was unable to generate much revenue but said that theatre has always been the fountain-head of ideas for both, television and cinema.\"I like theatre, and at heart I remain a theatre person...unfortunately theatre does not pay the bills,\" said Bedi. He felt theatre work abroad paid a decent wage and cited that as a reason for doing theatre acting in places like Europe. He however admitted he was recognised in Europe more for his television roles in series' like 'Bold and Beautiful' and 'Sandokan', as well as the Bond film.Bedi felt theatre in India will never die out while estimating that there are around 10,000 theatre groups in the countries as well as many other travelling theatre groups.He disclosed plans of going on an 8-week tour across Canadian cities with a theatre group presenting an Indian-themed play.He said there was an internationalisation of the India that was occurring and India-themed films by directors like Mira Nair and Deepa Mehta as well as the recently released Ang Lee film Life of Pi were receiving acclaim. He also cited Bombay Dreams as an example of Indian theatre at that went to Broadway.\"India is seen in a new perspective,\" said Bedi while adding that the word Bollywood was now a part of the Oxford Dictionary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "17330749", "title": "Undiscovered: Island shown on maps doesn\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t exist", "text": "MELBOURNE: A South Pacific island, shown on world maps, marine charts as well as on Google Earth, actually does not exist, Australian scientists claim. The island, named Sandy Island on Google Earth allegedly sits between Australia and New Caledonia in the south Pacific.\"We became suspicious when the navigation charts used by the ship showed a depth of 1,400 metres in an area where our scientific maps and Google Earth showed the existence of a large island,\" Dr Maria Seton, a geologist from the University of Sydney, said.When Seton and her crew sailed past where the island should be, they found nothing but blue ocean, 'Sydney Morning Herald' reported . \"Somehow this error has propagated through to the world coastline database from which a lot of maps are made,\" said Seton. The missing island has regularly appeared in scientific publications since at least 2000. \"Even onboard the ship, the weather maps the captain had showed an island in this location,\" Seton said.Seton had no idea how the island came to be on so many maps, but she is determined to get to the bottom of the mystery , the paper said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17330103", "title": "Six acquitted of dowry harassment charge", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has acquitted six members of a family of the charges of causing the miscarriage of a pregnant woman and harassing her for dowry saying it was not proved that the victim was treated cruelly.The court said the police had failed to prove beyond reasonable suspicion that the complainant was meted out cruelty for dowry. Additional sessions judge T R Naval also said the police had been unable to prove that the accused caused any \"grave injury or danger to the life or mental or physical health of the woman (complainant)\".The court let off the woman's husband Khemanand, her parents-in-law Dev Dutt and Bhagwati Devi, brothers-in-law Tara Chand and Kamal Kishore and sister-in-law Nirmala Devi of the charge of harassing her for dowry and causing her miscarriage.It also acquitted Khemanand of the charges of criminal breach of trust.According to the prosecution, the woman, who had married Khemanand in December 2001, was allegedly mistreated by her in-laws and they had demanded Rs 2 lakh from her to help her husband start a business. When she expressed inability to give the amount, the six accused beat her up, it said.The woman, who is living with her minor daughter at her parental house, also said she was thrown out of her matrimonial house. She alleged that when she conceived for the second time, her husband and the other accused abused and kicked her in the womb several times leading to her miscarriage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17333880", "title": "Been fortunate to work with the best: Priyanka", "text": "Priyanka Chopra features on Chainsmokers album in a song called Erase. It only shows how internationally everyone wants to collaborate with her.This is also a new genre of music she has ventured into which is the Electronic Dance Music (EDM) space. Following close on the heels of 'In My City, her triple platinum selling debut single, Bollywood Superstar and now International recording artist is all set to make her mark in the Electronic Dance Music (EDM) space. Priyanka features on 'Erase', the brand new original track by The Chainsmokers, comprised of Andrew Winter and Alex Pall, a unique Producer / DJ duo based in New York City.In a unique collaboration, Erase was created across time zones and geographies, driven by a common passion for house banging dance music. Led by a mutual respect for each other's musical talent and cemented by some crazy conversations about life and music, The Chainsmokers and Priyanka collaborated to create 'Erase'.Speaking on the launch of the new single, Priyanka Chopra said, \"Music for me has been a very organic process. I have been fortunate enough to work with the best and the most passionate people in the business. I have my team to thank for Erase... even though I was hard at work on my debut music album, they allowed me the opportunity to break away and work with and feature on this single by The Chainsmokers. These guys are super talented and also completely crazy, which made the whole process so much fun!\" Adds The Chainsmokers, \"Working with Priyanka was such an incredible opportunity. Priyanka has such a sensual voice that really opens up which allowed us to create this big room vocal house sounds and still have a hard electro break.\"The track will also be made available on in December 2012. A sneak preview of the song, released over the weekend was very well received, garnering over 25,000 plays within a day of release.Making her international debut in September this year with 'In my City', Priyanka has seen tremendous success of the song in India as also a growing popularity on the international charts. The highly anticipated video for In My City will be launched in December 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17332044", "title": "Stir for permanent status", "text": "RANCHI: More than 5,000 teaching and non-teaching staff of 52 colleges in the state with temporary affiliation will go on an indefinite strike from November 23 demanding regularization of the colleges.\"We want regularization of the colleges so that these can avail of proper government aid,\" said spokesperson of Affiliated Degree Colleges Federation of Jharkhand Dr Ravibhushan Sahu.The members have been demanding permanent affiliation for a year and went on strike during the winter session of the Assembly last year. After the month-long strike, the Arjun Munda government announced formation of a committee on the issue. However, any report is awaited.\"The chief minister announced that a committee will be formed and our demands will be fulfilled. Though the committee was formed it, no report has been submitted yet,\" said Dr Sahu.State HRD minister Baidyanath Ram said the department is looking into the demands and reports will be soon tabled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17328911", "title": "Dinar Gaonkar stars for RCF in Times Shield", "text": "MUMBAI: Dinar Gaonkar's match haul of nine wickets enabled Rashtriya Chemicals and Fertilizers (RCF) win their B Division Times Shield encounter against Indian Navy by an innings and 52 runs on Thursday.In the three-day affair, Gaonkar, who had picked four Indian Navy wickets in the first innings, bowled with utmost discipline in the second innings to return figures of 5-37 and bundle out Navy for 186. Gaonkar found an equally accurate ally in Yogesh Patil, who had figures of 4-19. Tahir Khan was the lone Navy batsman to get among scores with an able 76.Brief Scores: RCF 365 beat Indian Navy 127 (Dinar Gaonkar 4-47, Uday Ujale 4-15) and (2nd innings) 186 (Tahir Khan 76; Dinar Gaonkar 5-37; Yogesh Patil 4-19) by an innings and 52 runs.Future Group 326 &amp; 181-3 (R Savant 48 n.o, Amit Kadam 64, M Rao 59; K Joshi 3-38) drew with Western Railway 299.Central Railway 399 &amp; 299-3 (Praveen Shetty 176, N Shivalkar 56) beat Mumbai Police 261 (Salil Agarkar 4-84) on the first innings lead.Space Group 400-9 decl (Dhaval Panchal 118, P Pawar 56; D Thakur 3-96) bt Reliance Energy 100 (Bharat Meher 4-24) &amp; 158 (Bharat Meher 3-25; S Khot 3-24) by innings at 142 runs.Mumbai Port Trust 438 beat B Arun Kumar 173 and 256 (Y Dicholkar 5-68) by an innings and nine runs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17329017", "title": "Health, friendship keep fitness freaks walking", "text": "PATNA: They are up before sunrays peep through their window and start their day with a morning walk at different places in the city, including Sanjay Gandhi Biological Garden (Patna zoo), S K Puri Park, Patliputra Colony, Eco Park, Gandhi Maidan and Moinul Haq Stadium. Come rain or hail, they put on their sneakers, take an umbrella and venture out to enjoy their daily dose of nature. Many of them take long walks not only to invigorate their system but spend some quiet time to reflect about their day, while for some, it gives an opportunity to make new friends.If you visit the Patna Zoo any morning, you would see the assemblage of the city's who's who striding for a healthy and fit life. Justice Navneeti Prasad Singh of Patna high court started his early morning walks on the recommendation of doctors and has been continuing for almost 6 years now.\"It is a lovely experience to feel the early morning sun and close to nature while seeing the changing colours of leaves,\" Justice Singh said. He added that there is no monotony as one can take different routes while taking a walk in the zoo.As the feet stride out in a joyful rhythm, a number of people make new friends. Rajeshwar Mishra, former faculty member, A N Sinha Institute of Social Studies, has been walking at the Patna zoo since 1988 and motivated many to do the same. \"The best part of the walk is that you feel the essence of people whom you don't know remotely. If you don't see someone for a few days, you start missing them,\" he said. It's a kind of addiction for Mishra who said, \"No matter where I am or what time I return home, I have to go out for a morning walk.\"Laughter clubs are also not an uncommon sight for many morning walkers. Apart from physical fitness, brisk walk also acts as a stress-buster. Mohan Sahay, a retired teacher, has been walking in Patliputra Colony bylanes for the past 10 years. In his words, \"Early morning walk clears my head and keeps me charged throughout the day. It also keeps my sugar level in check and I can indulge my sweet tooth now and then.\"Increase in health consciousness has led to an increase in the number of morning walkers, said Raj Bardhan Sharma, member, Bihar Public Service Commission, who has been walking as a ritual since 1991. Sharma said, \"Not only morning walks, if I get a chance, I go out for walks in the evening as well.\"Gynaecologist Dr Mayank Singh has been going on evening walks without fail since 1994. \"At that time, there were very few walkers and Nitish ji and Lalu ji also used to come,\" Singh recalls. A daily of 10,000 steps is recommended to everyone to lead a healthy life and walking a kilometre covers about 1,300 steps. \"We doctors recommend at least 7 kilometres of daily walk to everyone,\" said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17331990", "title": "Ijtema goes green from this year", "text": "BHOPAL: The largest congregation of the Muslims in the country - Aalami Tableeghi Ijtema is going green.With a message to save the environment, the organisers have banned the use of polythene including the sale of gutka pouches and cigarette. The 3-day annual event begins here on Saturday.\"It's an exercise to be conscious of our environment and lessen the carbon footprint during the event,\" said Ijtema committee spokesperson Atiq-ul-Islam. The annual congregation draws over 10-lakh Muslims from all parts of the country and world.In a congregation in which prominent Islamic scholars participate, the organisers hope the participants would understand the need for conserving the environment better.\"We have requested all shops and sellers not to use polythene. Especially, the tea sellers have been asked to use disposables other than plastic,\" he added.Spread across a huge agricultural land, at Ijtema the tents alone are erected in a 30-acre area expanse. \"After the congregation every year we felt there was an avoidable damage to the agricultural fields,\" said Islam. Although there is no fine for violating the order, the stall owners, hoteliers and vendors who are found violating would not be considered for allotment next year, he added.The 65th edition of Aalami Tableeghi Ijtema (World Islamic Congregation) begins on the outskirts of Bhopal at Ghasipura in Eintkhedi village, on November 24.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17330259", "title": "Passengers stuck in flight", "text": "KOLKATA: Sixty-two passengers who arrived by Bangladesh private carrier United Airways flight on Thursday morning were stuck for half-hour after landing due to a technical glitch in the aircraft. When the plane's cabin door did not open even after the plane had rolled into the parking bay, ground staff contacted the pilot and learnt that he was unable to shut one of the two engines.It took the pilot 30 minutes to switch off the errant engine before the door could be opened.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17330407", "title": "Whistleblower in NICE case arrested", "text": "BANGALORE: A whistleblower at the forefront of a legal battle against the multi-crore NICE scandal was arrested by Banaswadi police on Thursday. Police claimed that T J Abraham was wanted in an attempt to murder case filed against him by his then neighbour, Raja Choudhary of RS Palya. But the social activist claimed the case was booked against him upon a trumped-up charge.Abraham had filed a case in the Lokayukta court alleging irregularities in the Bangalore-Mysore Infrastructure Corridor Project. The special court had ordered registration of an FIR against 30 persons, including three former chief ministers, in the case.The police said Abraham had been charge-sheeted in 2001 for allegedly attempting to murder a man staying in the same building. \"The victim Raja Choudhary claimed he was beaten up by Abraham with a cricket bat when he was returning home from a shop,\" a police officer said. Raja and Abraham were both tenants in the building.The jurisdictional court had issued a warrant against Abraham, the police said, adding the warrant was pending as Abraham evaded appearing in court despite several summons.After his arrest, Abraham was taken to the court of the 11th additional chief metropolitan magistrate. He has been remanded in judicial custody till December 5.Police said Abraham was absconding since 2003. But Abraham's counsel submitted to the court that there was no evidence that his client had been served any summons since 2001. \"An absconding person exhibits certain behaviour.One thing that he is not expected to do is to spend all of his time in and out of the court arguing anti-corruption cases. This man has spent the last six months arguing against several scams and this is evident from judicial records. If he wanted to abscond from police and the court, would he have spent his last six months in the court like this?\" the lawyer said.Abraham's bail application is coming up before the court on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17331965", "title": "Man murdered over petty issue", "text": "BHOPAL: A 34-year-old man was allegedly murdered with a sharp-edged weapon here late on Wednesday. The police said the deceased has been identified as Bhupendra Nandmehar, a resident of Rajeev Nagar.The deceased was married and his in-laws also reside in the same locality. The incident took place last night when he asked a drunken man, Imrat Lal not to abuse his brother-in-law Raju and his mother-in-law.Police said the accused is a neighbour of Bhupendra's in-laws and live in the same locality. He came drunk in the night and had a brawl with the in-laws of the deceased. However, when Bhupendra intervened, Lal allegedly attacked him with a sharp-edged weapon.The victim sustained grievous injuries in the attack and was rushed to a private hospital where he succumbed.Initially, on the complaint of deceased's brother-in-law, the police have registered a case under sections of attempt to murder against Imrat Lal. Later he was booked on charges of murder.The deceased worked in a tailoring shop in Kotra Sultabanad area and his wife is pregnant. The accused is at large, the police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17329094", "title": "Cops violate Juvenile Justice Act, minor arrested in accident case", "text": "NOIDA: In a blatant violation of the Juvenile Justice Act (JJ Act), police on Wednesday evening 'arrested' a 17-year-old boy accused in a case of drunk and rash driving that led to an accident on November 12. Police said that they 'arrested' the boy and later let him out on bail even though the JJ Act clearly specifies that unless the accused has allegedly committed a crime of serious nature, such as rape or murder, an FIR can't be filed against a minor.This is the second such incident where the police have violated the JJ Act in the last fortnight, the first one involving a minor girl who was kept in the Mahila police station overnight for almost a week.The accused minor was brought to the police station by his father where he was arrested around 6.30pm. Following this he was released on bail granted on two sureties worth Rs 20,000 each, said the police. According to the JJ Act, the police can't name the minor in the FIR, let alone arrest him.The JJ Act guidelines are also on the Uttar Pradesh Police website. However, when asked about the case, the investigating officer Vivek Sharma said that since an FIR has been lodged the accused must be arrested. \"An FIR naming him has been lodged. The law must take its course and we had to arrest him. As far as the issue of his age is concerned, the age verification will take place subsequently,\" he said.The accused was travelling with five other friends in a Polo car on November 12 when their car crashed into a truck near Sector 15A on the DND flyway arm. The police said that following the incident, one of the crash victims was critically injured with most bones his face fractured. Doctors had even said that the victim may lose his vision permanently.Police said that the driver was underage and had allegedly been driving rashly under the influence of alcohol.The juvenile's father refused to comment on the incident. The victim's family said that they have no intention of going to court. \"Our first priority is my nephew's recovery. There is no intention of going to court immediately,\" said the victim's aunt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17332880", "title": "Attend college for a month, get attendance for a year", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Utkal University of Culture has courted controversy by issuing a recent notice that PG students who attend classes for one month from November 6 to December 6 will be regarded as attending classes for the entire session.\"If the attendance of the student comes to 80% for the whole month (Nov 6-Dec 6), then it will be considered as 60% of attendance for the whole session,\" the recent notice said. Sixty per cent attendance in the academic session is mandatory for appearing in the examinations. The notice is for PG students of both first year and second years who have fallen short of the mandatory 60% attendance.Some students have taken strong objection to the varsity decision. \"Going by the varsity logic, one month is enough for the entire year study. There is no need for year-long academic activities. Students who are sincerely attending the classes for the entire year are wasting time,\" said Sabyasachi Pattanayak, a bachelor in visual arts student in the college. Pattanayak has sent a memorandum to the V-C, protesting the move. A student said the move was initiated to help certain influential students who never attended classes to appear in the examinations.University authorities defended the decision saying the move was aimed to help students who fell short of the 60% attendance norms. \"We found seven of our students fall marginally short of 60% attendance. We asked these students to attend the month to make up,\" said Utkal University of Culture vice-chancellor Amiya Patnaik.Patnaik said the varsity doesn't want to punish students for falling short of attendance norms by narrow margin. There is no candidate having zero attendance. So it is unfair to equate the one-month class with the rest one year. \"Ours is a practical-oriented course. These students have to complete the practical classes and submit projects in this one month,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17332400", "title": "Aamir clones Emraan\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s plan", "text": "The actor known for his innovative film marketing finally seems to have taken a leaf out of his colleague's book. No sooner than Aamir Khan announced that he will be meeting crime journalists across the country as a part of his promotional exercise for Taalash, industry insiders have been quick to point out that finally Aamir has been inspired by Emraan Hashmi. Incidentally, this is the first time Aamir will repeat a marketing exercise previously adopted by another actor.Aamir has declared he is going on a nine-city tour where he will be interacting with journalists covering the crime beat. The reports also said that the journalists concerned have already been informed about the actor's visit. It has been tomtommed as Aamir's own marketing brain wave because apparently, \"He always wanted to meet the top crime journalists in the country.\"However, Aamir's strategy seems to have been inspired. When Emraan was promoting Rush , the film's team decided to organise a special interaction with the crime journalists of print and electronic media since he was playing a journalist himself.Several interactions were held with an important meeting at a Juhu five star in October this year. At the event, six crime reporters were invited on stage to interact with Emraan as other journalists watched. Emraan wore a quintessential journo hat at the event and even interrogated the reporters present. Though the film failed to create a flutter at the box office, the marketing exercise had been successful and created the necessary noise.The producer-distributor of the film, Shailendra Singh is visibly thrilled at the promotional gimmick \"inspiring\" a marketing maverick. \"What can you say when God decides to copy you? The marketing strategy was taken up first by our team and it was a huge success. We organised one more similar interaction. I am thrilled that Aamir has decided to do the same thing. It's a huge compliment for the whole team of the film,\" he told us.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17331824", "title": "School principal's office sealed for tax recovery", "text": "VADODARA: Around 75 properties, including the principal's office of a prominent school, were sealed by Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) for recovery of property tax. The school owed around Rs 19 lakh as tax to the VMC.The VMC began a drive to recover pending property taxes on Thursday. Earlier, it has conducted a similar drive to recover professional taxes. Officials said the drives had become must due to a large number of persons or organizations not paying up taxes in time.VMC assistant municipal commissioner Madhusudan Rohit said the pending tax of Rosary School was assessed at around Rs 25 lakh. \"The school challenged this and the amount was eventually adjusted to Rs 19 lakh,\" he said.Rohit added the school did not pay the reduced amount as well and eventually a warrant was issued on November 1.\"It was only then that we proceeded with the sealing of the principal's office there. There is vacation in the school and hence work was not disturbed in any way,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17333960", "title": "Experts air views on communal violence at seminar in Allahabad University", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A two-day seminar on 'communal violence in India: post independence scenario', organised by the Rajiv Gandhi chair in contemporary studies of Allahabad University, concluded on Thursday. Comprising various technical sessions, the seminar threw up ideas of experts from across the country at the seminar held in the Allahabad University.The theme of the concluding day was 'communal violence: Indian experiences' and was chaired by former vice chancellor Agra University Prof S V Pandey and co-chaired by head of the Philosophy department Prof Jata Shankar.In his valedictory address, Prof Bidyut Chakrabarty from department of Political Science Delhi University said communalism was a psychological syndrome, so it should not be institutionalised. We are not communal by birth, it is a bi-product of nationalism and democracy, he said and exemplified the case of India where Jinnah and Savarkar nationalised the idea of India. In time of communal attack, leaders use slogans like 'Har Har Mahadev' and 'Allah ho Akbar' to emotionally charge the masses and this often fuels communal violence, said Prof Chakrabarty adding that the Gandhian idea of secularism was the most appropriate for communal harmony in India.Chairperson of the session Prof R P Mishra former vice chancellor of AU said in spite of being born in a pre-partition Indian Brahmin family he was never taught to hate people of other communities. Diversity is accepted in India, but unity among people is always noticed. In spite of that the issue of communal violence is relevant even after 65 years of partition. Actually, people of India are not responsible for spreading communal ideas. Following in the footsteps of British, political leaders of India spread it for power. Prof Mishra appealed to the audience to maximise contribution towards unity of India.Prof M P Dube, Dean, faculty of Arts, AU gave the vote of thanks, at the seminar and said religion could not be differentiated from the state, so often we see state-sponsored violence in communally volatile matters. He appealed to keep state away from religion so that we could see a secular India. He also advocated reform in electoral system of India to eradicate fear from the hearts of minorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17328581", "title": "Plan to increase health aid for elderly opposed", "text": "PUNE: The civic administration recently gave a negative reply to the proposal to double the benefit for senior citizens under the health scheme for urban poor.Under the scheme meant for people living below the poverty line (BPL) with an annual income of less than Rs 1 lakh, the civic body pays medical bills up to Rs 1 lakh for treatment in listed private hospitals.Two weeks ago, a Congress corporator has proposed to the women and child welfare committee that the amount of health benefit should be increased to Rs 2 lakh from the existing Rs 1 lakh for citizens above the age of 80 years. \"Senior citizens, especially those who have crossed 80 years of age, have more medical needs. The existing assistance is insufficient,\" the proposal states.The proposal adds that the number of people above 80 years of age is very less and hence the PMC will not face any major financial burden.The administration, however, opposed the proposal. \"There are a number of practical problems in implementing the scheme. Availability of birth certificates of the people above 80 years of age would be a major problem. Also, increasing the amount will need more funds,\" S R Pardeshi, head of the health department, told TOI.The health benefit scheme of the PMC was started on January 26, 2010. As many as 44 private hospitals in the city are designated to provide medical care to the poor under the scheme.The city has an estimated 14 lakh people living in slums, mostly deprived of basic medical facilities.The urban poor make up half the city's population, early estimates of the 2011 census indicate. The headcount was conducted by the Pune Municipal Corporation between February 9 and February 28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "17330775", "title": "Now, night patrolling at Sariska reserve", "text": "ALWAR: In a move to keep poachers away from the Sariska Tiger Reserve during winters, the forest officials have chalked out a plan to start night patrolling. For the first time, the authorities have identified some local people who will work as informers to foil poaching attempts. The department has promised them awards on every material information.Five different teams of beat guards have been constituted and assigned specified areas in the reserve. Field director, Sariska Tiger reserve, RS Shekhawat has asked the teams to be vigilant and has selected 60 secret routes on which the teams have been asked to patrol during the night time.\"We have taken a meeting of the locals and told them that whoever will give us information on the activities of the poachers would be awarded. We have also identified some persons who will work as informers and co-operate us in keeping the poachers away from the reserve,\" said a senior wildlife officer on Thursday.Though there has always been a scarcity of staff in the reserve as it is spread over an area of 881 kms, this year, authorities seem to be stepping up efforts to protect the wild animals from poaching.\"We have divided the park into four ranges and 78 beats on which a team of almost 100 different guards will be deployed for patrolling in nights,\" said an official.Officials said that in winters even some villagers indulge in poaching of various wild animals for meat.\"Activities such as poisoning animals are also executed during the night time. And these teams would scan the area to keep poisonous substance away from the reserve periphery,\" they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "quepem", "code": "17331086", "title": "No scheme centre, but 2 supervisors", "text": "QUEPEM: The government's ambitious adult literacy education scheme still exists, but not a single centre is functioning in Quepem taluka. Despite this two supervisors appointed for the scheme are stationed at the office of the assistant district education inspector (ADEI) in Quepem. They now check the quality of midday meals served in schools, say ADEI officials.Implemented in 1972, the adult literacy education scheme envisaged imparting education through classes, including at night to cover the working labour class. To oversee the functioning of various centres, 47 supervisors were appointed by the government.Madhukar N Raut Dessai was appointed in 1982 and was transferred to the Quepem office in 1994. Sandhya S Naik was appointed in 1988 and was posted to Quepem in 2003.Quepem ADEI officials told TOI they have no records to show when the adult literacy education centres stopped functioning in the taluka.With the centres not functioning but the supervisors still occupying the posts, citizens have raised questions about their role.\"The supervisors are in contact with supervision of midday meals daily. The supervisors visit a minimum of three schools per day and check the midday meal,\" states information procured by activist John Fernandes under the Right to Information Act from the ADEI office.The ADEI further stated that no adult literacy education centre was functioning in Quepem when either supervisor joined and no diary is maintained to keep a track of the supervisors' day-to-day work and duties.Raising doubts about the supervisors actually monitoring the midday meal scheme in the absence of a diary, sources told TOI that the supervisors monthly salaries -allegedly around 40,000 each-are a waste of resources.Fernandes, an advocate, claimed the midday meal scheme has been uniformly implemented in the state only in the last three years. \"What have these supervisors been doing for the last 15 years?\" he asked.The supervisors maintain they are in contact with the supervision of midday meals for around 100 primary and high schools in Quepem taluka and cover three schools per day. Each school is monitored after eight days on rotation. The Quepem ADEI office has a capacity of 11 staff.Fr Jerry Vaz, headmaster of Fatima High School, Rivona, said an ADEI official comes once in three months to check the food.He said a majority of students do not eat the midday meal as it is below standard. He further said he and some teachers taste the food before serving it to the students.When contacted, authorities of many aided schools in the taluka denied any ADEI official visits the schools to check the midday meal.Deputy director of adult education, Santosh Amonkar, said he is unaware about the nature of the duties carried out by the supervisors at the ADEI office at Quepem.He said 31 of the 47 supervisors appointed by the government have retired, while 16 have been posted at various ADEI offices. Thirty-two adult education literacy centres continue to function under the scheme in Goa. Mormugao taluka has the maximum of seven centres, Sanguem has six, Salcete and Sattari have five each, Bardez has four, Ponda and Pernem have two each and Bicholim has one.Amonkar said the adult literacy education scheme was revised in 2010. Under the revised scheme teachers/instructors teach the adults orally without supplying any books. Earlier, the government would supply notebooks and textbooks. He further said that all the centres conduct classes only for one hour, thrice a week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17328591", "title": "Akhilesh waives Rs 1,650 crore farm loans on dad Mulayam's birthday", "text": "LUCKNOW: A cash-strapped Uttar Pradesh government wrote off loans worth Rs 1,650 crore to farmers on Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav's 74th birthday on Thursday, fulfilling an election promise that is bound to further deplete the state's already dwindling coffers. Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav said 7.2 lakh farmers, who've taken loans of up to Rs 50,000 from rural cooperative banks, will benefit from the waiver.\"Farmers who've taken loans of up to Rs 50,000, and have deposited at least 10% of the amount by March 31, will not have to pay any further,\" Akhilesh said. The farm loan waiver would cost the government Rs 1,650 crore and the CM said Rs 500 crore has already been earmarked from the budget towards this.Underscoring his government's \"pro-farmer policies\", Akhilesh also said he will shortly announce state advisory price for sugarcane and ensure farmers' interests. However, he remained silent on loan waiver for farmers from other government-run banks, especially those in the backward Bundelkhand region, that do not issue loans against property.In one sense, by applying conditions, Akhilesh has whittled down the largesse which otherwise would have cost his government a staggering Rs 14,000 crore. But, in the process, farmers in the state's endemically backwards regions like Bundelkhand will gain little from the waiver.Reacting to the government's decision, Kisan Jagriti Manch (KJM), a farmer group in UP said, the waiver will benefit a sizeable population of small and marginal farmers who take loans from rural cooperative banks, but added that this wasn't enough.\"Rs 1,650 crore is insufficient for the loan waiver scheme considering the large numbers of indebted farmers in UP. The benefit of the loan waiver scheme should be extended also to those farmers who took loans from scheduled banks in the form of crop loans,'' said KJM chief Sudhir Panwar.Times ViewGiven the precarious state of UP's finances, this farm loan waiver makes little sense. You almost sense that concern for peasant welfare might have been a secondary objective as the scheme was announced on the birthday of the chief minister Akhilesh Yadav's father, Mulayam Singh Yadav . This betrays the desire to celebrate Mulayam's birthday with public money and smacks of a feudal mindset of patronage. Akhilesh isn't the only politician doing this sort of gimmickry. But Akhilesh had held out the promise of ushering in a more modern political paradigm in the state. That promise is belied.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17330499", "title": "Hearing in Sheelu rape case begins", "text": "LUCKNOW: Hearing in Sheelu rape case began on Thursday in the special CBI (judicial magistrate) court with the agency producing ex-BSP MLA Purshottam Dwivedi and his aide Ram Naresh Dwivedi.Judge Neel Mani Kant Tripathi deferred the hearing till December 6, the date on which the court will consider the CBI chargesheet for the purpose of taking cognizance. Another accused Rakesh Garg who is on bail also appeared before the court on Thursday.The CBI has already filed chargesheet in the matter. The magistrate court will pass order in respect of cognizance on CBI's chargesheet and once the court chooses to take cognizance, it will commit the matter to sessions court as the trial of rape charges can be conducted only in courts of such designation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "17332988", "title": "Nov 14 encounter fake: Rights body", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Calling the recent killing of five Maoists at Bhaliaguda in Gajapati district a fake encounter, human rights activists on Thursday demanded a probe into the incident by the CBI or an investigation wing of the National Human Right Commission (NHRC). The activists also urged the government to pay at least Rs 10 lakh as compensation to the family members of each of the five deceased persons. Murder cases should be lodged against the police persons involved in the killing, the Andhra Pradesh-based Human Rights Forum (HRF) said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17330124", "title": "Bangalore breaks into top global startup league", "text": "BANGALORE: In a testimony to its robust startup culture, Bangalore has been ranked among 20 influential startup ecosystems around the world in a study by global research firm Startup Genome.Silicon Valley tops the list, and is followed by Tel Aviv, Los Angeles, Seattle and New York. Bangalore is at the 19th spot. Singapore is the only other Asian country on the list, at No. 17.Seoul, Tokyo, Beijing and Jakarta failed to make the list. Almost half the locations are in the US and Canada. Startup Genome is a project by three entrepreneurs - Bjoern Hermann, Max Marmer and Ertan Dogryutan - that seeks to capture the state of entrepreneurship worldwide.It does it through the Startup Ecosystem Index, which benchmarks the rise and fall of startup ecosystems using eight weighted component indices based on talent, funding, output and support. The index is based on data from more than 50,000 startups around the world. Spanish firm Telefonica Digital funded the study this year.Bangalore scored its best rankings (No. 10 in both) in the Mindset Index and the Differentiation from Silicon Valley (SV) Index. The former measures the extent to which entrepreneurs have demonstrated high appetite for risk, strong work ethic and ability to overcome challenges faced by startups. The latter measures how different the startup ecosystem is to Silicon Valley, taking into account the demographics and the type of companies started there, and Bangalore's rank suggests it's relatively similar to the Valley.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17329497", "title": "New power conductors to improve carrying capacity for Mahatransco", "text": "NASHIK: Facing scarcity of land and rising demand of power, the Maharashtra State Electricity Transmission Company Limited (MSETCL) - Mahatranso- has decided to install new power conductors to carry more current and are effective at higher temperatures.The MSETCL has decided to install new conductors (wires) for high tension (220 kv) lines between Nashik Thermal Power Station (NTPS) at Eklahara and Ozar- a stretch of about 20 km.\"The work on replacing the existing conductor with the new conductors - more efficient ones and lighter in weight as well, is nearing completion. This is being taken up in Nashik for the first time and the success will ensure using the same elsewhere as well,\" superintending engineer S R Tirmare informed.The company is facing severe shortage of land for laying of new lines. Besides, Dindori (about 25 km from Nashik city) is witnessing a very fast growth in industrial need for power. In such circumstances where there is no scope for increasing tower lines at this point of time, the MSETCL has decided to test the new conductor for efficient power transmission.\"The new conductors are 1.5 times costlier that the earlier ones, but the results are far more astonishing than the price. The conductors can carry 1.70 times of the current that existing lines carry and yet the conductors are lighter than the existing conductors considerably,\" the official said.The new aluminium conductor composite core (ACCC) are not only lighter in weight thus generating lower sag, the other interesting facts are that its current carrying capacity increases with the higher temperatures, besides reducing line losses by up to 40%. \"Generally at higher temperatures - around 90 degree Celsius, the existing lines are prone to overheat and thus wear out. In contrast the ampacity (current carrying capacity) of the new conductors increases by almost double,\" he informed.\"This would be a win-win situation of sorts for the company which is experimenting with the new technology. Ones established, the practice would further help the company to not only reduce transmission losses but at the same time reduce the maintenance costs as well,\" the senior official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17329196", "title": "'Jittery' killers drank beer before stabbing RTI activist", "text": "MUMBAI: The two men arrested in connection with the murder of RTI activist Kapurchand Gupta in Kandivli drank beer to muster enough courage to commit the crime, claimed cops.The accused, Shivprasad Kesari and Shivkumar Bharadwaj, were arrested from Nashik on Wednesday within 12 hours of the crime. Late on Tuesday, Gupta was stabbed to death 27 times on MG Road in Kandivli (W) in the presence of his colleague Yogesh Gaud.Kesari and Bharadwaj do not have a past crime record. They told the police that they downed a few beers as they were nervous and believed that alcohol fuelled aggression. The accused waited in their car and watched from a distance till Gupta and Gaud finished talking to their friends. They then tailed Gupta and Gaud's motorcycle and rammed into them. As the two men fell off, one of the accused got out of the car and stabbed Gupta repeatedly, also hurting Gaud when he tried to intervene.\"The accused had been at loggerheads with Gupta for some timeover a-year-and-half. Kesari ran a money-lending business. But Gupta, an office-bearer of the hawkers' association, advised vendors against going to Kesari. He also offered them protection against Kesari's recovery agents. This affected his business severely. Kesari then started a firecrackers business but that too failed,\" said assistant police commissioner Jaywant Hargude.The police are now investigating whether there was any other motive to kill Gupta, 49, as well, considering the brutality with which the crime was committed. A local court on Thursday remanded Kesari and Bharadwaj to police custody till November 30.While Kesari, 37, resided at Nala Sopara with his wife and four children, Bharadwaj, 42, is a native of Ghaziabad and has been staying Mumbai for the past seven years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17328910", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation's zero garbage scheme has failed to bear results: Corporators", "text": "NAGPUR: The much hyped zero garbage scheme in Nagpur Municipal Corporation limits has failed to bear results as heaps of garbage, overflowing dust bins, stinky sewers and garbage spread over the streets and roads have become a common sight in any part of the city, a delegation of Congress corporators complained to civic chief Shyam Wardhane on Thursday.Led by leader of opposition in NMC, senior Congress corporator Vikas Thakre submitted a memorandum to Wardhane to draw his attention towards lack of cleanliness, non-functional streetlights, potholed and dug out roads, encroachment in corporation lands etc.Corporators including Rekha Barahte, Nimisha Shirke, Dr Prashant Chopra, Sheela Mohad, Arun Dawre, Deva Usare and others pointed out that irregular lifting of garbage and shortage of sanitary workers has resulted into rise in mosquito population.The delegation also expressed concern over lackadaisical attitude of zonal officers' to remove encroachments from even corporation owned lands. Citing example, they informed the civic chief that despite directives, the Laxmi Nagar zone officials failed to remove encroachments from London Street. \"From cattle owners to scrap dealers, one can find many encroachments on the land,\" they claimed. \"An NMC contractor had encroached upon the corporation land beneath the Elevated Storage Reservoir (overhead tank) in Adhyapak Layout,\" they said.Arun Dawre urged the commissioner to restart the animal birth control operations on stray dogs to curb their menace. After hearing the delegation for almost one-and-a-half hour, Wardhane assured to look into their matters and directed concerned officials to listen to their complaints immediately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17331266", "title": "White paper on irrigation in 3 weeks, HC told", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government on Thursday informed the Bombay HC that it would complete preparing a white paper on irrigation in the next three weeks. Advocate general Darius Khambata said based on the report, the state would file a reply to a PIL seeking a CBI inquiry into allegations of \"longstanding and widespread corruption in irrigation projects' ' that caused an \"unnecessary burden of Rs 75,000 crore on the exchequer\" . The court was hearing a PIL filed by activist Pravin Wategaonkar, who said he had to move the judiciary as the state had not paid heed to his complaint . He said the premier investigation agency must probe those involved in the scam , including politicians, officers and private contractors who worked in collusion to keep projects incomplete. ROW OVER SCAMActivist Pravin Wategaonkar, who has filed a PIL in the irrigation scam, has alleged that there was an attempt to keep demanding more money, ostensibly in public interest.Attorney general Darius Khambata requested four weeks' time to enable the state to file a reply . The division bench of Justices Ajay Khanwilkar and Mridula Bhatkar adjourned the matter to December 18. Wategaonkar asked that a copy of the white paper be furnished to him as well. Khambata said the affidavit in reply would contain aspects of the white paper.Wategaonkar's PIL pointed to massive delays in irrigation projects in the Konkan region where 77 projects were incomplete even 10 years after their launch; as a result, cost overruns were huge. He cited findings of the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) and said the only reason for the delay was \"institutionalized corruption'' that drained public funds into private pockets.The Konkan Irrigation Development Corporation was set up nearly 15 years ago. The PIL says there has been complete violation of rules to favour private contractors. When the matter was first mentioned before a bench of Justices S A Bobde and Rajesh Ketkar, the court had expressed its concern. Successive ministers handling irrigation and water resources portfolio have acted against public interest, the PIL said, pointing out that one recently resigned in the wake of media reports exposing the extent of the scam. The PIL relied heavily on the CAG report as well as a letter by Vijay Pandhare, chief engineer, Maharashtra Engineering Research Institute, Nashik, in May this year, on the the sorry state of affairs.In May, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan said Rs 70,000 crore was spent on irrigation projects in the past decade. In spite of the funds, the irrigation potential inched up only by 0.1% to 17.9% as of 2010 even as the national average was 45%. Now, to complete 747 ongoing projects in the state, the government needs an additional Rs 75,000 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17334039", "title": "Industrialists stage power-packed stir", "text": "KANPUR: The participation of over 7,000 industrial units in the 'Maha Bandh' organised to protest against the hiked power tariff led to a production loss of about 250 crore in the industrial city alone. Estimates also put the state government's revenue loss to the tune of Rs 50 crore due to the closure of units manufacturing pharmaceuticals, plastic, textile, automobiles, iron and steel, fertilizers, leather products, engineering goods, and confectionery, to name a few.Moving ahead with the plan made in advance, the city's industrialists kept their factories closed on Thursday and raised slogans against the government's decision of increasing power tariff.United under Indian Industries Association (IIA), Provincial Industries Association (PIA), Dada Nagar Industrial Co-operative Estate, Laghu Udyog Bharti and Small Tanners Association, the industrialists along with traders associated with various trade unions like Kanpur Udyog Vyapar Mandal an Akhil Bhartiya Udyog Vyapar Mandal came out on the roads on the roads. They said the increased power tariff will automatically lead to a closure of the industries where over 2 lakh people are employed at different levels.The agitated industrialists of Site number 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5 held several rounds of meetings in Dada Nagar Industrial Estate and decided to intensify the protest if the government does not revoke the hike. It was also decided during the meeting that took place that the industrialists will not pay the electricity bills according to the new tariff.They said the hiked power tariff was inconsistent with the state government's claim of encouraging new industries to come up in the state. The industrialists said if things continue in the same manner, they would either be forced to shut shop, or shift to neighbouring states like Uttaranchal where the power prices are comparatively lower than Uttar Pradesh.The industrialists were lauded the participation of traders who kept their commercial establishments closed for nearly two hours in solidarity.To further press the state government, the industrialists did not take part in the Udyog Bandhu meeting scheduled to be held on Thursday. The meeting is held once a month between industrialists and the district administration.To ensure that the success of the bandh, the factory owners along with their workers took out a vehicle rally through industrial sites and made sure that all the factories were closed. In Panki and Dada Nagar, workers from the factories blocked the roads.Talking to TOI, Atul Seth, state general secretary, PIA said if the government does not lend its ears to the problem, the industrialists will be forced to launch a bigger movement in the days to come.Called the Bandh a mega hit, he informed that line losses in Dada Nagar Industrial Estate, which used to be 48% in 2004, came down to 18% in just two years. \"Now the line loss in Dada Nagar industrial estate is just 5%, much below what it used to be earlier. Government should take this into consideration and further make efforts to control power theft instead of hiking the power tariff for industries,\" said Seth.Sunil Gupta, another industralist, said if industrial units will close down, hundreds and thousands of workers employed in these factories will be rendered jobless.Meanwhile, city based industrialists including Sunil Gupta, Manoj Banka, Sunil Vaishya, Rajesh Grover, Vijay Kapoor, Tarun Khetrapal, Manmohan Rajpal, and Atul Seth conducted meetings to discuss the Bandh and further course of action. It was during in the meetings that the industrialists would shut industries again if needed to pressurise the government to take back its decision.The meetings were followed by a joint meeting of industrialists in the Dada Nagar Co-operative Industrial Estate where it was decided that the industrialists should be ready to hold protests and sit-in dharnas.It was also decided that if the hike is not reversed, the industrialists will lock their factories and hand over their keys to chief minister Akhilesh Yadav. They also criticised the Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL) for taking the 'anti-industry' decision.The industrialists have also announced helpline numbers to prevent disconnection of power lines and meters. Nearly 10 mobile numbers will remain active for the purpose. This decision was taken as it was apprehended that Kesco may start disconnecting power connections anytime after non-payment of bills by the factory owners.\"The Kesco employees do not pay for the power they consume at their domestic end. This is not right. They should also pay electricity bills. This will not only give revenue to the government but will also put a check on the power theft committed by the Kesco employees,\" said a noted industrialist from the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17331226", "title": "Revival plan gathers dust", "text": "Nearly a decade after closure, the Karnataka high court directed the Centre to look into ways to revive the KGF mines.Prior to this, the government had formed many committees to explore gold deposits in KGF, which submitted reports stating that there were untapped gold reserves. Last year, the Centre cleared a proposal to revive the mines which were shut in 2001.The C P Gupta Committee , constituted in 2005, reported that 13.72 lakh tonnes of gold reserves were found in Chigargunta mine, 27km from KGF. The Old Bisnatham mine, 8km south of KGF, has 0.065 million tonnes.After the mines were closed, an expert committee suggested collaboration with an Australian company , which was approved by the Centre. Subsequently, responding to a petition by former mine employees, the HC directed the government to reviving the mines rather than look for international partners. But the proposal is still gathering dust.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17332245", "title": "Two youths arrested with fake currency notes", "text": "INDORE: Police arrested two youths and recovered 26 fake Indian currency from them in Scheme No. 74 of Vijay Nagar area here on Thursday.The accused, Harsh alias Honey Bhatnagar, 20, is the son of Rakesh Bhatnagar, a resident of Scheme No. 114 and Jacob, 21, the son of Danial Gomes, is the resident of Scheme No. 78, Christian Colony.Acting on a tip-off, the police arrested the accused from Scheme number 74 in the afternoon and also seized 26 fake notes of Rs 100, one laptop and a colour printer, said Vijay Nagar police in charge Kamal Jain.He said the police received information about few people were making fake Indian currency notes. The informer told that they are active in Vijay Nagar area only.Police raided the residence in Scheme number 74 and arrested both the accused in the afternoon around 1.30 pm.Later, the police booked them under Section 489 (A, B, C) of the IPC and the investigation is on. Jain said the police were trying to find out if more persons were involved in the racket. are trying to find out how many people were involved in the racket of fake note. Police will interrogate these accused for these information.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17400572", "title": "Now, a yatra for women empowerment", "text": "RAIPUR: The Raman Singh government is launching a state-wide Yatra from November 29 for women empowerment and launch a drive against social ills. State women and child development minister Lata Usendi will lead the yatra from Rajnandaon district's Sukuldehan village which got recognition at the national level for women empowerment. and became a major centre.This village had triggered a mini revolution after Padmashree Phoolbasan Bai Yadav, a social entrepreneur, led a women brigade of two lakh strong women self-help group in the state. Women's conference would also be organized during the yatra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17330954", "title": "Extended power cuts leave students drowsy at school", "text": "COIMBATORE: With power cuts extending over 14 hours a day, normal life for residents of western Tamil Nadu, especially school-going children, has been derailed.\"Most parents have requested that I give minimum homework as many children suffer from sleeping disorders due to the frequent power cuts. Students look sleepy and tired during the day. With no power during the night, children are unable to sleep,\" said headmistress of a school in Kovaipudur.It seems to be most difficult for children in primary school. They are unable to complete their homework on time and they do not feel rested. P Karthick a student of class 6 at the Trinity Matriculation Higher Secondary School in the city echoes the same sentiments. He goes for tuitions after school and when he gets back home at 6pm, he starts his homework. But the power generally goes off before he completes his homework. His father A Prabhulachandran says it is a challenge for students to keep ups with school work. \"With frequent outages, it is hard for children to maintain continued interest in their studies. Neither can they sleep at night,\" he said.S N Shreyaan a student of class 8 at the Kendriya Vidyalaya in Sowripalayam says that getting a good night's sleep is close to impossible. \"I am always drowsy in class,\" he says. Owning a UPS does not make much of a difference say residents, since there is inadequate power to keep it charged. Some students choose to stay in school after lessons are over.P V Antony the Principal of the Suguna RIP V Matriculation Higher Secondary School says that there are students who stay back at school till 6pm. With public exams to prepare for, she says it is most difficult for class 10 and class 12 students.Schools managements say that they have financial constraints. \"With the limited fees we charge, we are not able to buy generators and other facilities to deal with the power shortages,\" says R Visalakshi the President of the Tamil Nadu Private School Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "17329434", "title": "Man misfires gun on self", "text": "THANE: A Byculla businessman from Byculla suffered a bullet injury on his neck when he accidentally fired a revolver at his friend's Dombivli home. The is undergoing treatment at AIMS hospital in Dombivli.Mahendra Dehrikar,50 was at his friend Manish Joshi's house attending a party. Mahendra was checking a license revolver owned by Manish when the weapon went off.Police official from Manpada police station said, \"Our team visited the hospital and recorded the victims statement in which we found that Mahendra injured due to negligence\" Based on the victim's statement police registered case against both under section 286(Negligent conduct with respect to explosive substance),336 (Act endangering life or personal safety of others)and 34(common intention) of Indian Penal code for making negligence led to incident.\"At the time of incident the revolver was loaded with five bullets and despite knowing it is loaded with bullet Manish gave it to Mahendra which is illegal that is reason we have booked both of friend\" said Investigator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17329811", "title": "Year-round checking for dengue breeding", "text": "NEW DELHI: The malaria committee of North Corporation passed a proposal to employ domestic breeding checkers all year around instead of just eight months.According to chairman of committee Ram Dayal, since vector-borne diseases affect throughout the year, it is necessary to keep an eye on the breeding of mosquito larvae inside homes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "17331219", "title": "Now, no large tourist buses in Calangute", "text": "CALANGUTE: The North Goa district collector issued a notification on Tuesday restricting the movement of large tourist buses in Calangute.PI Nilesh Dhaigodkar, Calangute traffic cell, confirming the development, said big buses create traffic congestion on narrow roads, because of which the state government along with the village panchayat has made arrangements for parking of these buses in the fields opposite St Alex church.Dhaigodkar said buses coming from Candolim are being stopped at the St Anthony chapel junction from where tourists have to walk to the beach. The other drop-off point is at the Baga circle near the old football ground, from where tourists have to walk to the beach, while the buses are sent to the parking area opposite the church till they are called back to pick up their passengers.Calangute panchayat member Joseph Sequeira told TOI that the notification is temporary and is for two months, after which they will review the arrangement. \"We don't have any space to park these buses,\" he said, adding that the panchayat will extend this to buses which ferry charter tourists from the airport to resorts in the coastal area. \"The big buses which ferry passengers from the airport will have to stop at the parking lot opposite the church and we're going to ask the resorts to provide a shuttle service from the parking lot to the resorts,\" he said. The proposal is expected to be discussed at the monthly meeting of the panchayat next week. Once the proposal is approved at the panchayat, they will publish a public notice in the newspapers informing all hoteliers of the arrangement, he said. Hotels are expected to use vehicles like mini-buses for the shuttle service. Private bus operators may also be allowed to start shuttle bus services.Calangute MLA Michael Lobo told TOI that the district collector's notification specifies that big buses should not enter the area because they have trouble turning in narrow roads and cause huge traffic jams that take a long time to clear.The newly-created traffic cell at Calangute has begun a crackdown on vehicles parked illegally along the roads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17333428", "title": "Pooja Bhatt will keep her commitment to Ponty Chadha", "text": "Pooja Bhatt's two ambitious projects Jism 3 and Cabaret are going to remain with the entertainment branch Waves of Ponty Chadha's business empire. She is in fact going ahead with the the completion of the two scripts before casting.Days after the shocking gunning-down tycoon entrepreneur, a sense of uncertainty remains over the film project involving Chadha, though one of Ponty's closest associates in the film Pooja Bhatt has decided to keep her commitment to the slain tycoon.Pooja leaves the ball in Chadha's business empire's court, \"I will wait for Ponty's movie flagship Waves to decide the way forward with my two projects Jism 3 and Cabaret which I was to do with Ponty. I will continue with the creative work on both the projects with even more fervour. If Waves decides to go ahead with our projects, we'd be happy to stick to our commitment. I shall give them two films to be proud of. And if they decide not to go ahead with our projects, I shall respect that decision. But the call is theirs. I shall respect their decision. For, during his lifetime Ponty Chadha gave me much respect in our dealings.\"Pooja Bhatt who worked closely with Ponty Chadha says the loss is devastating. \"His death affects the entire film industry in the most devastating way. He belonged to that rare breed of entrepreneurs who believe in the power of cinema. He backed me on both Cabaret and Jism 3 from the day he saw the first copy of Jism 2 with us Bhatts. And he did so without knowing who the stars were or even a glimpse into the script. That kind of trust is rare in movie-land.\"At the moment, Pooja grieves not for the uncertainty of her projects but a valuable creative ally, \"My first hit as a director Jism 2 is linked to that gentleman's faith in me. How can I ever forget that?\"However another filmmaker who worked closely with Ponty for many years is not too sure whether the billionaire's business empire would want to carry forward its close links with the Bollywood . \"His death is going to have deep repercussions on the movie business. Ponty was the only all-India distributor for Hindi films. He has been associated with the film industry since Ajay Devgn's Raju Chacha and Ram Gopal Varma's Jungle . Neither of Ponty's two brothers were interested in the movie trade. I don't think his son is interested either. Ponty was a passionate movie buff. He loved films and he wasn't besotted by glamorous stars. He just loved the movies. I don't think Pooja Bhatt or anyone else would get the same kind of commitment from the rest of Ponty's family.\"Not desirous of being named this prolific filmmaker also expressed amazement at Ponty's death in the macabre shooting incident with his brother. \"Ponty's hands were serious damaged. He lost them during his childhood. While flying a kite, he got electrocuted. How could a man who could barely hold a coffee cup be involved in such a lethal shooting incident?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17328870", "title": "First race declared null and void", "text": "MUMBAI: The stewards of the Royal Western India Turf Club ( RWITC) declared Thursday's first race, the Grand Passion Plate Div-II, null and void after a public outcry. The race-goers claimed jockey Tushar Nemane didn't put the required effort on favourite Celsius and, as a result, lost the race by finishing a close second. The stewards, while announcing the betting money to be refunded, also asked the stipendiary stewards (investigating officers) to conduct a thorough inquiry. They also suspended Nemane, pending further inquiry.\"In the interest of the betting public, under rule 31-A, we decided to declare the race null and void and have opened an inquiry into the race,\" Champaklal Zaveri, who chaired the stewards' inquiry, told TOI.Celsius was available at 9/4 and Nemane hit the front with the word go. He did not whip his horse even once and was overtaken by another filly, Fairy Queen , close to the winning post. This resulted in the public rage. Even the owner of Celsius, Vikram Shah, complained to the stewards. \"It was clearly visible that the jockey did not put sufficient effort. The stewards did the right thing by declaring the race void,\" Shah told TOI.During the initial inquiry, jockey Nemane told stewards that in a bid to reduce his weight, he had been doing some brisk walking for the last couple of days and felt tired while riding Celsius.Results1st race: Declared null and void;2nd race: Song Of Praise 1, Queen's Camp 2, Oriental Sapphire 3, Daredevil 4;3rd race: Josephine 1, Endless Horizon 2, Astromia 3, Crrisp 4;4th race: Sumo 1, Ambrosia 2, An Acquired Taste 3. Red Baron 4;5th race: Sharaarat 1, Rising Power 2, Eskimo 3, Bold Dancer 4;6th race: Purple Patch 1, Angels Tern 2, Black Pearl 3, Song Dynasty 4;7th race: Bullseye 1, Monsieur Strauss 2, Alecto 3, Lightening Thunder 4;Jackpot: 70% Rs 6319 (40) &amp; 30% 926 (117);Super Jackpot: 70% 38547 (2) &amp; 30% 4720 (7); Treble: 285 (130)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17329620", "title": "Centre for Cellular and Molecular Biology to celebrate 25th Foundation Day", "text": "HYDERABAD: Is Ash beautiful? The question has already been settled forever with the queen of hearts winning the Miss World title years ago. Aishwarya Rai and what really is beautiful? These questions may well pop up at a meeting of molecular biology scientists and eminent people from the world of arts in the city soon.The Centre for Cellular and Molecular Biology (CCMB) is celebrating its 25th Foundation Day from November 25-27, 2012. As part of the celebrations, well-known scientists from both within the country and abroad will participate. Interestingly, a session on 'Art and science' is also being organised on November 26.\"Beauty is a matter of perception. There are certain things which are accepted as beautiful. But ultimately, it is something that the brain tells you that certain features, say, in a person, are acceptable to you and you would consider them as beautiful. But the same thing may not be beautiful to others,\" Ch Mohan Rao, director of CCMB said.Mohan Rao told TOI that scientists and artists would deliberate on the subject in an exclusive session to be held as part of the three-day meeting. \"Artists do appreciate the beauty that they are able to see but they are even more fascinated by what can only be seen under the microscope. For instance, the human cell structure in itself is amazing and beautiful. And that has caught the fascination of artists,\" Mohan Rao said.Beauty may get a certain definition from artists and musicians and biology can have an interpretation. \"Artistes and scientists definitely agree on what really is beautiful. Only, the terminology and vocabulary they use to describe it is different,\" Mohan Rao said.Well-known people from the world of arts including Sonal Mansingh, Shaki Maira, Ronne Dods, Amita Ratnam and Semir Zeki will participate in the session on 'Art and science' during the international conference on 'Biology 2012 and beyond.'This, however, is not the first time that the CCMB is having a brush with the world of art. The main building of the scientific institution is full of paintings.Apart from beauty, several scientific sessions will also be held during the celebrations. Prof Samir K Brahmachari, director-general, CSIR will speak on 'Open source drug discovery as an innovative model for affordable healthcare for all.' Stephne Minger, who discovered stem cells , will talk about the 'Therapeutic and research potential of human stem cells.'Several scientists, who did their doctoral studies at the CCMB, and came back to India, will also participate in the celebrations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17331120", "title": "Shyam Benegal to make 10-part series on Constitution", "text": "PANAJI: Eminent director Shyam Benegal has said that he is in the process of making a 10-part series on the concept and making of the Indian constitution. Explaining his motive behind doing this, Benegal, a winner of the prestigious Dadasaheb Phalke award, said, \"I felt this is something I should do and present to the public. Not only people but even politicians.\"Benegal was speaking while delivering a masterclass at the International Film festival of India 2012.He said that the series will also touch upon the various amendments to the country's Constitution since 1961. Benegal also said one episode of the series will delve on important amendments that have been proposed but could not be passed as well as the uniform civil code.Describing it as not only relevant but an extraordinary document, he said that despite the various amendments to it, the whole constitution was like a seamless web that had retained its shape. He said the Indian Constitution was much more detailed compared to the constitutions of other countries.Speaking on cinema in India, Benegal has stressed the need for more children's films to be produced in India.Stating that children's films have an universal appeal, can be watched by everyone together and thus provide family entertainment, Benegal said children's films are not made in India as people \"always think that children are little idiots, which is not the case\".Benegal said children's films portray the right kind of values and are stories that do not patronize. He said films like 'Amar, Akbar, Anthony' were the closest Indian cinema has come to making such films.He also revealed that his first film Ankur which released in 1973, took him around 13 years to make from the time he first thought of the story.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17330067", "title": "PGI invites tenders for jammers, bug busters", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Postgraduate Institute of Medical Education and Research (PGIMER) has invited short term tenders to provide jammers and bug detectors to stop transmission of information through mobile, bluetooth and other electronic devices during the rescheduled MD/MS entrance examinations to be conducted on December 8.The move follows the hi-tech paper leak racket busted during the MD/MS entrance test on November 10. The CBI arrested 15 people, including eight women, for leaking medical entrance examination papers via mobile applications using high tech devices.The director, PGIMER, Chandigarh has invited sealed tenders in two bids, technical and financial, from reputed agencies with proven competency involved in providing services for mobile, cell phone, electronic device jammers and bug detectors.The bug busters will beep whenever they detect a wireless frequency, thereby alerting officials to the presence of cell phones, bluetooth devices or spy cams. Bug busters can also detect devices when they are turned off.The system will be put in place at all the 10 exam centres on December 8. \"The tenders are to be submitted by November 29,\" a PGI spokesperson said. The institute has uploaded information in this regard on its website www.pgimer.nic.in.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17332827", "title": "'Most farmers are small land holders'", "text": "With over 80% people dependent on agriculture in the state, poor government incentives to farmers have often courted controversy. The groundnut seed scam was the latest taint in the sector. Agriculture minister Debi Prasad Mishra speaks on issues plaguing the tiller of the land in an interview with Rajaram Satapathy.Q-Where is the root of groundnut scam?A-There is no scam per se in groundnut seed distribution. There is, however, scarcity of seeds due to which farmers are protesting. We had planned to provide 1 lakh 20,000 quintals of groundnut seeds to farmers, for which nearly 1000 quintals of breeder seed were given to the seed corporation of Odisha as against nearly 600 quintals last year. But as on date only about 27,000 quintals of certified seed could be available, which has created the resentment amongst farmers.Q-Why is this mess?A-The agriculture secretary has been asked to conduct an inquiry into the functioning of the seed corporation and find out why it failed to deliver the required quantity of seed on time.Q-Are you going to fix responsibility on any one for this lapse?A-Let the probe report come. We will review everything.Q-Have you made any contingency plan to meet the farmers' needs?A-We are arranging groundnut seeds from other sources. I hope the situation will improve to some extent, if not fully, in the next few weeks.Q-You had similar problems in the recent past on fertiliser. Union minister Srikant Jena had blamed the state government for it.A-What Srikant Jena said was a white lie, aiming to get some political mileage. The state government does not produce fertiliser nor has it major control over its distribution. There is total mess at the Central government level and the minister made the statement only to cover it. The Central government's faulty policy has proved a bane for farmers in making fertiliser costlier and causing scarcity as well.Q-The agriculture department is always seen as a non-priority area though majority of the state's population depends on agriculture for survival. Incidents of farmer suicides are often reported.A-Nearly 77% of Odisha's population depends on agriculture. Most farmers are small land holders. Our effort has been to bring people to allied sectors like fishery, diary, etc., to ensure alternative sources of livelihood. As such farmers in our state do not have sufficient money to invest in agriculture. Commercial banks are totally non-cooperative. I have been on the job to give a new direction to the agriculture department in order to let it get closer to farmers. We are seriously working in that direction and some of our plans include making Odisha self-sufficient in sweet water fish production in the next three years and increase milk production from the present level of 50 lakh litres to one crore litres.Q-You recently visited Israel. How is your visit going to benefit farmers of the state? A similar visit was made during the Congress government to Israel as well.A-I headed a three-member delegation to Israel on the invitation of agriculture ministry there. Israel's rapid progress in agriculture sector was an eye-opener for us.There are a lot of things to learn from them, particularly how the country is growing so much of agricultural produce in controlled conditions. We are on the job to replicate some of their experiments in our state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17329469", "title": "Now, Bal Thackeray's portrait in Kalidas Kala Mandir", "text": "NASHIK: The Standing Committee of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) on Thursday decided to put up a portrait of Shiv Sena supremo late Bal Thackeray at Kalidas Kala Mandir in the city.The decision to this effect was taken at the meeting of NMC's Standing Committee on Thursday, which was adjourned after paying homage to Thackray.Prakash Londhe of RPI (A) moved the proposal of putting up a portrait of Sena supremo Bal Thackeray at Kalidas Kala Mandir. Londhe said that Thackeray was a versatile personality and was not only a politician, but also a great artist. \"He was an international level cartoonist. We respect him a lot and NMC administration must put up his portrait at Kalidas Kala Mandir,\" he said.The Standing Committee chairman Uddhav Nimse said that the portrait of Shiv Sena supremo Bal Thackeray would be put up at Kalidas Kala Mandir, shortly.Meanwhile, all party members supported the proposal of adjournment of the Standing Committee meeting due to demise of Shiv Sena leader late Bal Thackeray. Accordingly, the Standing Committee chairman announced the adjournment of the meeting and said that the schedule of the next meeting would be announced, shortly.Earlier, all the members and administrative officials paid homage to the departed Shiv Sena chief.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17333994", "title": "CSMU semester exam schedule declared", "text": "KANPUR: Administration of the Chatrapati Shahuji Maharaj University has declared the schedule of the semester examinations. Different dates have been fixed for different courses run by the varsity.The exam schedule has been made available by the university on its website. The students can log on www.kanpuruniversity.org to check the semester exam schedule. Exams which will commence from December 1 will continue till December 22.Registrar CSJMU SW Hussain informed that semester exams for B Tech course will begin from December 1. The first semester exams for MBA course will be held between December 1 and 14, while third semester exams for the same course will be held from December 4 to 20.Hussain also said the first and the third semester exams of Masters of Journalism and Communication course will be held from December 5 to 13.The schedule for the courses including M Sc Life Sciences, Biotechnology, Bio-Chemistry, Microbiology, Environmental Sciences, Food Technology, Nutrition Science, Electronic, Bio-informatics has also been declared. He added that semester exam schedule for BCA, MCA, M Phil, BSC, B Pharma, M Pharma, Diploma in Bio-informatics, PG Diploma in Adult Education and Extension, M Sc, etc have been released and uploaded on the Kanpur University website.Semester exam for LLB first and second year will begin from December 10, and exams for LLB third and fourth year will begin from December 11. Exams of BBA first and fifth semester for MBA (Part Time) first year and MBA fifth semester will commence from December 1. Exams of BBA third year and MBA third semester will start from December 4. From December 8, semester exams for first year of Master of Social Works (MSW) and from December 10, third year of the same course will begin. The examinations will be held at different timings during the exam days.Most examinations will end between December 14 and 20, remaining will conclude by December 22, to mark the end of the semester examinations for the year 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17334194", "title": "Search houses &amp; seize illegal arms in BTC areas: Assam governor tells DGP", "text": "GUWAHATI: Assam governor JB Patnaik on Thursday directed the state police chief to conduct a house-to-house search to seize illegal arms in Bodoland Territorial Area Districts (BTAD). Patnaik also expressed concern over the fresh outbreak of violence in BTC areas.The governor issued the directives during a meeting at Raj Bhavan here which was attended by chief secretary Naba Kumar Das, DGP Jayanta Narayan Choudhury and additional chief secretary Jitesh Khosla. The meeting discussed law &amp; order problem and its consequent impact on development activities in the BTAD area.\"The governor has instructed the DGP that house-to-house search be made for seizure of illegal arms and strict action be taken under the provisions of IPC and Arms Act against the offenders,\" said a Raj Bhavan official.The fresh violence, which surfaced on November 10, has so far claimed 11 lives. It has also left both Bodo and Bengali-speaking Muslim farmers too scared to venture out of their villages. Opposition parties have complained about the presence of illegal arms in BTAD and demanded the government to immediately seize these arms.Patnaik also insisted that peace committees should immediately be formed so that the people who have returned or would return to their homes could work in an atmosphere of peace and amity. He said the immediate problem of the people is that of harvesting paddy on which the economy of the people depends.He instructed the chief secretary to ensure establishment of panchayati raj in BTAD areas so that the process of development in rural areas can be expedited and the benefits of various welfare schemes of the government can reach to the poorest of the poor.The governor is the constitutional head of Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC), an autonomous administrative unit constituted under the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution, covering an area of 8795 sqkm.On the other hand, police sources said over 70 persons have been detained in connection with the fresh violence so far. Army is assisting the district administration in maintaining law and order. Central paramilitary forces and state police are also keeping vigil to prevent any form of violence. The violence in BTC area broke out in July-August, leaving 99 people dead and over 4.80 lakh people displaced. The state government has already begun the rehabilitation process despite some opposition from Bodo organizations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17330107", "title": "Deputy feels cold-shouldered by Mayor Majid", "text": "HYDERABAD: The rift between Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen (MIM) and Congress appears to be widening with deputy mayor G Raj Kumar and other corporators on Thursday complaining to chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy that mayor Mohd Majid Hussain, who belongs to MIM, was not inviting them to official programmes. Apparently, Hussain had not invited the deputy mayor to the recent job mela.Labour minister Danam Nagender, who is also president of Greater Hyderabad Congress Committee, took the deputy mayor and other corporators to the chief minister to complain about protocol lapses at the recent GHMC-sponsored job mela.They reportedly told the chief minister that the mayor was enjoying power with the support of the 53 Congress corporators, but was not taking them into confidence.They claimed GHMC officials were also not following protocol for programmes being organized by the corporation. The minister, sources said, briefed Kiran Kumar Reddy on probable defection of corporators to YSR Congress Party. Already, three corporators have joined YSRCP and another might follow suit.Meanwhile, Danam Nagender is likely to hold a meeting with Congress corporators in the next few days to draw up a strategy to be adopted in the coming days to face MIM, which is a major force in the city, and YSRCP.They would also discuss the strategy for the GHMC council meeting to be held on December 1.When contacted, deputy mayor Raj Kumar said they met the chief minister to appraise him on developmental activities being taken up by the corporation and denied that they discussed protocol issue at the job mela.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17330251", "title": "Rare surgery saves farmer's leg", "text": "KOLKATA: A team of five doctors at SSKM hospital performed a three-hour long rare emergency surgery on a 34-year-old Patherpratima farmer, Bhim Maity, on Wednesday evening and saved his left leg which had got stuck in a land plougher, weighing 50 kg. The blades of the power tiller remained inside his leg for nearly 10 hours before the team of doctors removed it successfully displaying a unique surgical method, without further damage to the leg.The farmer slipped while he was moving with the tiller and the tiller's blades penetrated his leg. \"I have never seen something like this. Four blades of the power tiller penetrated deep into the muscles and bones injuring the thigh, knee, calve and ankle of the left leg,\" said Makhan Lal Saha who led the surgery.Saha, with his colleagues Soumen Das, Parthab Bhar, S Samui and Anusuya Bannerjee, decided to apply anesthesia on the patient outside the operation theatre as the patients' movements would have caused more trouble. He was already in shock having seen the state of his legs.The team thought of a different method to conduct the operation. \"We decided to switch on the tiller and move it anti-clockwise. The idea worked and the blades came out easily. It was risky but we were successful,\" added Saha.\"When we deal with such cases, the rods are generally cut short with a saw and then we proceed with the rest of the surgery. But here, the same procedure would have generated much heat, aggravating the condition,\" added Saha.He further says that if he had not reached the hospital on time, it would have been difficult to save him as he had lost a lot of blood. But he praises the villagers, who brought him to SSKM from Patherpratima, for their presence of mind.\"Somebody had switched off the tiller immediately after the incident as the damage was not much. They brought him wrapped in quilt which was a sensible way to carry such a patient,\" said Saha. Maity had first been admitted at the primary healthcare centre in Patherpratima. He was later referred to SSKM by a local politician.\"It is no less than a miracle. I am thankful to the doctors for saving his life,\" said Maity's cousin Swapan Barik who had come to see him on Thursday. Maity's condition is said to be stable. \"Though we have saved his leg, we have to wait for 24 hours to comment on his condition. We still are not very sure about the movement of the foot,\" said Saha. \"I am still in pain but much better. I have hope now,\" said Maity who wants to see his mother and wife.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17332013", "title": "Father's statement contradictory: IG", "text": "BHOPAL: \"Father's statement is contradictory. Rest of the family is at large. Dhakad's family is also mum on the issue. So it's difficult to comment on the issue,\" the IG said, adding it would be too early to charge them with murder without collecting corroborating evidences.A senior police officer, who was on the spot, said the two were murdered by Harnam Singh and his sons. They first pushed Pooja into the well and then dragged Arvind to a nearby jungle, thrashed him and dumped his body in the canal, said sources.Last year, a married woman who had eloped with a Dalit man was beaten to death, and the body was burnt by the family members in the same district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17333044", "title": "Ra Ra out now", "text": "Tigerstyle says, \" 'Ra Ra' is part of The Ghora sequel. As we were supposed to release 'Ghora part 2' in May this year but now that has been bought by a major Bollywood production and will be releasing in 2013.\"\"As we did not want to disappoint the fans coming soon is, 'Ra Ra (Run This City)' which is based on 'Ghora Goea UK'. Same concept of the video like the original 'Ghora' but instead on the streets of Toronto, shot in London, Birmingham and Manchester with a comical Element to it,\" he added.Stay tuned for the video and you will catch a few cameos from UK Artists.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17332786", "title": "Karan wants it big in Bollywood", "text": "Television heartthrob Karan Kundra, who is back to acting on the small screen after a bit of a hiatus, feels he has been fortunate enough where work is concerned. Usually people chase acting assignments, but in his case he was approached by producers, that too by none other than small screen goddess, Ekta Kapoor. Hailing from a business family in Jalandhar, acting was never part of his agenda as she says, \"I added Ekta on a social networking site. One day she liked one of my pictures and asked me to drop in Mumbai for auditions. I went there and was selected.\" And how did his family react to this? \"I have always been little rebellious. So, my family thought it's a new bug that has bitten me this time around and I will be back to normal soon, but that has not happened yet,\" he laughs. Having done two daily soaps, Karan does not wish to work in them anymore. \"They give you money alright, but there's no growth as an actor,\" he says, \"I am now looking for something that's good in terms of content and also some offbeat stuff that will help me prove my mettle as a performer.\" As for Bollywood, Karan says, \"Bollywood is a big gamble. For me to enter this industry there should be a big launch, big star cast or a big director. The day I get one of these three, I'll take it up. Also Bollywood is meant for men and not boys! Going by my maturity level, it will still take another year to attain that level.\" Karan was also in a relationship with his co-star, Kritika Karma for three years, before it ended recently. \"While shooting for Kitni Mohabbat Hai , we used to be together 24x7, except when we went back to our respective houses to sleep. But after that show we got busy with our other assignments. Our busy schedules created misunderstandings which further created distances and there was lack of communication. But still I would say I am more responsible for what happened,\" he admits. Now, Karan is stepping into production with his yet untitled Punjabi film, in which he's also acting, besides acting in Mere Yaar Kamine .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17333228", "title": "Sridevi nominated for CNN-IBN award", "text": "Sridevi who recently made her comeback to films with English Vinglish, after 15 long years, has been nominated for the prestigious CNN-IBN's 'Indian of the Year' Award in the Entertainment category. Ace director S.S. Rajamouli is also nominated for his exceptional work in the graphical extravaganza Eega.He is the only South India nominee and also the only director to find a place in the list since Sridevi is no longer considered a south indian. Other nominees in the same category include Aamir Khan &amp; Team Satyamev Jayate, Ranbir Kapoor, Vidya Balan and Irrfan Khan.CNN-IBN Indian of the Year 2012, the biggest and the most credible award of the nation is back for the 7th consecutive year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17331307", "title": "Lending for skills courses loosens up", "text": "Students pursuing vocational courses are likely to find it easier to get bank loans with the human resources development ministry's credit guarantee scheme (CGS). Under this scheme, if a student defaults, the central government will cover a part of the loan.Indian Banks' Association (IBA) included vocational courses in its model loan scheme a few months ago after which banks started to look at providingloansforvocationalcourses. State Bank of India, Central Bank of India , Canara Bank and Indian Overseas Bank disburse loans for vocational courses. The situation has dramaticallychangedfromearlylastyear when banks did not give loans for vocational courses. SRamadorai,adviserto the Prime Minister on skilldevelopment, h a d f i r s t brought up the need for bank loans for skill training , which IBA took up. IBA was informed that National Council on Skill Development had plans to develop a skilled work force in the country and that about 25 lakh people were expected to avail credit for vocational programmes in the next three years.National Skill Development Corporation (NSDC), the body mandated tooverseetheskilldevelopmentinthe country, started a pilot project with Central Bank for vocational course loans.\"Thecreditguaranteefundwas said to be Rs 500 crore in the Budget speech. It will be based on the IBA model loan scheme guidelines,\" said NSDCCEODilipChenoy.\"WearerunningapilotwithCentralBankandwill extendittoSBI,IOBandCanaraBank, butsomeissueshavetobeironedout.\" An IOB spokesperson said the bank started distributing loans for vocational courses from July and the response has been good. \"Officials are coming to Bangalore on November 29 and Chennai on November 30 to discuss the modalities of the credit guaranteescheme ,\"saidthespokesperson .There is not much clarity on who will administer the credit guarantee fund but it is likely that it will be done by Credit Guarantee Fund Trust for Micro and Small Enterprises (CGTMSE), said an industry source. \"They had to amend the organisation and constitution of CGTMSE to make this possible,\" said the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "rameswaram", "code": "17330312", "title": "Nine held for poaching sea cucumbers", "text": "RAMESWARAM: Nine fishermen from Mandapam in Ramanthapuram district were arrested under the Wildlife Act, as they were poaching sea cucumbers here on Wednesday.Personnel from the Indian Navy during their night patrol found two boats in mid sea at Olaikuda region near Rameswaram and interrogation revealed that the men in the boats were poaching sea cucumbers. The naval personnel detained and handed the fishermen to the forest authorities who seized 300 kg of sea cucumbers from them. As most of the sea cucumbers were alive during the seizure, they were released in the sea. Forest officials arrested all the fishermen and remanded them later. They also seized two boats used for poaching.Hunting sea cucumbers is banned in the country but these sea species fetch huge prices in the international market. Hence, smuggling sea cucumbers is rampant in the region as the local smugglers hunt with the help of the fishermen and process them in the beaches. They are dried and packed and these consignments are allegedly transacted in mid-sea. As hunting and selling sea cucumbers are not banned in Sri Lanka, the smugglers use this route to take the consignments to far eastern countries and later to China, forest dept sources said.T Rajendran, assistant conservator of forests, Gulf of Mannar Marine National Park said that they have intimated the navy and coast guard to monitor any poaching activities and the mid-sea transactions between smugglers. They have given a list of endangered sea species list to these authorities as well. They were asked to inform the forest department in case they come across any poaching activities mid-sea.\"Based on our request, the navy alerted about these nine people and the sea cucumbers. We seized 300 kg of sea cucumbers and most of them were still alive when we arrested them and we also seized two boats used for poaching,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17329544", "title": "CCTVs and security personnel in matter of 20 days: Collector", "text": "NASHIK: Admitting that the cases of thefts in the campus of Collectorate in the past were neglected to a large extent, Collector Vilas Patil has said that he has decided to set up closed circuit TV (CCTV) cameras in the campus and at the same time beef up security in terms of deployment of personnel to man the place.On Monday night, two computers were stolen from Sanjay Gandhi Yojana office, and it happens to be the third in one year. While the then collector P Velrasu had reviewed the security of the campus, he had suggested some measures including the setting up of CCTV cameras, but that never fructified.\"There appears to be some negligence on the issue and we learnt it late. Nevertheless, the theft has occurred and purely limited to stealing of computers since data stolen would not affect the processes. We have now decided to install the CCTV cameras in next twenty days and at the same time beef up security personnel and requesting police presence as well,\" Collector said.The State Bank of India (SBI) has its ATM centre for which the gates are kept open. \"We have requested the SBI as well to add security personnel to their establishments to ensure measures that people entering the campus during night time are limited and their purpose of entering the campus is checked,\" Patil said.The collector further said that he would review the campus security with respect to infrastructure and ensure that the things are put in place to restrict the entry of unauthorised elements round the clock.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17333509", "title": "LiLo's half sister not welcome for family Thanksgiving", "text": "An extra setting will not be set at Lindsay Lohan's house this Thanksgiving , as news emerged that the actress' dad Michael is also a father to a 17-year-old girl named Ashley Kauffman.However, it seems the news of a long-lost sister has the 'Mean Girls' star feeling indifferent.\"Lindsay isn't upset, she doesn't care, and seems to have no desire to meet Ashley,\" Fox News quoted a source as saying.When asked about her new-found sibling, the actress - who stars in the upcoming Lifetime film 'Liz and Dick' - told 'Good Morning America' that she did not have prior knowledge that she had a half sister.However, the family insider told us that Lohan did know for at least the last few months.And while the actress isn't too fussed about the issue either way, it has apparently had quite the profound impact on Dina, who is still struggling with the news.Kauffman was reportedly conceived during a relationship with Kristi Horn Kauffman while Michael was still married to Dina Lohan in the 90s, and was born between their daughter Ali, now 18, and son Cody, now 16.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17330985", "title": "Woman seeks police aid to rescue daughter from abusive husband", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 65-year-old woman from Nethaji Nagar in Nanjundapuram has approached the city police seeking help to rescue her daughter and two-year-old grandson from the clutches of her abusive NRI son-in law working as a software engineer in New Jersey in the United States. An FIR has been registered against the accused and his family members at the All Women Police Station in Ramanathapuram. Senior city police officials have told TOI that they will seek the help of their counterparts in the US through the Indian consulate to probe the veracity of the complaint and facilitate the rescue of the affected woman and her son at the earliest.According to the complainant S Kannammal, her daughter Premalatha, a software engineer had married Gnanasekar also a software engineer in 2009 and was residing in New Jersey. He had demanded a dowry of Rs10 lakh and 100 sovereigns as dowry out of which he was paid 25 sovereigns at the time of marriage. Premalatha claimed that Gnanasekar often tortured both her and their daughter, both physically and mentally, locking them up for days inside the house without food.Unable to bear the torture, when she was still pregnant with her son Premalatha left her husband and flew down to Coimbatore in 2010. But her parents and relatives reportedly convinced her to give her marriage a second chance and reconciled the couple. Gnansekar also reportedly gave his word to Premalatha and her family that he would treat his wife with respect and care in the future. Premalatha flew back to the United States in March 2012.But Gnanasekar relapsed into his abusive behaviour and even seized Premalatha's passport when they reached their residence to ensure that she will not be able to return to India without his consent. Premalatha confided in her mother, elaborating her plight. Consequently, Kannammal approached police seeking their support to rescue her daughter on Wednesday. Premalatha has also filed an onloine complaint with the city police in the matter. Gnanasekar hails from Kongupalayam in Tirupur and his family members are reportedly trying to seek anticipatory bail at the moment to evade arrest. Police are probing the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17334222", "title": "Government move shocking", "text": "VARANASI: The delay in completion of probe in Kutchehri blasts is keeping the lawyers worried and fresh move of state government to seek legal opinion for the withdrawal of cases from some terrorists is proving equally shocking.Through a letter (No. 1991/18-case withdrawal(2010-12)JA) sent to district magistrate office here on November 8, 2012, the state government has sought opinion of district government counsel (criminal) and joint director prosecution for withdrawing cases lodged against Harkat-ul-Jehad-e-Islami mastermind Waliullah and other module Shamim, on whom a cash reward of Rs 20,000 was announced five years back. Both these are accused in March 7, 2006 serial blasts at Sankat Mochan temple and Cantonment railway station.Opinion has been sought on state versus Waliullah/Shamim (case no.-28/05, 36/06, 11/06 under section 3/4/5 of Explosive Act, 15/16/17 of UAPA, 302, 307, 324 and 326 of IPC, 3/5 Explosive Act, 427 and 120B of IPC registered at Lanka, GRP and Dashaswamedh police stations). District magistrate Saurabh Babu tried to avoid to avoid replying queries regarding such letter. Other officials were also tightlipped.This opinion has been sought in March 7, 2006 Varanasi serial blasts case in which the Lucknow court had already convicted HUJI activist Waliulla on August 26, 2008 and also sentenced for 10 years rigorous imprisonment. As per records, the then additional district and sessions judge Shamsher Chandra Tripathi sentenced Waliullah under the Arms and Unlawful Activities Act and also slapped a fine of Rs 1.05 lakh on him. He was also awarded three years imprisonment by the court for possessing illegal arms. Court ordered that both the terms would run concurrently.After 2006 Varanasi serial blasts, Waliullah was arrested by STF on April 5, 2006 under Gosainganj police station of Lucknow with a foreign made pistol and RDX. A case was registered against him in this regard. The court, while awarding the punishment, acquitted him from charges of waging war against the government due to lack of evidence.The other HUJI ultra Shamim, a native of Launda village in Chandauli district, has been absconding since 2006. The police had announced a cash reward of Rs 20,000 on him in the same year and this figure remained unchanged in the reward list of police so far. The police and supporting agencies consider that Shamim had taken shelter abroad while his family members also claim that he never contacted them after he left the house in 2006.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17333575", "title": "Daughter's heroin overdose is human: Bon Jovi", "text": "Singer Jon Bon Jovi says he will get through the tragic heroin overdose of his daughter Stephanie Bongiovi and thanked fans for their warm wishes.Stephanie was found unconscious in her hostel in New York and was hospitalised Nov 19. Bon Jovi, 50, says it was a shocking tragedy for him, reports contactmusic.com.\"It's human. What I do for a living seems glitzy and glamorous but if you don't take it too seriously it's a great way to make a living. And then life goes on. Things happen. This tragedy was something that I had to face too. So we'll get through it,\" Bon Jovi said.\"People's warm wishes for my family and I have been really reassuring,\" he said. \"So, we're good.\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17328999", "title": "Govt bound to review Goonda Act detentions separately: Kerala high court", "text": "KOCHI: The state government is bound to conduct a separate review of preventive detentions under Goonda Act other than the statutory review by an advisory board as mandated by the Constitution, the Kerala high court has ruled.The ruling by a division bench, comprising Justices Pius C Kuriakose and Babu Mathew P Joseph, came on a petition by Jayesh U of Thiruvallam in Thiruvananthapuram, challenging his preventive detention under provisions of the Kerala Anti-Social Activities (Prevention) Act of 2007 (commonly known as Goonda Act) since June 4 this year. He had pointed out that the government hasn't yet considered his representation seeking review of the detention. Advocate T K Ananda Krishnan, who appeared for Jayesh, argued that government is bound to consider the representation and failing to do so is in violation of the constitutional provisions against illegal arrest and detention (Article 22).Deputy commissioner of police, Thiruvananthapuram, who is in charge of law and order, had submitted in an affidavit that Jayesh's representation was received and was pending decision. The court asked the state government to take a decision within two weeks. It held that the government was bound to consider it in view of the Supreme Court verdict in the Gracy vs State of Kerala case of 1991, wherein the apex court had clarified that the obligation of the government to consider the representation is different and in addition to the review by the advisory board.The Constitution stipulates that preventive detentions for more than three months have to reviewed by an advisory board consisting of former high court judges or persons qualified to be judges. Stressing the need for a separate review, the Supreme Court had held that the state government's review of the representation of the detainee has to be uninfluenced by the view of the advisory board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17329342", "title": "R R Patil faces heat over 'hanging date' confusion", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after terrorist Ajmal Kasab was hanged, state home minister R R Patil found himself under fire over the date of his hanging. On Wednesday, Union home minister Sushilkumar Shinde said the date was decided on November 8 in consultation with the state government while Patil submitted that it was decided on September 11 in consultation with the sessions court.\"After the president rejected the clemency petition, on November 7, I approved the proposal for hanging Kasab on November 21 in consultation with the state government. As such, I am surprised how it was decided on September 11,'' Shinde said.A senior bureaucrat said that on October 16, Shinde's office recommended that Kasab's mercy petition be rejected. Later, before leaving for Rome to participate in the Interpol conference, Shinde had personally called on President Pranab Mukherjee to discuss Kasab's mercy petition, particularly the observations of the sessions, high court and apex court on Kasab's role in the worst-ever terror attack on Mumbai.On November 5, Mukherjee rejected the mercy petition and, two days later, Shinde not only approved the proposal to hang him, but even personally conveyed it to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and R R Patil. \"When the Centre submitted the proposal to the state government on November 8, the date of execution, November 21, too was communicated,'' the bureaucrat said.Further, the bureaucrat said, the home ministry had even asked the state government to draft a high level team for executing the plan. \"Our information is that on November 12, the state government set up the team and the team members were assigned a specific task,\" he said.On the other hand, while there was no response from Patil, a senior official from his office said there had been no goofup and the date of hanging was indeed decided on September 11, in consultation with the sessions court. \"Kasab's death warrant was drawn up in consultation with the additional sessions judge two months earlier, on September 11 after the apex court upheld the death sentence,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17329664", "title": "Plastic bags banned from today", "text": "NEW DELHI: The new ban on plastic bags will come into place from Friday.As of now, the enforcement agencies will focus on carry bags. The case filed by plastic manufacturers in the Delhi high court will also be heard on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "jalpaiguri", "code": "17330282", "title": "Rhino killed in fight with jumbo", "text": "JALPAIGURI: A six-year-old male rhino was killed in a fight with an adult elephant at the Jaldapara wildlife sanctuary. The rhino's body was found on Thursday morning beside a pond at the Suripara forest near the east range of the sanctuary. Forest officials said this was the first time that such an incident was reported from the area.The rhino's body bore injury marks, indicating that it was killed in a fight with a jumbo. Besides, other injury marks also pointed to the fact that the rhino was engaged in a tussle with another rhino recently.\"Although infighting is a common phenomenon, in this particular incident it seems that the rhino was killed in an encounter with a pachyderm, which is something unusual. Usually, rhinos and elephants do not come in each other's way,\" a senior forest official said.Foresters suspect the rhino was already injured in infighting and when the elephant attacked it, the already injured rhino could not save itself.In Jaldapara and Gorumara National Park, rhino deaths owing to infighting are a common feature. This is caused because of an uneven sex ratio of the animal. A census conducted in the North Bengal forests shows that the number of male rhinos in Jaldapara and Gorumara is almost equal to that of their female counterparts, posing a threat to the species.\"Every male rhino requires at least two female partners to avoid conflict between two males. But when this ratio is disturbed, male rhinos fight among each other over possession of female rhinos, resulting in their deaths,\" said another forest official.While there are 155 rhinos in Jaldapara, in Gorumara the number stands at 31. With the sex ratio being almost equal, often male rhinos kill the female ones to put an end to the fight with other male rhinos.This situation arises when the female rhinos refuse to respond to the advances of a particular male rhinoand give in to advances of the other.\"But we still wonder what could be the cause behind the elephant attacking the rhino,\" added the forester.In a very unusual incident, a six-year-old male rhino was killed in a fight with an adult elephant. The incident happened at the Jaldapara wildlife sanctuary and the body of the rhino was found was Thursday morning by a water body inside the forest at Suripara near the east range of the sanctuary.Injury marks on the rhino's body indicated that it was killed in a fight with a jumbo. There were other injury marks too which pointed that the rhino had also involved in a tussle with another rhino recently.\"Although infighting is a common case, in this particular incident it seems that the rhino was killed in an encounter with a pachyderm, which is something unusual. Usually rhinos and elephants do not come in each other's way,\" a senior forest official said.Foresters presume that the rhino was already injured following infighting with another rhino recently and when the elephant attacked it due to some reason, it could not manage to escape. However, the foresters have expressed their surprise over the incident as an elephant attacking a rhino causing in its death has never been reported from these parts.Rhino deaths due to infighting is quite common a phenomenon in Jaldapara and Gorumara national park. The uneven sex ratio of rhinos is actually responsible for this. The census conducted in the north Bengal forests reveals that the number of male rhinos here (Jaldapara wildlife sanctuary and Gorumara National Park) is almost equal to that of the number of females and this has posed the threat for the species.\"Every male rhino requires at least two females to avoid conflict between two males. But when this ratio is disturbed, male rhinos fight among each other over possession of female rhinos resulting in their deaths\", said a forest official.There are nearly 155 rhinos in Jaldapara and 31 rhinos in Gorumara and their sex ratio is almost equal. So such fights take place in these forest and many times the male rhinos also kill their female counterpart to put an end to the feud. This generally happens when the females refuse to respond to a male and goes to another one.\"But we still wonder what could be the cause behind the elephant attacking the rhino,\" the forester said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "moscow", "code": "17332502", "title": "Greece loses 400,000 civil service jobs to crisis", "text": "MOSCOW: The number of Greek civil servants has fallen by 400,000 in three years of crisis, administrative reform minister Antonis Maniatakis said.There were nearly one million civil servants in 2009 but now there are just 640,000, he told a parliamentary hearing.Considering that more than 40,000 will be pensioned off before the end of the year, no more than 600,000 will be left, he added.More civil servants should be moved into sectors such as the police, education, local administrations and healthcare, he said.Wage and personnel cuts in a number of public sectors are part of new austerity measures approved by parliament last week and were vigorously opposed by civil servants.\"We continue our battle to demand from the government that there isn't a single layoff in the public sector,\" said Kostas Tsikrikas of civil servants' trade union ADEDY, according to Euronews.Civil service employees have also seen their salaries cut 40 per cent since 2010 and their holiday bonuses scrapped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17332271", "title": "Get ready to shell out more for an auto ride", "text": "INDORE: Get ready to pay more for auto rides. Acting on the proposal of Auto Rickshaw Drivers Federation and following the recommendations of Regional Transport Office (RTO), the auto fare is likely to be increased. The final decision on the matter will come on Friday.\"We have received a proposal from the auto rickshaw federation. We have sent recommendations to the divisional commissioner. New fares have been finalized and will be announced on Friday,\" said Sanjay Soni, RTO.The RTO said that minimum fare for auto rickshaws will now be Rs 12 for the first kilometre and Rs 9/km for the following journey. Currently, the minimum fares are Rs 10 for first kilometre and Rs 7/km for the following journey. Incidentally, the auto federation with a 19,000 strong membership of auto drivers, has threatened to go on strike on November 26 if authorities fail to meet their fare hike demand.The auto drivers are adamant on their demand stating that district administration has offered fare hike several times to city bus and cab service in the last three years but no such revision has been brought about for auto rickshaws in this period. Ramesh Bidwal, founder of Auto Rickshaw Drivers Federation said, \"The last hike was made three years ago when CNG was Rs 37 per kg and now the fuel price has swelled to Rs 57 per kg, making it tough for us to earn a living.\"The federation has demanded a minimum hike to Rs 17 for the first kilometre and Rs 8 for the following kilometre. Bidwal said that auto drivers would burn effigies of the district administration on November 26 and will remain off the roads to show their solidarity. Pressing for this demand, the auto drivers would also stage protests on November 29. The federation has also demanded a fare standardising committee to maintain check and balance for timely fare review.When asked about the auto rickshaws that run on petrol, RTO Sanjay Soni said that only 5-10% autos are now running on petrol. \"We recommend them to switch to CNG for fuel efficiency,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17334096", "title": "Cobra rescued from Etawah school", "text": "KANPUR: A 4.5 feet long cobra was rescued inside the premises of a junior high school at Kandhani in Etawah district jointly by the forest department and volunteers of a local NGO on Thursday afternoon.Students rushed out of their classes soon after an employee of the school spotted the snake and raised an alarm. The school authorities informed the forest department after which forest personnel Kashmir Singh and Chunna Pundit along with Rajiv Chauhan, secretary, society for conservation of nature, reached the school and caught the large venomous snake. The reptile was later released back into its natural habitat.\"The snake was an Indian Cobra and we found it near the main gate of the school,\" Chauhan told TOI. It was caught before it could harm anyone, he said, adding, \"Destruction of forest cover is the major reason forcing reptiles to come near human settlements,\" Rajiv Chauhan told TOI.\"These reptiles only attack people when they feel threatened. On coming across a venomous snake, one should always inform the forest personnel or some trained rescuer and not take the chance of capturing them without any experience,\" said Fazal Farooqui, a snake rescuer.\"The sudden spurt in snake sightings can be attributed to the reptiles' mating season. They also crawl into human settlement due to the harvesting season,\" he said.But cobras seem to have some special preference for the school. About a fortnight ago, a five-feet-long Cobra had entered the same school just as the teachers and students were preparing for morning prayers. Similarly, three months ago, a cobra had sneaked into the school when students were attending classes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17329720", "title": "Congress sees only NCP, Muslim League as sure allies for 2014", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress will be back to the drawing board to refashion its alliance for 2014, taking only NCP and Muslim League as sure-shot partners for the next elections.The allies from Maharashtra and Kerala are indispensable for Congress-led state governments and the senior UPA partner also estimates that alliance with these parties is a must for doing well in elections.But besides NCP and IUML, Congress is looking at the possibility of a complete overhaul of its coalition. A crucial decision to be taken in the coming months would be if the party wants a sizeable pre-poll combine or would prefer to net partners after results.AICC in 2009 kept the size of its central alliance to a minimum, breaking ties with Lalu Prasad and Ram Vilas Paswan in Bihar and finding new partners in Trinamool Congress in Bengal and National Conference in J&amp;K.;The 'sub-group on pre-poll alliances' under the Rahul Gandhi-chaired poll panel is expected to revisit the party's coalition politics, weighing \"winnability\" with \"desirability\" of allies. Trinamool Congress and MIM's exit from UPA has already reopened the question.The idea behind having fewer pre-poll allies last time was to be able to review options after results, based on its optimism about the outcome. The move proved prescient since Congress did not require many partners later.With UPA-2 reeling under negatives of corruption and malgovernance, it is not sure if Congress would adopt the same strategy.The A K Antony-chaired group is likely to weigh the position of potential allies on their turf and if tie-ups would help Congress at the hustings.Congress managers are not sure of DMK staying on board for the next polls. The Dravidian outfit's refusal to fill the ministerial berths at the Centre and its repeated differences with UPA on policy issues has raised doubts about its intent. The feedback from state leaders is also negative.Mamata Banerjee's exit from the ruling combo has reopened the Bengal question. The volatile Trinamool leader was not part of UPA-1 that rested on the shoulders of the Left bloc but joined in 2009 after AICC manager Mohsina Kidwai recommended the two should join hands.In the event of Congress coming to power, many feel the sworn rivals in Bengal may review their hostility to UPA either out of \"compulsion\" or \"secularism\".Congress leaders are not ruling out going solo in the polls without disturbing the Omar Abdullah government in Srinagar. The bitterness between the local units, clashes over AFSPA and security of panchayat officials have opened fissures not anticipated before.The Antony panel will also have to decide if joining hands with Lalu Prasad is more beneficial than waiting it out for results and then seeing the options. A BJP victory in Delhi may keep JD(U) in the saffron embrace but a Congress win could force it to recalculate its future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17330439", "title": "STF arrests absconding criminal", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a major breakthrough, the special task force (STF) of the Uttar Pradesh Police (UPP) arrested Sushil Moonch, one of the most wanted gangsters of the state, from Rajasthan on Thursday. With more than 40 criminal cases pending against him, Sushil carried a cash reward of Rs 1 lakh and has been absconding for the past seven years.ADG STF Arun Kumar, providing the details of the operation that led to the arrest of Moonch, said the arrest was made from the Pink Square Mall at Raja Park in Adarsh Nagar police circle of Jaipur (Rajasthan). Sushil was moving in a Volkswagen Polo car when he was intercepted by the STF. The arrest came after sustained efforts of the STF team led by additional SP Anant Deo. The STF team was pursuing all the intelligence pouring in on the absconding don for almost six months now. Moonch has been moving from Chandigarh to Punjab to Panchkula (Haryana), Jaipur (Rajasthan) and Delhi ever since he was released on bail.As per the STF, Sushil was regularly in touch with his contacts in western UP and also dispatched his trusted lieutenant to the region to settle disputes related to sugar mills and contracts related to disposal of waste from sugar mills and likes.The crime record of Moonch and his gang include the murder of block pramukh, Surendra Kukkar and four associates in Muzaffarnagar in 1991and murder of his son Kuldeep in 1997 in Muzaffarnagar. In 1999 Kuldeep's friend Naveen and Manish of Hamirpur were murdered in Haryana. In Dehradun, the gang mowed down a noted lawyer Hari Garg in 1992 and then his brother in 1994. Sushil Mooch gang also figured in the murder of Kaluram Gurjar who was the employee union leader of a sugar mill in Khatauli in 1994. In 1999, the deputy manager of the same sugar mill SC Jaggi was also murdered for his rivalry with Sushil's friend Jai Prakash Shastri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17329052", "title": "Tobacco didn\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t kill them but life has become hell now", "text": "Tobacco consumers may end up on hospital beds, spending savings of their lifetime on treatment of cancer and causing trauma of the worst kind to their kin, writes Banjot Kaur Bhatia after meeting a few of them.PATNA: Devendra Singh's ambition was to become a teacher. Now 58, the Delhi resident regrets that he as a teenager also developed passion for something else called gutka. While he pursued his studies to finally land a teacher's job in a Kendriya Vidyalaya, he also ended up as a patient of larynx cancer due to the gutka that he consumed for about 12 years since he was 19. Though he has won the battle with cancer, he now speaks like a robot. For, doctors have removed the cancer-afflicted 'sound box' and fixed in the trachea an artificial device which produces mechanized, shriller sound causing much discomfort to him.\"When I fell ill and my illness was diagnosed as cancer, it came as a shock to me. However, the bigger trauma is that I have lost my voice which was my identity,\" the KV vice-principal said and added, \"Every morning when I wake up, the thought that I exhausted all my lifetime savings on my treatment makes me feel as if I have committed a crime against my family.\"Singh narrated his tragic tale and made a passionate plea to one and all to shun tobacco while speaking at a national meet against tobacco consumption, organized in Delhi recently by Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health (JHSPH), Baltimore (US), in collaboration with India's Union ministry of health.Smoking kills, they say. Though it has not killed Muzaffarnagar's Amit Baliyaan, it has certainly ended the career of this 27-year-old who once dreamt of becoming Sachin Tendulkar. Smoking and chewing tobacco for four years cost him his gums while his tongue developed blisters. Instead of field, he landed in a Mumbai hospital where he underwent radiotherapy and then in a Delhi hospital for follow-up sessions - all together involving a cost of around Rs 6 lakh. Also, Amit has given up hopes of a career in cricket and is now pursuing Bachelor of physical education.Back home in Bihar, 43-year-old Girdhari Agrawal's is another case in point. As a worker in a lubricant firm, he earned Rs 3,500 per month which was hardly enough for his family, including three young daughters. The Chhapra native is today burdened with huge loans which he took for treatment of the cancer that was caused to his mouth by the 'zarda' he consumed with betel for over two years.It was in fact a small mouth ulcer that developed into cancer and made him make rounds of Chhapra and Patna doctors. Finally he was referred to Mumbai for a treatment that has already cost him Rs 5 lakh and the saga is yet to end because he has to visit Mumbai every six months for follow-up sessions. \"Saari salary to ek taraf ke rail bhaare mein hi chali jaati hai (My entire salary buys me only one-way ticket),\" he said. That apart, he has to live with a deformed mouth throughout his life.Dilip Kumar's is also an equally tragic tale. This Biharsharif resident had been a 'khaini' addict since he was 15. At 25, half of his tongue had to be surgically removed.Today 38, Kumar's case is a perfect example of how much of trauma tobacco can cause to a family. Dilip was diagnosed with oral cancer soon after the birth of his first child, a daughter. The little thing has had to be left with his wife's parents as the young couple travelled to Patna and Mumbai most of the time for Kumar's treatment. \"Separation from child is never a happy option for any mother. But my husband needed me more,\" the distraught wife said, tears welling up in her eyes, on behalf of her husband as he cannot speak properly.Kumar's plywood business is completely ruined. \"With our near and dear ones refusing to help on the pretext that it was a self-invited trouble, taking loan was the only option,\" his wife said.According to Global Adults Tobacco Survey of 2010, while 34.6% people in India use tobacco in smoke or smokeless form, this figure in Bihar is as high as 53.5%. Speaking to TOI over phone, Voice of Tobacco Victims (VOTV)'s founder and noted oncologist Dr Pankaj Chaturvedi of Mumbai's Tata Memorial Hospital said, \"Once someone starts taking tobacco, the cessation is difficult. So the argument of tobacco companies that consuming it is a matter of personal choice is a complete hoax because the user becomes a prisoner of this habit.\" He wondered how policymakers could allow the sale of product on one pretext or the other which is proven carcinogenic.According to Dr Mahima Singh, head of chemotherapy unit at Mahavir Cancer Sansthan-Patna, if one tobacco user develops cancer and another tobacco user doesn't, the explanation lies in the immune system of the person concerned. \"One may develop cancer within six months of tobacco consumption, someone else within 10 years and still others may never,\" she said.( The writer was in Delhi recently to attend a workshop on tobacco control organized by JHSPH .)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "17331261", "title": "Mormugao civic body to get Rs 7.28 crore", "text": "VASCO: Deputy chief minister and urban development minister Francis D'Souza visited the Mormugao municipality on Thursday evening.D'Souza met the public and heard their grievances. He, earlier, inspected the Vaddem lake and Vasco market which are among proposed upgradation projects of the government. The public raised issues like illegal stalls on pavements and licences being issued to illegal chicken centers.D'Souza told mediapersons that MMC was sanctioned 1.73 crore as development grants, 1.75 crore as octroi, and 3.8 crore for door-to-door waste collection. An amount of about 7.28 crore will be further sanctioned to it, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17332061", "title": "'Teachers need to have a sense of belonging &amp; responsibility'", "text": "Known to be a disciplinarian, Anand Bhushan , the chairperson of Jharkhand Academic Council (JAC), was offered several posts such as that of the principal of Ranchi College and pro vice chancellor of Ranchi University before he took this up. In a freewheeling chat with Kelly Kislaya, Bhushan talks about the education system of the state, in general, and his plans for JAC, in particular. Following are excerpts from the interview...Q: You are in a position to spearhead a lot of innovation within the existing format of JAC. Is there anything on the anvil?A: I cannot bring about radical changes all at once. It will take some time for change to be initiated and embraced. After coming to JAC, I noticed that students were facing some difficulties in examinations so I changed the question paper and marking pattern making it similar to that of CBSE board. Next year onward, students will have to use OMR sheets for their practical examinations. This will enable the declaration of results within a day or two as opposed to a month.Q: You have started the system of online registration for matriculation and intermediate examination, but a vast majority of students here are still not computer savvy. How helpful will online registration be in such a scenario?We have kept the option of both online and offline registration. The forms will be available online. If the students spot any mistake in the form, they can approach their school principal who can do the corrections online on their behalf. This way the students will not have to visit JAC for every small thing.Q: People do not want to get enrolled in the state board schools. Where does the problem lie?You should ask this question to the teachers teaching in government schools. Our job is to conduct examinations and we are following the CBSE pattern which is the most popular amongst students.Q: Where according to you is the lacuna in education system of Jharkhand?All that is needed in Jharkhand is a sense of belonging and responsibility among the teachers. They should treat the students as their own children.Q: What else ae you planning for JAC?I am planning to strengthen the surveillance system of JAC. I am not doing this because people don't work but only to maintain transparency and make the system more efficient. After all, you cannot win a battle with demoralized soldiers.Q: Should surveillance be made mandatory in schools and colleges too?Yes, I have spoken about this to the HRD minister and have asked him to install cameras in evaluation centres and classrooms of schools and colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17329701", "title": "Offensive posters against Yashwant Sinha come up near BJP HQ", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after the hanging of Ajmal Kasab pushed him into the background, zealous supporters of BJP chief Nitin Gadkari brought him back into focus by launching a poster campaign against senior party leader Yashwant Sinha .Posters surfaced on Thursday near BJP's headquarters on Ashoka Road leveling allegations of scam and betrayal against Sinha who had on Tuesday issued a statement demanding Gadkari's resignation in the light of allegations of dubious sources of funding of Purti group.BJP spokesperson Shahnawaz Hussain issued a statement condemning the posters which appeared to further fuel the controversy surrounding Gadkari which many feel has turned into a political liability at a time when the party wants to confront Congress over corruption. Sinha was uncowed and said he was ready for a duel with those behind the campaign.\"I wish those who are responsible for putting up these defamatory posters identified themselves so that we could start a debate,\" an agency report quoted him as saying.In his statement, Sinha had argued that whether the charges against Gadkari have been proved or not, those in public life should be above reproach.Although Sinha was seen by many as articulating the simmering discontent, the party, anxious to put a lid on the Gadkari affair, issued a statement asking him not to wash organizational linen in public.The offensive poster confirmed the apprehension that allegations against him may have dented the capability of the BJP chief to take the party along. Before Sinha went public with his reservations, two other members of the party's national executive -- Mahesh Jethmalani and Jagdish Shettigar -- had demanded Gadkari's resignation.The churn in the party belies the estimate of Gadkari's supporters that a testimonial from Sangh ideologue S Gurumurthy will cap the controversy about his business activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "17330245", "title": "7-year-old loses genitals after circumcision, fighting for life", "text": "ALWAR: A seven-year-old boy is battling for life after a circumcision surgery went horribly wrong at a private hospital in Alwar on Thursday. The boy's genitals had to be cut off in an attempt to save his life, said sources. An FIR has been lodged against the hospital authorities after the relatives of the boy created a ruckus.The boy, Imran, was admitted to Sania hospital in Alwar town on November 10 for circumcision. According to sources, after the operation, some equipment was used to prevent bleeding. However, electric current accidentally passed into his private parts and the boy suffered serious injury. On November 13, the boy was referred to a private hospital in Jaipur. After investigating the case, the doctors in Jaipur advised the boy's relatives to remove his genitals as it was necessary to save his life. The operation was conducted and his genitals were removed. Three days after the operation, the boy was again admitted to Sania hospital in Alwar.The boy is now fighting for life while his relatives are protesting outside the hospital in Alwar.Imran's grandfather Ayub Khan said: \"The circumcision was carried out by Dr Tayyab Khan, a physician at Sania Hospital. He is not a surgeon. The licence of the hospital should be cancelled for carelessness.\"Imran's uncle Fakruddin Khan said that the operation was to be completed in just 30 minutes but the doctors took four hours. \"Two days after the circumcision, the doctors advised us to take the boy to Jaipur. When we took the boy to Jaipur, the doctors there immediately informed us that the boy's private parts were completely damaged and his genitals had to be removed. After operation, we tried to admit the boy in different hospitals but no hospital admitted him. The last option for us was Sania hospital. So we brought him here back after his genitals were removed in Jaipur.\"However, denying the allegation, Dr Tayyab Khan said the circumcision was carried out by a surgeon Hariram Gupta. He said it was just an accident.Former minister Nasru Khan also reached the spot to calm down the situation but all his efforts went in vain. Nasru Khan and the protestors were involved in a heated argument at the spot. The protestors alleged that he was taking the side of the hospital.The hospital administration assured the relatives of the boy that the hospital would bear the expenses of the boy's treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "vadodara/anand", "code": "17331841", "title": "Charotar no longer safe bet for Cong", "text": "VADODARA/ANAND: The Charotar heartland of Gujarat will be no longer be a cakewalk for Congress. The NRI-belt of Central Gujarat, once considered the safest gamble for Congress, is expected to give a tough time to Congressmen in the assembly elections.After the 2007 assembly elections, Congress had an upper hand in Anand district with four out of eight assembly constituencies with the party and one going in favour of the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP). But the delimitation has changed the contours of almost all the assembly constituencies.While two constituencies - Bhadran and Sarsa - being eliminated, a new assembly constituency - Anklav - has been carved out, reducing the total assembly seats from eight to seven in the district.Of the 52 candidates that the Congress released in the first list, four candidates have been repeated in Anand.Three sitting MLAs - Amit Chavda from Borsad, Rajendrasinh Parmar from Bhadran and Niranjan Patel from Petlad - have been repeated as party candidates while Sandipsinh Chudasama who had lost the polls last time has been given another chance at the Khambhat seat.But in the jugglery to accommodate everybody, Chavda, the two times MLA, who was so far playing on the home turf - Borsad - is having a tough time at the newly carved Anklav constituency which includes 26 villages of Borsad, six villages of Bhadran and 16 villages of erstwhile Sarsa assembly constituencies.Parmar, Bhadran's two times MLA, too is struggling to make his presence felt at the Borsad seat. After the delimitation, 43 villages from erstwhile Bhadran constituency have been included in Borsad but 26 villages have also been eliminated.The twin constituencies of Borsad and Bhadran from where Madhavsinh Solanki once rose to become Gujarat's chief minister, are traditional Congress bastions. Even in the 2002 post-Godhra wave, the two seats had remained with the Congress while Anand, Sojitra, Petlad, Sarsa, Umreth and Khambhat had moved to the saffron fold.For the Congress, this time another bone of contention is the Umreth assembly constituency which after delimitation includes eight villages from erstwhile Sarsa constituency. Here state NCP chief and Sarsa MLA Jayant Patel alias Boskey has laid his claim to contest making the camp led by Congress' sitting MLA Lalsinh Vadodia jittery.Meanwhile, the party has already started facing rebellion. On Thursday, two Kshatriya leaders Dhulabhai Solanki and Jesinh Parmar from Petlad submitted their resignations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17331429", "title": "Six T-Cong MPs boycott Lok Sabha", "text": "NEW DELHI: Defying the directive issued by the party, six Congress MPs from Telangana boycotted the Parliamentary proceedings on Thursday, the first day of the winter session, and staged a protest in support of their demand for a separate state.The Congress had asked its MPs to be present in the House on the grounds that important business was scheduled to come up for discussion. However, demanding introduction of Telangana bill in House, MPs Manda Jagannadham , Madhu Yaskhi Goud, Gutha Sukhender Reddy, Ponnam Prabhakar, G Vivekananda and S Rajaiah boycotted the proceedings and staged a dharna at the entrance of the Parliament House.The MPs displayed placards carrying slogans 'Delay is the denial of Telangana' , 'The delay caused the death of 600 youths' , etc. The Congress, however, ignored the dharna. No emissary came forward to persuade the MPs to attend the House. Only RJD president Lalu Prasad Yadav walked up to the Telangana MPs and expressed his solidarity .The MPs are said to be aware that the party high command is cool to their demand, but still wanted to stage a vocal protest before deciding their next course of action, which could include quitting the party and floating their own forum .\"We will continue to defy the whip including with reference to any no-confidence motion that could come up in Parliament until the Congress makes a positive statement on Telangana ,\" Nagarkurnool MP Manda Jagannadham said. \"If necessary, we would enter the House and disrupt the proceedings,\" he added.Expressing displeasure at the inordinate delay on the part of the Congress in taking a decision on Telangana , Jagannadham said that the very survival of the party in the region is at stake in view of its dillydallying .He accused the party of getting influenced by Seemandhra leaders, unmindful of the damage being done to the party in Telangana .People in Telangana would not be satisfied with ministerial berths and packages, he said.\"Nothing short of a separate state will save the party in the region. Once it becomes clear that the Congress is backing out on its promise, the party will disappear from the region,\" he cautioned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "17332116", "title": "Gumla farmers count on bumper paddy yield", "text": "GUMLA: Gumla is expecting a bumper paddy harvest this year like the previous year. With the district seeing a good paddy harvest to far joyous farmers have started thrashing the crop along with their family members on the traditional thrashing floors. \"I had sowed a hybrid variety of paddy seed in a two-acre plot of land this year and expect over 40 quintals of yield. Like last season, we expects a bumper paddy harvest in our area this year too,\" said Kelya Oraon of Gunia village.Bhuka Oraon , another farmer, said: \"Now we'll have to engage ourselves in harvesting and thrashing the crop for a longer period. Fortunately, the monsoon was also more or less favourable this year.'' The village life has now become brisk with the farmers busing themselves in preparing to store the yield. \"It is the time for hard work as we have to get up in wee hours to arrange the crop for thrashing with help of cattle and keep ourselves busy till evening in storing the crop inside the house. Despite this we find pleasure in the work due to the abundant produce,\" Buddheshwar Oraon of Basua village said.Last year the district's paddy yield was around 3 lakh metric tonne. The yield this time would be around the same despite area of paddy cultivation was 15% less than last season, said district agriculture officer DK Manjhi.Last season a total of 18,000 hectare of land was covered by paddy cultivation, he said. However, the total production will be almost like last year's figure as the yield in down land is very promising this time and farmers have used hybrid and high-yield varieties in their fields. The agriculture department will also start crop cutting in all blocks of the district to assess the per acre productivity while some seed companies too have organized the same exercise to gauge the productivity of their seeds, Manjhi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17331171", "title": "Bar owner assaulted", "text": "PANAJI: Baga-resident Ramesh Chireshiri, filed a complaint with Calangute police that Guru Simepurushker, a resident of Calangute, trespassed into his bar and restaurant at Baga, slapped him after threatening him and also abused him and his workers. Police have registered a case under IPC Sections 323 and 506(ii) and are investigating.Davorlim trio held for assault: Maina Curtorim police on Thursday arrested Mehboob Shah Mulla, Krishna Bala Bille and Pritesh Prakash Naik, all residents of Zoriwado, Davorlim, on charges of assaulting Armando Rebello and Johnson Miranda. Police sources said the incident occurred on Wednesday over a petty issue. The accused hit the two with a broken glass bottle causing them head injuries. A car belonging to one of them was also damaged.Stolen goods found in toilet: Computer accessories stolen from Vikas High School, Valpem, Virnoda (Pernem taluka) were recovered on Wednesday. Police sources said they were found dumped in the toilet by some staffers. The headmaster had complained that unknown persons had entered the school by breaking the lock of the KG class, between November 18 and 19, and had stolen a CPU, mouse and 25 CDs, all worth 12,000.3 get conditional anticipatory bail : The sessions court at Panaji on Thursday granted conditional anticipatory bail to Vikrant Karapurkar, Megashyam Shirodkar and Amit Shirodkar accused of assaulting Rajaram Raulu Naik, 63, at the gram sabha of the Shiroda village panchayat on November 11. The three men have been asked to report to the Ponda police station for the next four days. While they were booked for attempt to murder along with Ramchandra Naik, only Ramchandra was arrested after the incident, even as the trio moved anticipatory bail pleas on November 12. The accused allegedly assaulted Rajaram with fisticuffs and the senior citizen lost two teeth in the sudden attack. He was allegedly attacked for asking a question during the gram sabha.Power shutdownAgassaim (Nov 23): Between 9am and 2pm. Areas to be affected are Malwara, Agassaim market, Grand Mercurem, ice plant, Eloy building, Dandi, Padri Bhat, Dexibhat, police station, Konkan Railway T/C, part of Pilar and vicinity.Paliem/Keri (Nov 24): Between 9am and 2pm. All areas under the jurisdiction of the Paliem and Keri village panchayats will be affected.Mapusa (Nov 25): Between 9am and 2pm. Areas to be affected are Ekatanagar, Kamat Gardens, Ansabhat, Poornima, Ximer, Garden Centre, Sathya Heera, market and vicinity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "dhenkanal", "code": "17332901", "title": "Mob torches trucks after girl's death", "text": "DHENKANAL: Tension ran high at Kurumitha village in Dhenkanal district's Hindol police station area, around 60 km from here, on Thursday following the death of a local college student. A mob set fire to five trucks and blocked a road for five hours demanding arrest of the errant driver and compensation to the family of the deceased.The incident took place when Chinmayee Samal, a first year Plus II student of Purunakot Anchalika Mahavidyalaya was returning home after attending a computer class in Mahidharapur. The truck hit her from behind and she died on the spot.After news of her death spread in the area, hundreds of locals and college students gathered at the spot and set fire to the trucks one by one. Though fire tenders reached the spot, they could not control the fire. All the vehicles were completely gutted.The mob then blocked the old Cuttack-Sambalpur road for hours demanding an ex-gratia of Rs 5 lakh to the family of the deceased and immediate arrest of the driver. Two drivers were detained by villagers for three to four hours. Police rescued them later, sources said.Officials from the district administration reached the spot and pacified the people. They assured them of paying compensation to the girl's family and arresting the driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17331055", "title": "Dempo spit fire, accuse AIFF of bias", "text": "PANAJI: Dempo Sports Club have accused the All India Football Federation of unfairly singling out their influential player, Climax Lawrence, for harsh treatment.Climax has been handed a two-match ban by the AIFF after he was found guilty of \"offensive behaviour\" during the fracas that ensued during Dempo's I-League clash against East Bengal at the Salt Lake stadium in Kolkata early this month. Climax was suspended without a disciplinary hearing.\"It is natural to react to the player suspension with an overwhelming feeling that our player, and thereby our team, is being unfairly singled out for harsh treatment,\" Dempo secretary Armando Colaco wrote in a four-page letter to I-League CEO Sunando Dhar on Thursday.Armando said, apart from, and irrespective of the erroneous and unauthorised decision taken to suspend Climax, there was no answer why there had been an inordinate delay of 16 days for the action.\"You would appreciate that for a matter such as this, any delay in such matters prompts the speculation about interests other than official or sports-worthy governing the decision,\" said the Dempo secretary.Dempo pointed out how the AIFF had turned a blind eye to several similar infringements in the I-League. The first example the club cited was the behaviour of Pune FC players who \"pugnaciously accosted the match referee following which the referee had to be cordoned off for his safety\" in their home clash against Churchill Brothers. Next Dempo have turned the AIFF's attention to Roberto Silva (Beto) and Steven Dias' behaviour in the opening match at Fatorda besides Baichung Bhutia's \"verbal violence and physical aggression.\"Dempo have also questioned the timing of the suspension especially since Climax will be missing the crucial clash against Mohun Bagan on November 28.\"The circumstances have given rise to the unfortunate impression that the punishment is being sought to be awarded with motives other than playing discipline in mind.\"Is it not fair to reason so in the light of the fact that one of the next two matches at which you oblige the player to sit out is a crucial one for the club, and that the absence of its key player is likely to influencie its course and result,\" asked the Dempo secretary.Dempo have reserved the right to appeal the decision \"under Section 9 Clause 54 Sub-clauses (a), (b) and (c) of the Disciplinary Laws and Procedures of the AIFF, together with Clause 51 relating to arbitration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "17332904", "title": "Sabyasachi's errand man surrenders", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Two Maoists, one of them the errand man of Red leader Sabyasachi Panda, surrendered before SP (Ganjam) Ashish Singh at Chhatrapur on Thursday. They are Samasan Mallick (25) alias Dedy and his associate Aruan Sonamaji (22) of Dahu and Gaheju villages respectively within Kandhamal's Bramahanigon police limits. A police officer said both voluntarily surrendered, disgusted with the Maoist organization.With these surrenders, three Maoists have left the rebels and five were arrested since the November 14 encounter at Bhaliaguda in Gajapati district that had claimed five lives. Police said Samsan had come home from the Maoist camp before the encounter and did not want to return after he came to know that five Red rebels had been killed in the encounter. He knew the deceased, the police officer said quoting Samsan.\"We have some information about extremists operating in the area because Samasan was working as the personal courier of Sabyasachi Panda. These will help police in anti-Maoist operations,\" SP said. He said the number of members in Panda's camp has increased from 14 to 27 recently, while the Maoist leader is now engaged in increasing his base by involving new persons, police said.Samasan was working as a contractor in his area in 2008 when he was picked up by the Red rebels. They took him to a Maoist camp in Jirakua forest where Sabayasachi and his associates were present. Sabaysachi had asked him to give Rs one lakh and Samsan had done so accordingly, police said quoting him. He was also paid Rs 2 lakh to him from one of his uncles, who is also a contractor, police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17333146", "title": "Jago is a form of new revolution", "text": "The release of 'Jago' comes amidst calls of a new revolution in Panjab to free us from the shackles of slavery, injustice and a leadership who no longer represent the views of the masses. 'Jago' explores the remarkable glories of Sikhs past and present who successfully gained justice through the only means they were forced with embracing.'Jago' also touches upon many of the current issues affecting the people of Panjab and aims to awaken and inspire even more listeners into joining the sea of saffron that is currently mobilising worldwide in seeking change and justice in Panjab and India.The album 'Jago' aims to take the listener back to the roots of the first 'Shaheedi' album, an album full of piercing and powerful lyrics coupled with heavy baselines.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17328991", "title": "HC sets free 2 Delhi blast accused on death row", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi High Court on Thursday set free two men facing death row for the 1996 Lajpat Nagar market blast, saying the Delhi Police had failed to furnish even the \"minimum standards of proof\" in the case.A trial court had awarded death to three persons and sentence another to a life term for carrying out the blast in which 13 people had died and 38 were injured.An HC division bench comprising Justices S Ravindra Bhat and G P Mittal, however, tore apart the police story, saying the probe was \"inefficient\", \"casual\" and \"slipshod\". The bench added that the trial court had \"glossed over\" these deficiencies while sentencing the accused.The court acquitted Mirza Nissar Hussain and Mohd Ali Bhatt alias Kille, both arrested soon after the blast in 1996. The two were dubbed militants of the Jammu and Kashmir Islamic Front (JKIF) and awarded the death sentence by the trial court.The high court also upturned the death penalty for another accused, Mohd Naushad, converting it to a life term. It, however, upheld the life sentence given to Javed Ahmad Khan alias Chotta Javed.\"In grave and serious crimes, which undermine the safety of citizens and pose a threat to the well-being of society, where the prosecution alleges some individuals to be accused, it has a duty to ensure that minimum standards of proof required in a criminal trial are satisfied,\" the bench noted, chiding the prosecution and the police.It further reminded the police that the \"flaw is not in the law but in its understanding and implementation by the police force\". It pointed out that \"such weaknesses and lapses\" result in the state complaining that courts insist on an impossible standard of proof.\"In matters of liberty, the weakness of the state surely can't be an excuse for lowering time-tested standards, especially in serious crimes where the accused stands to forfeit their life,\" the bench added.In its 232-page judgment the court virtually conducted a retrial, painstakingly pouring over the entire evidence including statements, witness testimonies, disclosures, exhibits etc to conclude the probe was shoddy and riddled with glaring inconsistencies. It flagged the \"grave lapses\" of the police and the prosecution such as lack of proof connecting some of the accused with the bombing, failure to hold TIP of articles and the accused, as well as the places where the articles were obtained.Questioning the nature of the evidence produced by the police, the court wondered why the statement of vital witnesses wasn't recorded or why a conduit, who allegedly supplied arms in the case, was not arrested. It said this underlines \"not only lapses and inefficiencies, but also throws a question mark on the nature and truthfulness of the evidence produced\".The judges were unsparing in their criticism of the police citing the complete absence of any daily diary (DD) entries to corroborate the movement of the police, inability to collect easily available documents like authenticated copies of the reservation chart or provide details to prove telephone calls were made. All this, HC said, betrays a \"slipshod approach\".HC found the prosecution's lackadaisical attitude was reflected in the manner in which a junior prosecutor was fielded in the death reference when it is the standing counsel for the Delhi Police who appears in such cases.\"This court recollects that in death references where the state seeks confirmation of sentence, it is the duty of the standing counsel to open the case. Having regard to the gravity and public importance of these matters these cases deserve no less. The casual approach in the conduct of these appeals and references in the initial stages of hearing has to be underlined,\" it noted in dismay.A trial court had in April 2010 awarded death sentence to Mohd Naushad, Mohd Ali Bhatt and Mirza Nissar Hussain while their fourth accomplice Javed Ahmed Khan was sentenced to life imprisonment.Other two convicts, Farooq Ahmed Khan and his woman accomplice, Farida Dar, were held guilty for offences under the Explosive Substances Act and the Arms Act, were sentenced to jail terms of seven years and four years and two months, respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17333098", "title": "Indian teens spend 86% time on Facebook daily: Survey", "text": "NEW DELHI: Indian teens spend 86 per cent of their time daily on Facebook followed by 54 per cent on Twitter, a survey by McAfee today said.\"On a daily basis, the surveyed Indian teens spend 86 per cent of their time on Facebook followed by 54 per cent time on Twitter,\" McAfee's 'Secret Lives of Teens' survey said.It added that 97 per cent of teens have access to social network, while there is a growing digital divide between teens and their parents. The survey showed that 70 per cent of the teens responded that they should not reveal their address on the interest, but 40 per cent did it anyway. On the other hand, 21 per cent parents polled by McAfee believed that the teenagers would do so.\"This divide is attributed to the fact that Indian teens are growing up as digital natives, with increasingly active online lives but lack of parental assistance,\" the survey said.The research commissioned by McAfee was carried out in seven cities -- Mumbai, Delhi, Bangalore, Hyderabad, Kolkata, Pune and Chennai comprising a sample size of 757 teenagers and 750 parents.\"Close to half of surveyed teens (45 per cent) are now using their smartphones for internet access. On an average, they open an account at the age of 13,\" it said.The survey said there is an evident discrepancy between parental perception and actual reality regarding the online activities of the teenagers.\"...while parental concerns prevail, teens do end up sharing more dangerous information online, contrary to their parents belief,\" the survey said.It added 89 per cent teens believe social network is safe whereas parents are less believing at 71 per cent.20 per cent of the surveyed teens revealed they access porn/nudity online willingly several times a day, while 32 per cent parents think teens willingly access it only a few times a year.\"It's very challenging for parents to educate their technology savvy children. We hope this study provides Indian parents with some key insights and learning's on how to protect their children online,\" McAfee Consumer Marketing Director (APAC) Melanie Duca told reporters here.The survey said 38 per cent teens have witnessed cruel behaviour online, whereas only 16 per cent parents are aware of this. 87 per cent of this behaviour has been noticed on Facebook, 31 per cent on Twitter and 23 per cent on email by teens. McAfee also revealed 70% of the polled parents completely trust their teens to tell them everything they do online, while 58% polled teens strongly believe that they know how to hide their online activities from their parents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17328775", "title": "'Colleges illegally conducting ME/ MTech classes in evening'", "text": "NAGPUR: The controversy surrounding illegal admissions by the city's engineering colleges coming under Nagpur University doesn't seem to end. NU sources revealed that some colleges have not only flouted norms by illegally admitting students into in ME/ MTech courses even before getting affiliation from NU, but also conducting classes in the evening despite the fact that part time ME/ MTech was banned by the AICTE.Sources said that a majority of these colleges had admitted students who were working in different companies or have their own enterprise. Since such students were not able to attend full-time classes, these colleges conduct their lectures in the evening from 7pm onwards making a complete mockery of rules and regulations.Surprisingly, none of the Academic Council members opposed the decision to grant affiliation and approve the syllabus and scheme of exam of MTech (Computer Aided Design Manufacture and Automation) course that was not even on the agenda of their emergent meet of November 7. Sources said that there were about 10 colleges running this course and they had already admitted students, although illegally, in July itself. Fees ranging from Rs 1 lakh onwards along with donations were charged from them. Both pro-VC Mahesh Yenkie and Controller of examinations (CoE) Vilas Ramteke refused to comment on this particular issue.Former engineering dean Dinesh Agrawal blasted the colleges for indulging in such illegalities for raking in the moolah, and also the NU administration for shielding such colleges instead of taking action against them. \"The AICTE had completely stopped part time BE/ BTech and ME/ MTech courses long back. But some colleges indulged in conducting classes in the evening as they admit students who are in jobs.\"He also blamed the students for taking admissions in such colleges. \"Such students should pursue education as sponsored candidates from their respective companies instead of indulging in such illegalities,\" Agrawal, also a Management Council member told TOI.NU administration is already facing all-round criticism by first granting affiliation to ME/ MTech courses of various private colleges, mostly run by politicians and education barons, as late as on October 30. Unfortunately, all these colleges had already admitted the students although illegally, breaching Section 83(6) of Maharashtra Universities Act, 1994, which prohibits such admissions before affiliation. As if it was not enough, politicians controlling these colleges reportedly forced NU to defer its exams to accommodate their illegally-admitted students.Agrawal had already written a letter to chancellor K Sankaranarayanan and AICTE chairman SS Mantha seeking a high-level inquiry into the entire affair. He claimed that NU violated Ordinance No. 2 and Ordinance No. 6 by granting permission to start ME/ MTech courses, four months after the commencement of academic session. He warned that if action was not taken, he would request the chancellor to invoke his jurisdiction vested with him under Section 12 (13)(D-1) of the Act, which provides for VC's removal for intentional and deliberate breach of provisions of the Act, statutes, ordinances, rules and regulations of the university.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17330416", "title": "Opposition trains guns on CM Akhilesh Yadav, government", "text": "LUCKNOW: With Bahujan Samaj Party supremo Mayawati demanding the dismissal of the Akhilesh Yadav government and imposition of the President's rule in the state, other opposition parties also clamouring to crack a whip against the government, the winter session of the UP assembly beginning from Friday seems to be a stormy one. The aggressive posture adopted by Mayawati a day before the session on Wednesday in her statement, has emboldened her party legislators here to take on the government in the House. Mincing no words in denouncing the government, Mayawati had recently said that the situation had come to a pass in which UP had now become a 'Crime Pradesh'.Rebutting her criticism vehemently, the Samajwadi Party general secretary Ram Gopal Yadav said that nothing more could be expected from Mayawati.However, this does not make a strong defence of the government, as the government has been on the receiving end, with nearly half-a-dozen communal clashes taking place in the state ever since the Akhilesh Yadav government took over on March 15. The state has so far witnessed as many as half a dozen communal clashes in Ayodhya (Faizabad), Pratapgarh, Bareilly, Ghaziabad and Lucknow.What is disturbing is that these clashes had occurred one after another in a quick succession and this proved the failure of the state intelligence department as well as that of the local administration. So, the law and order situation has emerged a weak point of the government which is a sure cause of worry for it in the upcoming session.While the BSP's tone and tenor is clear after Mayawati's aggressive stance, the view of the Congress and the BJP is no different, and both the parties have also decided to corner the government over various issues, particularly the law and order. Thus by all means, the issue has come as ammunition for the opposition. Apart from this, the other issues likely to be raised prominently are related to poor power scenario and delay in declaring support price of sugarcane. Opposition parties, including BSP, BJP, Congress and RLD are also preparing to put the government on the mat on issues pertaining to farmers, though they feel that the brief session would not allow them enough time to raise issues of people's interest.\"The four-day winter session is a mere formality as the majority of time would go in government business, but whatever time it gets, the opposition would grill the government on people's issues,\" leader of opposition and BSP leader Swami Prasad Maurya said.BJP legislature party leader Hukum Singh claimed that law and order situation has deteriorated and the past eight months of SP rule has witnessed some eight cases of communal clashes in the state. \"Besides, the government, which claims itself to be the saviour of farmers is in fact betraying them and BJP would raise all these issues in the house,\" Singh said, and alleged that had there not been the constitutional obligation of getting the supplementary budget passed and convene the house within an interval of six months, the government would not have done so.Congress legislature party leader, Pradeep Mathur said that his party would adopt an aggressive posture while raising issues such as law and order, prevailing inspector raj, delay in announcing sugarcane support price and non-implementation of chief minister's promises and announcements.\"Besides communal clashes, there have been a number of rape, loot and murder cases in the past eight months,\" Mathur said and added that the honeymoon period of the government is now over and the young chief minister has to show his work on the ground now. \"But it has not yet been seen, may be, because there are multiple power centres in the government,\" he said.RLD leader Dalbir Singh said that his party would prominently take up delay in declaration of sugarcane support price even though the crushing season in most of the sugar mills has got underway in October itself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17328992", "title": "Indo-Nepal meet on Gandak and Kosi projects to begin on November 27", "text": "PATNA: Officials of India and Nepal would hold a two-day conclave in Katmandu beginning November 27 to have a detailed discussions on matters related to the Gandak and Kosi irrigation projects with eye on amicable resolution of all their standing problems related to the two projects.Officials of India and Nepal would hold a two-day conclave in Katmandu beginning November 27 to have a detailed discussions on matters related to the Gandak and Kosi irrigation projects with eye on amicable resolution of all their standing problems related to the two projects.Their concerns would chiefly be about the irrigation projects related to the two rivers that originate in Nepal and end in the river Ganga after meandering through the flood-prone north Bihar plains. However, the matters related to other such rivers could also crop up during the two-day discussion veering around the mutual advantage of India and Nepal, depending on the mutual agreement of the participants, said sources in Bihar water resources department (WRD).While participants at the conclave would be from Nepal's water resources ministry, besides Central Water Commission (CWC) and Ganga Flood Control Commission (GFCC) from the Indian side, as well as senior officials and engineers of the Bihar WRD.Senior officials and engineers of state WRD, who would leave for Katmandu on November 26, include department's principal secretary S K Negi, engineer-in-chief (north) Debi Rajak, superintending engineer (planning and monitoring, circle-IV) and executive engineer of the department's flood control cell, among others. Notable among other participants from the Bihar side would be DMs of West Champaran and Supaul districts, as well as chief engineers Valmikinagar and Darbhanga.\"The participants would mainly discuss international matters related to the Gandak and Kosi projects. Obviously, they would assess the progress of the on-going modernization, extension and renovation (MER) work with regard to the two projects, apart from taking a synoptic view of the works which have to follow soon after the completion of the phase-I of MER work,\" said a Bihar WRD official.While the government of India meets the major cost of MER work with clearance from the CWC and the Planning Commission, the executing agency for the mega projects such as those related to the civil works, renovation of canal and distribution network and modernization of equipment at the Kosi and Gandak barrage, is WRD of Bihar.Under the MER work related to Eastern Kosi Canal System, not only the East Kosi Canal Network has to be renovated, but also an airport has to be constructed at Birpur in Supaul district, over and above the civil works related to departmental buildings and modernization of the Birpur barrage itself. Similarly, MER of the Eastern Gandak Canal Network, including implementation of the Nepal Benefit Scheme, is also been going on. As per the directive of the Planning Commission, the phase-I work of both the Gandak and Kosi projects have to be completed by March 31 next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17331101", "title": "Hospital cites poor English, sacks Indian radiographer", "text": "LONDON: An Indian radiographer has been sacked from his job at a UK cancer hospital after six years following a string of complaints that he could not speak clear English, a charge which he termed \"cooked up\".Ramani Ramaswany was dismissed from The Christie hospital, in Manchester, and suspended from the national radiography register for a year after complaints that he was unable to communicate effectively with patients and colleagues.The Health and Care Professions Council found that Ramaswamy had showed a \"lack of competence\" in a number of areas while working at The Christie , the Daily Mail reported.The panel heard that patients and staff had difficulty understanding him, with his command of English said to be getting worse despite extra English lessons after taking a job there. The committee heard that Ramaswamy was recruited from India as an experienced radiographer and started work in August 2005.Ramaswamy said that the sanctions were unfair and the allegations had been \"cooked up\", the report said.He said he had now retired and was not looking for work, adding, \"I previously worked in Malaysia and I was very well respected... The Christie said there were communication problems but I speak good English\" . When asked about failing to ask patients to empty their bladders before starting treatment he said, \"Maybe I missed it for one. I've never done harm to patients\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "muzaffarpur", "code": "17328509", "title": "Workers\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 contractor Jhingur Manjhi held", "text": "MUZAFFARPUR: Labour contractor Jhingur Manjhi, who had supplied workers to Mehsana, Gujarat from Taarsan village under Turki OP area to work in fields and factories there at the rate of Rs 4,000 per month there, was arrested by the Turki police on Thursday on charges of sending workers without ensuring their safety and payment.Manjhi had been made captive for more than 40 hours by angry villagers on Wednesday for illegal detention of all six workers of the village in Gujarat, resulting in the reported death of two workers. He was forwarded to jail following his production in the local court.The police have also raided the house of another contractor, Surendra Manjhi in Minapur area. The Sheohar police were also looking for the third contractor, Md Idris, who mostly live in Mehsana, Gujarat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17332805", "title": "'Yaan' progressing in Mumbai", "text": "Cameraman turned debut director Ravi K Chandran is bust with his directorial venture 'Yaan' starring Jiiva and Thulasi Nair. Jiiva will be seen in an ultra modern stylish avatar in the film which will be made in Tamil, Hindi and Telugu.Today, the puja shot of the film was done in Mumbai in the presence of the team.Ravi K Chandran tweeted \" YAAN puja shot done in Gokuldham temple @ Goregaon mumbai :-) May God bless all of us. Had a great costume makeup trial with @ThulasiN for YAAN ..she looked gorgeous in most of them:-)\"Radha's younger daughter Tulasi, who is making her debut with Mani Ratnam's ' Kadal ' is excited about both her films. She seems to be playing distinct roles in ' Kadal ' and ' Yaan '.She recently tweeted \"Woohoo sooo excited about Yaan its a completely different look &amp; role from that of Kadal ecstatic to do different genres for my 2 movies.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "17330176", "title": "Sarabjit's counsel slams Imran Khan", "text": "AMRITSAR: The counsel of Sarabjit Singh, the Indian prisoner on death row in Pakistan, Awais Sheikh, came out strongly against Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI), the party of former cricketer-turned-politician Imran Khan , for seeking the execution of Sarabjit Singh following the hanging of Ajmal Kasab.Sheikh said on phone from Lahore on Thursday that those calling for Sarabjit's execution are \"ignorant of his case and playing dirty politics\". During a demonstration in Multan on Thursday, PTI leader Naeemullah Khan slammed the Pakistan government for taking so long to hang Sarabjit and lauded the Indian judiciary for taking less than four years to execute Kasab.Criticising Pakistan president Asif Ali Zardari for being the biggest hurdle in executing terrorists on death row, Sheikh said there was no anger among the civil society of Pakistan against Sarabjit following Kasab's execution. \"Nobody gives importance to the PTI demand. Imran wouldn't win even win two seats in the elections,\" he said, pointing out that the former cricketer had not issued a statement on the issue.Political observers are of the view that Imran's party made the statement to seek the support of fundamental organizations in Pakistan for the elections. Meanwhile, even though Sarabjit's elder daughter Swapandeep Kaur was aware of the reports of the PTI leader demanding her father's execution, she did not comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17329914", "title": "Auto permit limit raised to 35,000", "text": "NEW DELHI: The transport department has decided to increase the number of permits being issued for three-wheeled scooter rickshaws from 10,000 to 35,000 in the first phase. Till date, about 5,400 permits have been issued under the new scheme of TSR permit.Said the government official, \"The response from the reserved category in the first phase has been poor and has yet not been utilized their quota as prescribed in the reservation rule. However, keeping in view the problem faced by the general category, the Delhi government has decided to enhance the limit immediately.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17331257", "title": "'Desilting of nullah a farce'", "text": "PANAJI: The issues of unhygienic living conditions of migrants near the Verna industrial estate, a dubious project of desilting a nullah and upgrading facilities at the football ground dominated the recent gram sabha of the Verna panchayat.The meeting chaired by sarpanch Lourecina Gama took up a host of issues, but a notable one was the alleged scam in desilting of about 2.5-km long nullah on the western side of the village by the previous panchayat body in 2011. The work was claimed to have been done within three weeks at a cost of approximately 22 lakh from funds provided by the science and technology department.\"The works were not carried out at all,\" members, who are also part of an NGO, Voice of the Villagers, alleged. The nullah passes through fields on either side. Removal and transportation of desilted material from the fields is not an easy task. How can the tender be floated and the work executed within three weeks, a villager asked. The matter had been put before the vigilance department, but villagers are not aware if any action has been initiated.Members said that the football ground, which only has a playing surface, should have other facilities and seating arrangement. The members also suggested that a new panchayat ghar be constructed adjacent to the ground, as the present one is housed in a small and old building.A section of the villagers are opposed to handing over the playground to the sports authority of Goa. As the discussion was inconclusive, the sarpanch has convened a special meeting on Sunday.The members also sought to know why no action has been initiated during the past two years against illegal structures housing migrants in the Mardol ward of the panchayat. The structures rented out to workers and their families do not have sanitation facilities.The health department had submitted a report on the lack of sanitation facilities, piles of garbage and miserable living conditions for the migrants. The report had raised concern that the waste and unsanitary conditions posed a health hazard.The sarpanch told members that she had contacted the health department and some panch members had already begun listing the migrants living in tenements in the village.The members unanimously passed a resolution supporting the demand for special status for Goa. The sarpanch also informed members that the fogging in some wards had been carried out and an awareness camp had been organized regarding garbage problems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17331402", "title": "Temple older than Charminar: Rightist", "text": "HYDERABAD: Trouble in the Old City of Hyderabad is all set to intensify with Hindu groups insisting - in what is a new assertion - that a temple existed at the site of the Charminar years before the monument came up. A modern day temple dedicated to Goddess Bhagyalakshmi may have come up in the 1980s but a stone idol was worshipped at the spot where the temple now abuts the Charminar for centuries , they claimed. \"A temple existed even before Charminar was built and although the present structure came up later, we are committed to the protection of the temple at any cost,\" Bhagwant Rao, head of the Bhagyalakshmi Temple Protection Samithi told TOI on Thursday. Hindu leaders say they have merely erected a bamboo structure and a tarpaulin canopy to give shelter to devotees from heat and cold, and it will stay that way.The local Muslims, mainly led by the Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen (MIM) Party have vehemently protested near the Charminar against this expansion of the Bhagyalakshmi temple, saying it was illegal and could damage the historic monument and needs to be pulled down.\"If the authorities do not step in and stop mischief mongers, we will simply have to use self-defence,\" Rao said.Political analysts and security experts apprehend that the area could see communal flare-ups increasing and possible clashes, if authorities do not step in and force the religious leaders to tone down. The police however perceive that the tension will only continue till December 6, anniversary of Babri Masjid demolition .In anticipation of trouble, the police are forcibly shutting down shops early in the evening and have intensified patrolling in the area. Raja Singh, TDP corporator often at the forefront of communal trouble has now initiated a Facebook campaign in favour of Bhagyalakshmi temple, describing it as an \"international issue\" . \"The Hindus of today are much more prepared and in spite of being outnumbered by Muslims in the area, they will fight to the end to save the temple,\" Singh said.Analysts say religious flare-ups over the Bhagyalakshmi temple at Charminar might play a major role leading up to the next assembly elections in 2014 as both Hindutva inclined formations and MIM could try to fan religious sentiments to woo voters. \"The temple has been there, whether for three decades or four centuries , but there was no confilict over it. Why has the matter been raked up now? The answer is obvious, \" said Ashok Kumar (name changed), a resident of the locality.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17328781", "title": "Panpaliya booked for molesting employee", "text": "NAGPUR: Kotwali police have booked Ghanshyam Panpaliya, chairman of the society that manages Nagpur College of Homeopathy and Hospital, Great Nag Road, for allegedly outraging the modesty of a married woman, who is an employee and also a political activist.He has also been charged with some other relevant offences.According to the victim, the incident took place on November 10, but the cops initially didn't take a complaint. However, the lady repeated her allegations and the cops conducted an enquiry, before they finally booked Panpaliya on Thursday evening.On November 10, the victim, who worked at the hospital, had gone for some official work at Panpaliya's chamber when he misbehaved with her. The victim alleged that earlier too Panpaliya has misbehaved with female interns, but hushed up the matter.Panpaliya already has 14 offences against him. The victim said Panpaliya had ordered an illegal departmental enquiry against her and was threatening to terminate her. Hence, she had gone to collect some documents and he misbehaved in the presence of a lawyer and presenting officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17330424", "title": "Jaipur Commissionerate Submits Proposal To Form Team Under DCP", "text": "JAIPUR: The city police has sent a proposal to the state government for deployment of a dedicated police force under a deputy commissioner of police for Jaipur Metro.As per the proposal, police outposts will be set up at each Metro station and a separate one for the casting yards. The dedicated Metro security branch will not only look after the security, but also deal with crimes including robbery and thefts taking pace inside Metro trains and at stations.Talking to TOI, commissioner of police BL Soni said: \"We have submitted the proposal to the state government which is being considered. A dedicated team of city police under an IPS officer will be deployed for Metro security if opportunity is given to us.\"According to sources, on 9.25 km stretch (Mansarover to Chandpole), nearly 10 outposts are proposed. \"This will be an added advantage as the redressal of passenger complaints will be quick,\" the commissioner said.If the proposal is accepted, the state government will have to bear Rs 15 crore per annum for the staff. According to officials, posts of one deputy commissioner of police (metro security), 2 additional DCPs, 15 inspectors and sub inspectors and 400 constables will have to be created.With the completion date of the Jaipur Metro project inching closer, the Jaipur Metro Rail Corporation (JMRC) discussed various related issues, including the security at stations, during a recent meeting. JMRC has recently zeroed in on Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) and Jaipur police for security at Metro stations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17331238", "title": "177 head constables promoted", "text": "PANAJI: The government on Thursday promoted 177 head constables from various police stations and other police units from Goa to the post of assistant sub-inspectors (ASIs).SP (headquarters) Arvind Gawas said that the process is on to promote other ranks of Goa police and this will happen within the next 10 to 15 days. The newly-promoted ASIs will be given new postings only after Iffi comes to a close. Gawas said that the government has sanctioned additional 1,000 posts, including 698 posts of police constables. While the recruitment process for the posts of police constables is on, other ranks are also in the process of being promoted, Gawas said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17330079", "title": "Forger sent to Delhi", "text": "HYDERABAD: Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) officials on Thursday produced Farhan Akhtar , a final year engineering student who was arrested on Wednesday for forging the signature of PM Manmohan Singh , in the Nampally criminal court seeking transit warrant.The court granted a transit warrant to CBI and Farhan was permitted to be taken to Delhi. CBI officials said that Farhan, who hails from Uttar Pradesh, reportedly shot off a letter on the letterhead of the Prime Minister's Office (PMO) to the University of Lucknow. It was a recommendatory letter directing the university authorities to give him admission in a post-graduate course. On knowing this, PMO officials ordered CBI to inquire into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17329419", "title": "I was denied 26/11 dues: Wounded ex-NSG commando", "text": "NEW DELHI: A former NSG commando, who had killed two terrorists at the Taj Mahal Hotel during the 26/11 siege but was rendered completely deaf due to injuries he suffered in the process, came on Arvind Kejriwal's platform on Thursday to allege that he had been handed a raw deal and deprived of pension and disability benefits due to him despite risking his life for the country.Haryana resident Naik Surender Singh, who was compulsorily retired following injuries he suffered during Operation Tornado, alleged that he was forced to run from pillar to post for the last 13 months for money due to him.Talking to reporters, Singh and Kejriwal demanded an inquiry into the funds given as donations by the public post-Mumbai terror attack alleging that the money was selectively distributed among commandos leaving many out. The two said that a callous government had left heroes to beg, and demanded to know the amount of money NSG had received from the public and what had been done with cheques signed by contributors like Indian cricket captain M S Dhoni, Rohan Motors, Royal Western India Turf Club in favour of the commandos.Government denied the charge of insensitivity towards the commando, but acknowledged that there was a delay of 13 months in the disbursement of pension to Singh who was originally from the Grenadiers' unit of the Army.Singh, the sole earning member of a family of five and now completely deaf, will start getting his pension only from this month. He forcefully countered defence ministry's claim that Rs 19 lakh of the total Rs 31 lakh due to him in benefits had already been released. The injured commando produced bank statements to show that the account into which the money was supposed to credited, did not receive the amount government claims to have disbursed to him. The account has only Rs 10 lakh. He maintained that he has so far received only Rs 4 lakh from various sources.\"Even the citation certificate given to me is worthless since it did not have the signature of the Director General of NSG,\" said a dejected Singh.The timing of the press conference, underlining Kejriwal's growing ability to attract people with diverse grievances against the government, was significant. The allegation of indifference to heroes who had combated the Mumbai attackers comes a day after terrorist Ajmal Kasab was executed, and days before the fourth anniversary of the terror attacks, and sought to tap into the mood in the wake of Kasab's hanging. The tactic worked too, forcing the government to come up with a prompt and detailed response and to argue, in a first, its case on micro-blogging site, Twitter.The emotive nature of the allegation knocked the ministries of defence and Information and Broadcasting, and the NSG into a team as they tried to fend off Singh's charges. \"I left for the Operation without seeing my newborn son. I gave my 100% to the country but this government has left me with nothing. I don't want money...I want an inquiry in to the money.\"Singh suffers from 100% hearing disability diagnosed as sensory neural hearing loss in both ears and has splinters in both legs after a grenade thrown by the terrorists blew up on November 29, 2008.\"Jo wahan ladaai thi, who bahar walon se thi. Apne aadmiyon se ladna mushkil ho raha hai. (The fight in Mumbai was against outsiders, but fighting with my own countrymen is proving difficult.),\" he lamented.He denied the government's claim that his failure to get a Contributory Health Insurance Scheme Card was the reason why he had to spend Rs 1 lakh from his own pocket for the treatment of injuries he sustained while battling the terrorists holed up in Taj Mahal Hotel.Government agreed to investigate the charge that money donated by Royal Western India Turf Club for the NSG commandos who fought the 26/11 attackers, was given to only four of them.\"This is a country where a cricketer gets Rs 1 crore just to swing his bat but we force people who have risked their lives to beg for their rights. Who will send their husband, wife or son to fight for the country,\" Kejriwal and his colleagues said.He claimed that both Taj and Oberoi hotels received $28 million in insurance money by August, 2009.Charging the government to prove that he had even received a \"single paisa\" from them, Singh said that he and his colleagues had been threatened not to air their grievances publicly or they would lose the funds they had received. \"You can check my bank account. I have not got any money. The government is lying,\" he said.Singh said that he was declared medically unfit 14 years three months and 10 days in to service and thrown out of the army forcing him to lose pension benefits due after 15 years of service. Presenting an order from the government which said Singh was not eligible to get pension as he had completed 15 years, Kejriwal claimed there are several clauses in the law under which a commando can be given concessions so that he gets his pension.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17330498", "title": "Businessman duped of 25 lakh, case registered", "text": "JAIPUR: A Jaipur-based businessman was duped by a conman of Rs 25 lakh as an advance to provide a 4-seater aircraft. According to the police, the victim Ram Sagar Nagar who runs a school in Shyam Nagar locality wanted to purchase a 4-seater aircraft. On May 4, 2011 he met one Manav Singh a New Delhi-based man who introduced himself as a director in AR Airways Company. Nagar asked Singh if he could provide him a wth a 4-seater aircraft. After various rounds of talks finally on September 7, 2011 Singh on Nagar's invitation came to Jaipur. \"Both agreed to Rs 1.30 crore for the aircraft. It was decided that Nagar will give an advance of Rs 25 lakh and later give the money in three installments,\" said Hari Singh a senior officer of Shyam Nagar police station.\"The victim paid Rs 25 lakhs on that day itself. After three months when he did not get the aircraft's delivery Nagar sent notices to the AR Airways. The company responding to the notices told him that Singh was their former employee and had not been working with them since June, 2011. For last one year he has been trying to get back his money since the aircraft was not delivered. When all his attempts went in vein a case of cheating against the accused was lodged on Wednesday night,\" the police officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17332755", "title": "Inter-state council meet deferred", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Union government on Thursday deferred the zonal inter-state council meeting, which was scheduled in Bhubaneswar on Saturday, reportedly because of non-availability of a representative from Bihar.Official sources said the ministry of home affairs has communicated its decision to postpone the event to the state government. It has not indicated when the meeting would take place, sources said.\"The deferment seems linked to Bihar expressing its inability to send its chief minister, chief secretary or any minister to attend the council meeting,\" an officer said.The council, chaired by Union home minister S K Shinde, has the chief ministers of Jharkhand , Bihar, West Bengal and Odisha as members. It was supposed to discuss various inter-state issues such as boundary disputes, water sharing, left wing extremism, movement of goods, taxation, international boundary problems and coastal security, official sources added. The council last met in Ranchi in 2005.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17291835", "title": "Good news for Arjun Rampal in 2013?", "text": "As he approaches his 40th birthday on November 26, we ask numerologist what's in store ahead for Arjun Rampal.Having won much appreciation for his role with his last release Chakravyuh , Arjun Rampal had a satisfying 2012. As he approaches his 40th birthday on November 26, we ask astro-numerologist Bhavikk Sangghvi what's in store ahead for the actor.\"Arjun was born on November 26, 1972 which makes him a Number 8 (Saturn) person in numerology. He is also ruled by Number 3 (Sagittarius - ruler Jupiter) while his destiny number adds up to Number 2 (Moon). Since he is ruled by Number 2, he is automatically ruled by Number 7 (Ketu) as these two numbers always go hand in hand\", explains Bhavikk.\"Arjun will now enter the 41st year of his life which will bring good news to him on both - his professional and personal front\" predicts Bhavikk. \"The year 2013 which adds up to Number 6 (Venus) will be proving lucky for most Number 8 people and luckily Arjun fits in to this bracket directly. Having won a National Award for Rock On , the sequel of this film titled Rock On 2 will also be appreciated and once again his performance will be well received - both by the aam junta and the critics alike\".\"To reduce unnecessary stress, I would advise him to wear a Pearl on his smallest finger set in silver to attain mental peace and take his decisions in a cool, calm and a composed way. Lastly, he should spell his name as 'ARJUNN RAMPALL' to have an overall positive impact in life from all quarters\", advices Bhavikk before signing off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17328470", "title": "Monty Panesar can salvage English pride: Shane Warne", "text": "MUMBAI: The more things change the more they remain the same as whitewashes continue to be the trend in Test cricket. While England dethroned India from the top of ICC Test rankings with a 4-0 clean sweep, Pakistan gobbled up England (beat the No. 1 Test team 3-0) in UAE within a span of six months earlier this year.Former Australian spin legend Shane Warne predicts a series win for India, he left it to England to determine how cruelly they wished to be returned the favour.Warne, who joined the commentary team for the second India-England Test at the Wankhede, said England might just find a saviour in Monty Panesar . \"England missed the trick by not playing Panesar in the first Test. I have had a few sessions with Monty over the past 12 months and he will be a feisty customer in these conditions. He would be a strong back-up for Swann who according to me is the best spinner in the world at the moment,\" Warne said on Thursday.The spin wizard, however, condemned the idea of \"tailor-made\" tracks after Indian skipper MS Dhoni's demand for rank turners. \"When we played for Australia we never spoke to the curator about any wicket. Though I don't like a captain asking the curator to doctor wickets, I think Dhoni is probably playing mind games with the visitors to put some more doubts into their minds,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17329378", "title": "Amend 'open-ended' Section 66A of IT Act: Lawyers", "text": "MUMBAI: The Palghar police, which arrested two girls for a Facebook post, have resorted to a section that is vague and open to wide and subjective interpretation, said legal experts. The police invoked the Information Technology Act in the case for publishing statements that cause \"enmity, hatred or ill-will' or those found to be \"grossly offensive and menacing''.Senior counsel Amit Desai said, \"What needs to be done on a priority basis is to amend Section 66A under the IT Act and redefine it. And till it is done, the information technology ministry or the home ministry must issue guidelines on the section's scope so that the police can act within some boundaries.''Cyber law expert Nappinai N S said the section is \"open-ended, widely termed and open to abuse''.The term \"offensive\" can be \"interpreted with greater degree of subjectivity,'' said Desai and added that other terms such as \"ill-will\" and \"insult'' appear to have been taken from the Indian Penal Code; these are often used for lesser offences. However, with no comprehensive definitions given in the IT Act, which was amended in 2008, the police have a 'one-section-fits-all' in Section 66A, said lawyers.The law defined email to include attachments in text, image, audio, video and any other electronic record that may be sent too. \"The term 'any other electronic record' is also vague,\" said Nappinai and added, \"The section appears to be substantially drawn from a UK law that deals with malicious communications. But the Indian law has wider scope and application and is used recklessly by the police.''Shrikan Bhat, a criminal lawyer, said even if an offence is registered under the IT Act, the power to arrest is drawn from the Criminal Procedure Code which, under Section 157, clearly lays down that it must be made only \"if necessary\".Union minister of communications, information and technology Kapil Sibal has now asked the ministry to gather all information regarding cases in which Section 66A has been applied. The aim is to modify the section to rule out its wrong application in future, said a ministry official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17329762", "title": "One more arrested in Chhatarpur trespass case", "text": "NEW DELHI: Investigation in the case of trespass and rioting at the Chadhas' Chhatarpur farmhouse last Saturday has led to the arrest of another man associated with slain businessman Ponty Chadha. Police claim Mathura Singh Mehra, 30, coordinated the fatal shootout in which the Chadha brothers Ponty and Hardeep died, and also supplied vehicles, arms and ammunition to the two groups that raided the Chadhas' farmhouses at Chhatarpur and Bijwasan simultaneously.Mehra, who was arrested on Thursday, had worked for Ponty for seven years. He is the fifth person arrested for the raid at the Chhatarpur farmhouse, and the seventh in connection with the case overall. \"Mehra assisted Ponty Chadha's men who first scuffled at Bijwasan and then at the Chhattarpur farm. He also provided them arms,\" said Vivek Gogia, joint commissioner of police, southwestern range.Mehra, a resident of south Delhi's Sultanpur village, will be remanded for questioning about his involvement in the farmhouse ruckus. Police have recreated the scene of crime at least six times since Sunday but haven't established the sequence of events after Hardeep shot at Ponty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17333635", "title": "No internet dating for Susan Boyle", "text": "Scottish singer Susan Boyle says she is too scared to try out internet dating in her quest for love.The 51-year-old wants an old-fashion romance and has ruled out surfing the web to find her perfect man.\"Internet dating? Are you having a laugh? Knowing my luck I'd go out on a date and you'd find my limbs scattered around various (British town) Blackburn dustbins,\" dailymirror.co.uk quoted Boyle as saying.\"I believe in letting things happen naturally and not shopping for a man on the internet. If my soulmate is out there then I will find him but it won't be on a computer,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17332474", "title": "Jamia Millia Islamia honours cardiologist Ashok Seth", "text": "NEW DELHI: Jamia Millia Islamia on Thursday honoured leading cardiology Ashok Seth with Doctor of Letters (honoris causa) at the annual convocation ceremony here.Lt. Gen. (retd) M.A. Zaki, chancellor of Jamia, presented the honour to Seth, chairman of cardiovascular sciences and chief cardiologist and chairman of cardiology council at the Fortis Group of Hospitals.\"Science and technology have mesmerised us. We think we are rational, whereas we can't create a single human cell... There is a need to combine spirituality and science. We need to live for humanity,\" said Seth, who performed one of the highest number of angiographies and angioplasties in the world, and finds mention in the Limca Book of Records.The leading cardiologist was awarded the Padma Shri in 2003 for his contribution in the field of cardiology.In his address, Najeeb Jung, vice-chancellor of Jamia, said: \"All universities have to answer to their stake-holders in the present; Jamia has the added challenge of living up to its past.\"He described Jamia's endeavours on three fronts in the last few years: diversifying its academic and disciplinary infrastructure, expanding its student facilities and building its profile both in the Indian public sphere and abroad.As many as 4,179 students from various faculties and centres of the university were awarded degrees and diplomas. PhD degrees were awarded to 204 research scholars, while 147 gold medals were awarded to toppers of various courses.The video proceedings of the programme were webcast live on the Jamia website www.jmi.ac.in, for the first time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17333596", "title": "Actor Pran recuperating in hospital", "text": "Veteran Bollywood actor Pran, who was hospitalised a week back with respiratory problem, is recuperating, sources said.\"He is still in hospital. He is doing fine,\" Lilavati hospital spokesperson Dr Sudhir Dagaokar told.The legendary actor was admitted to Lilavati hospital on November 16. He had come for a check-up which turned out to be a respiratory problem.There have been rumours about his deteriorating health since yesterday.The 92-year-old actor is one of the most popular villains of Bollywood and has acted in around 350 films.His famous films include Khandaan', 'Aurat', 'Bari Behen', 'Jis Desh Men Ganga Behti Hai', 'Half Ticket', 'Upkar', 'Purab Aur Paschim', 'Don' and 'Zanjeer'.In 2001, he was honoured with the Padma Bhushan by the Government of India for his contribution to Indian cinema.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17332564", "title": "Four test positive for dengue in Ludhiana", "text": "LUDHIANA: Four more persons from the city have tested positive for dengue.Dr Anil Verma, epidemiologist at civil surgeon's office, said, \"Nine cases of dengue were confirmed from the city hospitals. Of these, four are from Ludhiana, three from Hoshiarpur, one from Fatehgarh Sahib and one from Haryana. With this, the number of cases from the city and its outskirts has touched the mark of 181.\"Spelling caution, he said, \"Though dengue is on its way out, residents should take the necessary precautionary measures. They should keep their coolers clean and check water stagnation. Winter will soon arrest the ailment.\"The year saw most of the cases being reported from areas like Sherpur, Tajpur, Jodhewal, Jamalpur, Shivpuri, Haibowal Kalaan, Sunet and Shimlapuri. Some of the cases were also reported from new city areas, including Model Town, Model Gram, Rajguru Nagar, Tagore Nagar, Civil Lines, Gurdev Nagar, Pakhowal Road and BRS Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17332536", "title": "Leader booked for firing in air", "text": "LUDHIANA: Baljeet Singh Jassian, a Shiv Sena (Rashtrawadi) leader, was booked on the complaint of his wife for threatening to kill her and firing in the air from his licensed weapon.In a complaint made at the police station division No. 4, Inderjeet Kaur, a resident of Naveen Nagar in Haibowal area, informed the police that she suspected her husband, Baljeet, of having an illicit affair with another woman, which was the reason for altercations between them. She accused Jassian of threatening her.On Wednesday at around 9pm they had a heated argument on his alleged affair, following which an infuriated Baljeet whipped out his licenced weapon and fired four bullets in the air. He also threatened to kill her, following which she reported the matter to the police.The police acting on Inderjeet Kaur's complaint arrested the accused leader and registered a case against him on Wednesday for having threatened and frightened her by firing in the air. The accused was booked under sections 336 (endangering life or personal safety of others) and 506 (criminal intimidation) of the IPC.\"We had booked the accused on the compliant of his wife. He however was granted bail on Thursday and was discharged. His wife had complained that he had threatened to kill her,\" said Vinod Kumar, station house officer, division no. 4.In November 2009, the accused leader was in the news for having allegedly pulled out his revolver during an altercation with members of the Sikh community, while they were carrying out a protest against the Union government.However despite the then SSP Sukhchain Singh Gill saying that his arms licence would be cancelled, the accused continues to be in possession of an arms licence and even used it to threaten his wife by firing four bullets in the air.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17331175", "title": "HC gets tough on use of nicotine in hookah bars", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Acting tough against nicotine use through inhalation from hookahs/sheeshas in various restaurants, lounges and hookah bars in the region, the Punjab and Haryana high court, on Thursday, directed the states of Punjab, Haryana and the Chandigarh administration to constitute a permanent task force for monitoring nicotine abuse in chemical form.While directing the authorities to register criminal cases against violators, a division bench comprising Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice R K Jain observed, \"There is no dispute that many hookah bars are serving tobacco molasses containing nicotine, which is illegal and entails penal consequences.\"\"In our considered opinion, the menace of use of drug laced with nicotine by restaurants/lounges offering inhalation by means of hookah/sheesha cannot be resolved by closing down such offending bars but the states of Punjab, Haryana and UT Chandigarh are required to monitor the use of nicotine in chemical form,\" the bench held.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17329036", "title": "Rare surgery done at PVS hospital", "text": "KOCHI: PVS Memorial Hospital, Kochi has created medical history by conducting a complex surgical procedure to remove a kidney tumour weighing 6 kg. Sumi Joseph, 28, who hails from Chingavanam, has been complaining of abdominal discomfort since 2007, and her kidneys were found to have two tumours weighing 3 kg each.\"Only a small portion of the kidney was unaffected. The only option was a complex surgery to be done in two stages opening the chest and abdomen,\" said Dr George P Abraham, head of the department of urology.The first surgery was done on August 4. The kidney was taken out, cooled in a solution, and the tumour mass was removed. The kidney was then reconstructed.The whole process took ten hours, and Sumi was on ventilator support for two days, and discharged ten days later. The second surgery was done a month later. \"Now she has recovered completely and her kidneys are working normally,\" said Dr George.\"I had lost all hope, but now I have got a new lease of life,\" said Sumi, who is working as a nursing assistant in a private hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17329069", "title": "Businessman cries kidnap, cops say road rage", "text": "NOIDA: A Delhi-based exporter has alleged that he was stopped on the Mahamaya flyover in Noida by four armed youths who attempted to kidnap him on Wednesday night. Police, however, said that the incident was a road rage case.The victim, Rajiv Sharma, a resident of Greater Kailash, said that a car hit his Mercedes from the back on the flyover. When Sharma got out of his car, he saw youths coming at him with pointed guns.Sharma alleged that the four armed youths tried to force him into their own car and threatened to shoot him if he didn't comply.The victim, however, ran and crossed the road to escape. He then called the cops but by then the accused had fled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "ujjain", "code": "17332398", "title": "Narmada-Kshipra link project inauguration on November 29", "text": "UJJAIN: The ruling Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has stepped in to cash on the ambitious Narmada-Kshipra link project recently undertaken by the state government. The project has been a subject on manifesto of both the Congress and the BJP for years as it if turned into reality could prove vital for the people in this Malwa belt.Water of Narmada river from Onkareshwar project would be brought to Kshipra at Dewas which would not only solve the potable water needs but would also ensure flow in Kshipra all through the year besides irrigation. The project was an uphill task as level of Narmada was below and water had to be pumped causing huge expenditure. Shivraj Singh Chouhan personally took interest and finally the scheme was approved with a cost of rupees 450 crore.A massive programme marking the inauguration of project is going to take place in Ujjain on November 29 in the presence of Shivraj Singh Chouhan. Thousands of party workers are expected to be present on the occasion. Party state president Prabhat Jha , general secretary Arvind Menon and district in-charge minister Kailash Vijayvargiya on Wednesday night discussed the preparations and other plans.Jha said Narmada- Kshipra linking would definitely be an important achievement of the BJP government and people should be aware of the benefits of the project.Chouhan, on September 1, had an aerial survey of the route through which pipeline would be laid and offered puja there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17329337", "title": "26/11 evidence will be used in Ansari's case", "text": "MUMBAI: Pakistani terrorist Ajmal Kasab was executed but Mumbai police will have to wait for a few more years before disposing of some material evidence seized for 26/11. Sources said the police will now use the same set of material evidence to convict another deported 26/11 co-accused Zabihuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal. Mumbai police had recovered 10 AK-47s, 26 magazines, four pistols, five hand grenades, a dinghy boat, a satellite phone, five mobiles, a GPS device, 15 blankets, personal articles and packets of food from 10 terrorists.While the police, with the court's permission, destroyed perishables such as grocery, soaps and other personal things, important piece of material such as arms and ammunition and satellite phones have been marked and preserved. \"This material was used in the court of law against Kasab. Now we will use it against Jundal and other wanted accused,\" said an officer.Jundal is accused of \"teaching Kasab and the other nine terrorists Hindi as well as a bit of Marathi\", said an officer. He is also said to have guided from a control room in Karachi the two terrorists holed up in Nariman House. During interrogation, Jundal told the police that he was aware of the terror plot and had seen the 10 terrorists, including Kasab, take arms and ammunition training.An officer said, once the Jundal case is over, the seized AK-47s and pistols may be kept at the police museum to be built at the force's headquarters. The pistols, grenades and other arms are important pieces of evidence to prove the Pakistan link, officers asserted. \"We have already established that an Austrian arms company, whose marking was found on the grenades, has a franchisee in Pakistan,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17329584", "title": "Vegetable prices soar in the state", "text": "HYDERABAD: It is bad news for Hyderabadis as there has been a significant rise in the prices of vegetables in the government-run markets in the last one month due to low productivity and prolonged unseasonal rains this year in various parts of Andhra Pradesh.While prices of beans have increased by 50% in the past one month, carrot by 40% and prices of ladies finger has gone up by more than 100%, officials said. The prices may further escalate, said an official of the Erragadda rythu bazaar. \"Going by the present situation the prices of some of the vegetables will further increase by January. We will be having further shortage of some of the vegetables in the coming few days, since we have to import them, the prices may go up further,\" V Alexander, the official said.Though the inflation has declined to 7.45% in October, the prices of essential commodities were increasing steadily. Ivy gourd and bitter gourd has also increased by 100% and onions have increased by 30%, while potatoes showed an increase by up to 20%, officials said.\"Till 2010, the prices were quite low during this time. However, the change in season cycle is affecting the productivity and yield of crops,\" K R Vijaya Kumar, estate officer, Rythu Bazaar, Mehdipatnam said. \"This season there were unseasonal rains which led to this situation.\"A similar situation is prevailing in retail outlets and exclusive vegetables stores as well. \"The prices of the vegetables have shown a sharp rise since the last two weeks. The average price increase is about 40-60% in our store and also there is a shortage. Though the customers do not seem happy, we cannot help it,\" said a manager of a retail vegetable store in Begumpet.The citizens on their part rue this sudden development. \"Previously I used to buy vegetables in significant quantities but since the price rise, I have reduced the quantity. Also I am staying away from those vegetables whose prices have soared.\" said T Ragini, a housewife.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17331099", "title": "Need not be hysterical on political correctness: Polish filmmaker Krzysztof Zanussi", "text": "PANAJI: Excessive anxiety to take 'politically correct' postures may become counter-productive, and can even turn dangerous on occasions, warns celebrated Polish filmmaker Krzysztof Zanussi, who was honoured with the lifetime achievement award at the ongoing 43rd International film festival of India ( IFFI).\"The tendency is already taking a toll on the academic and creative fields. It can stifle efforts for honest pursuit and expression of divergent views on reality,'' Zanussi said.Talking to TOI before leaving Goa, Zanussi, who was an iconic figure in the struggle against the erstwhile autocratic Stalinist regimes of East Europe, cited his own example to illustrate his concern.\"I wanted to make a film on a man committed to the values of humanism and justice being subjugated by a group of women who control a corporate conglomerate. These women want him to mindlessly follow the rules of the corporate which are anti-human. But he refuses to bend.''\"The film was denied finance by the panel which controls Polish government finances to films. The women in the panel thought the proposed film would be anti-feminist, and insisted that it should not be made.''\"It was the first time in my more than 40 years of association with cinema that somebody was telling me,\"a film should not be made because they don't want it to be made\". I couldn't make films for the last two years for lack of finances. Even during the Communist regime, I had not had such an experience,'' said the 73-year old film maker, whose legendary films'Illumination', 'The Constant Factor', 'Imperative', 'Persona Non Grata' had celebrated the human pursuit of values like truth, justice and freedom in its multiple dimensions.\"You know it is easy to form coteries and maneuver decision-making processes in democracies. This subtle form of censorship can equally stifle creativity, just as totalitarian regimes,'' he said.\"Now I have got a producer for that film and it will be made as a Polish-Russian-Italian coproduction and will be released next year, probably'' he said.Zanussi however is still unrelenting in his attacks against the erstwhile communist regime in his country. \"The plight of people in Poland is much better than what it had been under the communist government. There is a three-fold increase in the number of people getting access to education now in our country. Healthcare is also accessible to more number of people now. There is overall growth. However, there is a growing disparity among people. Democracy has limitations, but it is any day far better than totalitarian regimes. Market has tyrannical dimensions, but it can be tempered to a great extent with appropriate laws.''Zanussi says he is trying to evolve a balanced view of the various issues humanity is facing. \"It is alright to be silly and aggressive when you are young. But the wisdom that we acquire as we advance in age, should persuade us to take a balanced view.''This quest for 'balance' gets quickly gets reflected in his views on censorship. \"Censorship is an ugly method of improving our life. The police states tackle this problem in a harsh way, while democratic nations do it in a far more reasonable manner. However I can't deny that there are dangers of people with ulterior motives abusing the possibilities of communication thrown open by facilities like Internet to spread ideas that can harm the lives of many others. So it may not be possible to deride censorship unilaterally.''His comments on Indian cinema are also in this direction of balance. He pays rich tributes to the commercial cinema for its fidelity towards the authentic Indian culture and dramatic traditions. However, he is immensely articulate on the high esteem he has about Indian avant-garde films.Even though acclaimed as director, scriptwriter, and TV programme producer as well as a theatre personality, Zanussi says his best film is yet to be made.\"I'm still in that stage of evolution, '' says Zanussi, who has made over 80 films.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17333649", "title": "K Manju to contest in elections?", "text": "Kannada film producer K.Manju has at last realize his ambition of contesting the Assembly elections from his native place of Turuvekere. K.Manju is believed to have met Mr. Vijayendra, son of former Chief Minister B.S. Yediyurappa who is now in the process of starting Karnataka Janata Party. K.Manju seems to have expressed his desire to join KJP which is now thinking of expanding its influence and is trying to mould itself as a secular party. KJP is now inviting influential leaders from many influential communities of Hindus and even minority communities to expand its secular base.K. Manju may be the latest toast for a yet to be born party seeking to expand its influence in many communities, though BSY was essentially called as a big leader of the influential Lingayat community.Well, the other known persons who were in attendance in the meeting included B.Vijaya Kumar, President of the KFCC and a big supporter of Yediyurappa, producer Umesh Banakar and Rudresh, an ardent supporter of BSY who is now at the helm at the government controlled Kanteerava Studios.K. Manju frequented the corridors of Janata Dal office and had even met H.D.Kumara Swamy to seek admission to the party and fulfill his ambition of contesting elections from Turuvekere. But his ambition was put to halt as there is another big JD(S) leader Krishnappa who has been loyal to the party. It was Krishnappa who won the by-elections to Turuvekere last time by beating Lakshminarayana, the most loyal supporterof B.S. Yediyurappa even now. Manju could not have obtained JD(S) ticket as Krishnappa was one of the tallest leaders of JD (S) in Tumkur district Perhaps that one reason might have egged Manju to join KJP to contest the elections from Turuvekere Assembly constituency. Infact his home town Turuvekere has a large percentage of Vokkaliga, scheduled castes and Ligayat community voters besides some representation of backward classes and minorities.There is one hitch now for K.Manju. Lakshminarayan who is an ardent supporter of BSY will join him shortly once the party gets launched on December 9 at Haveri. He is now a MLC from BJP and will certainly go along with BSY. Then he may have to lose his MLC status unless one third of BJP members in Legislative Council decides to go with BSY and form a separate block. A clearer picture may emerge in days to come.Otherwise Lakshminarayana may opt for contesting from Turuvekere Assembly seat as he has already won the assembly seat once and had lost the closely contested by-election. BSY will certainly support Lakshminarayan who is his ardent supporter and had earlier won the elections from the constituency. Will K.Manju overcome that hitch has to be seen in the coming days.But it looks that he is now closer to fulfilling his political ambition to contest from Turuvekere constituency, if at all Lakshminarayana is given a bigger role of mobilizing support for the KJP party in the entire state. And if at all Manju realises his dream, Actor Jaggesh may be pitted against him as his opponent from BJP. Krishnappa would be the JD (S) contestant. Congress will also pick up a stronger candidate as it had earlier won the seat many a times and even Jaggesh had won the seat contesting from the congress party. The next election will see a four cornered contest in Turuvekere which is most likely to see presence of a large number of film and television artists doing the canvassing work.Turuvekere has a history of not backing the same candidate barring some exceptions. Lakshminarayan won against Jaggesh earlier, but later Jaggesh won the seat defeating Lakshminarayana and Krishnappa.Later in the by-election, Krishnappa won the seat by beating Lakshminarayana who was supported by Jaggesh who had joined BJP in the operation Kamala undertaken by BSY Government. Does this statistics hold some hope for K. Manju now if at all he gets the KJP ticket?Source: chitraloka.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17330799", "title": "New tech to help government eavesdrop on Skype chats?", "text": "LONDON: New eavesdropping technology could allow government agencies to 'silently record' conversations on internet chat services like Skype. Until now, so called voice over internet protocol (VoIP) services have been difficult to tap into, because of the way they send information over the web.The services convert analogue audio signals into digital data packets, which are then sent in a way that is costly and complex for third parties to intercept, the 'Daily Mail' reported. But now a California businessman has obtained a patent for a 'legal intercept' technology he said \"would allow governments to silently record\" VoIP communications\".Dennis Chang, president of VoIP-PAL , a chat service similar to Skype , claims his system would allow authorities to identify and monitor suspects merely by accessing their username and subscriber data. According to the patent, they could also be tracked down by billing records that associate names and addresses with usernames.This would make not only audio conversations but 'any other data streams such as pure data and/or video or multimedia data' open for interception.A 'smart bag' to charge all gadgetsResearchers claim to have developed the 'world's first smart bag' that can charge your electronic devices like mobiles and laptops besides storing them. A Kickstarter project is helping to raise funds for the bag called 'Phorce' , website Mashable reported. The bag has a waterproof shell and specially designed pockets to safely hold all the big tablets on the market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17332353", "title": "4000 cops, 150 CCTVs to keep check", "text": "INDORE: Around 4,000 police personnel would be deployed and other security equipments including 150 Close Circuit cameras (CCTVs) will be installed to keep vigil on the procession to be taken out on the occasion of Muharram on November 25 in the city.Talking to ToI, Superintendent of Police (SP), head quarters, Dr Ashish said that police have decided to install around 150 CCTVs, apart from other cameras already installed for routine work.Elaborate security arrangements have been made for the occasion. Apart from cameras, around 1,000 extra security personnel have arrived to keep a vigil on the route of procession at Karbala Maidan. Around 4000 cops will on feet to keep a check, he said.He further said that six pickets have been installed at major squares in areas with mixed population. All senior officials will be on field, he added.As per officials, a senior police officer will keep a continuous vigil through LCDs at a temporary control room till the culmination of Tazias at Karbala Maidan on the procession route.Police personnel in plain clothes have been deployed to keep a 24x7 check on suspicious and anti-social elements in the localities situated on either side of the procession routes.He further said that fire brigade and other necessary equipments would be available on the site for any emergency situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17332289", "title": "Bus route modifications changes on the anvil", "text": "INDORE: Here is a reason to rejoice for those commuting frequently between the city and its outskirts. City bus service run by Atal Indore Transport Corporation Limited (AITCL) is going to modify the existing routes and may also introduce few new routes soon. Routes 6, 8, 14, 15 and 18-A would see the modifications.A board meeting discussed the plan recently.On 18-A sector's route, buses will ply from RRCAT to Bhagirathpura bus stop. There will be stoppages at Rajendra Nagar railway station, Rajiv Gandhi bus stop, Rajendra Nagar police station and other places enroute to Bhagirathpura.\"The corporation is soon going to float tenders to start buses on new as well as the old routes. The process will start in the coming week,\" said an official of corporation. He said buses on new routes will facilitate people from outskirts to commute easily in lesser time.In the past few years, the number of those living on the city outskirts has increased manifold and according to an estimate, around 3 to 4 lakh people are living on the outskirts of the city. But all these places do not have proper bus connectivity. Thus people living in these localities depend on their own vehicles for commuting.The starting of bus services on these routes will not only save travel time for the residents from these localities, but also help reduce vehicular pollution, expenses of the commuters and traffic load on the roads. At present, AITCL is operating nearly 109 buses on 16 routes.Around three to five buses are operated on every route depending on the number of passengers. Routes like Palasia, MG Road, Rajawada, Mhow Nakka, Anapurna and Regal have high density of passengers.Proposed list of stoppagesRoute 6: Khajrana temple to Chandan Nagar: Bengali Square, Shanti Nagar, Teen Imli, Palda, Navlakha square, Agrasen square, Sapna Sangeeta, Tower Square, Khatiwala tank, Saifi Nagar, Pratap Nagar, Collector office etcRoute 8: Gandhi Nagar to Bijasan Tekri: PTC school, Panchsheel Colony, Vidhyadham, Kalani Nagar, Shikshak Nagar, Ramchandra Nagar, Bada Ganpati etcRoute 14: Geeta Bhawan Square to Aurobindo Medical College: Gokuldas Hospital, Madhu Milan square, Telephone exchange, Dargah, Jail road, municipal corporation etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17328912", "title": "Ban on corporal punishment in Patna schools only on paper", "text": "PATNA: Punishing children is regarded a normal and acceptable practice, be it in the family or in any institution. However, clause 17, Chapter IV of the Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education (RTE) Act says, \"No child shall be subjected to physical punishment and mental harassment in schools.\"However, this RTE guideline remains only on paper, as there are a large number of cases of corporal punishments reported daily. \"Almost everyday we receive cases of corporal punishments given in schools with impunity. Since the Bihar State Commission For Protection of Child Rights (BSCPCR), under the RTE, is tasked with protecting the rights of children, it has to monitor and inquire into the grievances or complaints of violation of child rights and initiate action. We have framed a new set of guidelines for schools violating the RTE guideline,\" said BSCPCR chairman Nisha Jha.The BSCPCR, in consultation with the education department, will finalize the guidelines by the first week of December and send notices to all the schools in the state, she said. According to the new guidelines, the school management will have to inform the parents about the mode of punishment to be given to the child. If the parents agree to the nature of punishment, then only can the school execute it. If the school punishes a child without informing the parents, they will have the right to appeal directly to the BSCPCR.As per the BSCPCR survey, students from Class VIII to Class XII, especially boys, are subjected to physical torture or punishment in almost all the schools.According to the new provisions, if a teacher is found guilty of giving corporal punishment, he or she can be barred from promotion and increment. Not only this, a fine of Rs 25,000 can be imposed on the school concerned. The amount collected through fine will, later, be utilized by the government for education of poor children.However, school principals and teachers differ in their opinion. Don Bosco director Alfred George deRozario, while reacting to the proposed guideline, said, \"It will only act as a deterrent. Incidentally, all kinds of corporal punishment are strictly banned in our school and even staff members have been directed to follow the norms strictly. For, I firmly believe, corporal punishment only leads to adverse physical, psychological and educational outcomes.\"However, Loyola High School principal, Brother Felix differs. \"Corporal punishment should not be banned completely. There are kids who can be handled with love, but there are some who cannot be improved without some punishment. I feel, freedom should be given to teachers in this regard. Teachers raising the voice or giving a small pat to express unhappiness should not be construed as corporal punishment. At times, it becomes necessary to punish a child or else it creates indiscipline in the school,\" he said.Sunita Prasad, principal, Kamala Nehru Sishu Vihar, said, \"Corporal punishment is banned in our school. If children indulge in some mischief, we try to counsel them and if we are unable to handle them, we call their parents and talk to them. We believe that talking to a child helps a lot. In case of any violation of the rule by any teacher, kids are free to walk up to me and talk about it.\"Notre Dame Academy principal, Sister Tessy, said, \"No corporal punishment is meted out to students in our school. We firmly believe in counselling and giving proper guidance to students.\"*Causing physical harm to children by hitting, kicking, scratching, pinching, biting, pulling the hair, boxing ears, smacking, slapping, spanking with any implement (cane, stick, shoe, chalk, dusters etc. belt, whip, giving electric shock etc.) fall under the category of corporal punishment*Under Section 32(3) and (4) of the RTE Act, the SCPCRs are the appellate authority to receive appeals from the aggrieved persons who would prefer such appeals when their grievances relating to children's right to education are not redressed by the designated local authorities under Section 32(2)*A study on 'Child Abuse in India' by the Ministry of Women and Child Development, Government of India, found that 69% of children reported having been physically abused. Every two out of three schoolchildren reported to have suffered corporal punishment. In juvenile justice institutions, 70.21% of children in conflict with law and 52.86% of children in need of care and protection reported having been physically abused*Article 21 of the Constitution protects the right to life and dignity, including the right to education for children up to 14 years of age. Corporal punishment amounts to abuse and militates against the freedom and dignity of a child. It also interferes with a child's right to education because fear of corporal punishment makes children more likely to avoid school or to drop out altogether. Hence, corporal punishment violates the right to life with dignity*Under the RTE Act, the NCPCR and SCPCRs are supposed to examine and review the safeguards for rights provided by or under this Act and recommend measures for their effective implementation; inquire into complaints relating to child's right to free and compulsory education; take necessary steps as provided under Sections 15 and 24 of the Commissions for Protection of Child Rights Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17330912", "title": "Second phase notification today", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17333814", "title": "HC rejects review plea on BRT order", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court today rejected a plea for review of its earlier order dismissing a petition for scrapping a bus rapid transit (BRT) corridor in South Delhi.A bench of justices Pradeep Nandrajog and Manmohan Singh accepted Delhi government's argument that the court should dismiss the review petition as the petitioner NGO in its main petition did not raise the averment that the corridor was violative of Master Plan of Delhi 2021 (MPD).\"Suffice would it be to state that in the writ petition, there is no challenge that DRT corridor does not conform to the Master Plan norms and thus, we think that petitioner cannot even attempt to urge anything with reference to the MPD norms being violated,\" the bench said.The review petition, filed by NGO Nyay Bhoomi through its President B B Sharan, said, \"MPD 2021 is a statutory plan and has the force of law. As per the master plan, the BRT cannot exist on a road less than 45 metres in width.\"Under the master plan of Delhi 2012, BRT is conceived on the road segment where the total width of road is 45 metres and above. However, this court has inadvertently computed 45 metre equal to 100 feet, whereas 45 meters comes to be about 150 feet...The court today modified its order, saying it was a typographical error and corrected the figure to 100 feet from 150 feet.While dismissing the PIL earlier, the high court had said, \"There being no scope to expand the width of the existing roads and the population of Delhi continuously being on rise, we see no escape from the fact that the citizens of Delhi have to, one day or the other, use public transport.\"On said reason also, it cannot be said implementation of BRT corridors in the city of Delhi is an irrational decision,\" the court had said.According to Nyay Bhoomi's plea, for smooth traffic flow on the corridor between Ambedkar Nagar and Moolchand, the government should not restrain any vehicle from plying on the bus lane.The petitioner had pointed out that most of the time the bus lane remains free with the situation on other lanes, meant for cars and other vehicles, remaining chaotic and the people getting stuck in jams for hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "motihari", "code": "17328651", "title": "Three UP smugglers arrested", "text": "MOTIHARI: Acting on a tip-off, the special police team intercepted a car on Friday at Bela canal near Ramgarhwa on Motihari-Raxaul NH-28A and recovered eight packets of hashish worth Rs 16 lakh. The police also arrested three smugglers of Basti district of Uttar Pradesh who were travelling in the car. The police are interrogating the three arrested smugglers.Raxaul DSP Jitendra Pandey said these smugglers were coming from Nepal with hashish and were on their way to Uttar Pradesh. As soon as they entered Raxaul area, the police team followed them. The arrested smugglers have been identified as Chandan Jayaswal, Raju Sahu and Bhanu Chaurasia of Basti district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "muzaffarpur", "code": "17328617", "title": "Tools used in Muzaffarpur triple murder case recovered", "text": "MUZAFFARPUR: The police have recovered two sharp-edged weapons--'daabia', from the house of the main accused, Rajendra Singh, the first cousin of the deceased, Shankar Singh, who along with his wife and elder daughter-in-law were brutally killed during the early hours of Wednesday at Gadopur village under Paroo police station of the district.Disclosing this to TOI on Thursday, Senior SP Rajesh Kumar said both the sharp cutting tools had blood stains. Blood stains have also been found on the clothes used and left in the house of absconding accused. The police dog used to track down the real culprits led the cops to the adjacent house of the main accused.The police have sent the blood-soaked tools and clothes to forensic laboratory for chemical analysis. Finger prints too, which were taken from the place of occurrence, have been sent for analysis. The SSP said he was sure that main accused persons would be trapped sooner or later and blood and finger prints would match with their blood and other evidences. The police are trying to concentrate on scientific evidence more than other proofs, the SSP added. Moreover, the police will also try to secure property attachment order from the court within the next couple of days. This action is likely to compel the accused to surrender as soon as possible.Paroo police have finally made Rajendra Singh alias Bhola Singh, Ravindra Singh and their nephew Rajkishore. Over a dozen unknown persons have been made accused in the triple murder case. The attack on the house was made only with the motive of eliminating the entire family of Shankar Singh for grabbing his land, said the police investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17329748", "title": "Major blaze guts distillery, firemen prevent disaster", "text": "CHENNAI: Firemen prevented a potential disaster after a major fire broke out at a distillery on Arcot Road in Valasaravakkam. Firemen evacuated all the workers in the Mohan Distilleries and Beverages Ltd unit but the blaze spread rapidly, destroying barrels and charring whole sections of the unit.At least 24 trucks were parked inside the 8.5 acre distillery, several containing highly inflammable alcohol, as the blaze raged through the unit. Staff moved them out immediately but fire and rescue services department officers said a massive explosion could have taken place if the fire had not been doused in time. \"A huge boiler apparently containing more than 1 lakh litres of spirit, used in the manufacture of liquor, was near the room where fire started,\" said an officer who supervised the firefighting squad. \"We had to stop the fire from reaching the boiler.\"One employee was injured in the fire and has been admitted to ANN Hospital in Valasaravakkam. Police identified the injured worker as Amudha and said doctors had ruled that she was out of danger.An official of Mohan Distilleries, who asked not to be named, said Thursday's blaze was the fifth fire at the unit in the past three months. Two minor fires broke out earlier due to a gas leak and one after an electrical cable burst. Three months ago, a fire broke out in a section of the distillery where empty liquor bottles are stored but staff doused it quickly.Divisional fire officer Meenakshi Vijayakumar said only one person was injured in the fire. \"We received a call for help at 8.25pm and brought the fire under control by 10.30pm,\" she said. Vijayakumar said firemen and a few fire tenders would be stationed nearby as a precautionary measure.Fire department officers said Thursday's fire also started in a room where empty liquor bottles are stored. The blaze sparked panic in the distillery, where around 200 employees were on duty, with some of them even scaling a compound wall to save their lives.Officers of the department dispatched 10 fire tenders from Ashok Nagar, Koyambedu, Saidapet, Teynampet, Guindy and Kilpauk to the spot. They also sent two foam tenders and 12 Metrowater tankers to put out the fire, because of the vast quantities of spirit in the distillery. At least 150 firemen battled the blaze. The fore disrupted traffic on Arcot Road and vehicles came to a halt for some time. Senior police officers and fire department officials rushed to the spot and oversaw the fire fighting operation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17329117", "title": "'Judges societies' land allotment legal'", "text": "MUMBAI: There is no illegality in the allotment of land by the state government to two housing societies of judges at Bandra (E), the Bombay high court held on Thursday. The court dismissed two public interest litigation which termed it government's largesse to Siddhant and Nyay Sagar-whose members comprise sitting and retired HC judges and a sitting Supreme Court judge.A division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Ranjit More, reading excerpts of their verdict, said there was \"no haste\" in allotment of land and \"no substance\" in the petitioner's allegation that the land was given at throwaway prices as the societies paid for it according to Ready Reckoner rates. They said all rules and procedures were followed by the government during allotment.The petitions alleged that while reservation for dishoused was deleted in favour of Nyay Sagar, the reservation for subordinate court building /staff quarters was deleted for Siddhant. But the judges said there was no illegality in deletion of reservation. They said the government policy provides for deletion of reservation for the dishoused, provided 10% of built-up area is handed over to BMC for housing the dishoused. They said the question remains as to who will bear the cost for its development, an aspect the government must examine.The judges also said there is \"nothing illegal\" in sitting judges renting their allotted 1,076 sq ft flats as it is permitted in a government resolution subject to payment of license fees. They said judges need to occupy official residences of 3,700-4,000 sq ft close to HC because of time in commuting from the suburbs. They said judges also carry their work home and \"need physical and mental space to concentrate\". \"For those who do not know what judges do beyond court hours, but judges do read case papers, law books. A judge does not remain aloof and even at home is pondering over papers and is only a physical presence,\" the judges said.They also said a HC judge, as a constitutional functionary, is entitled to accommodation commensurate to his position. \"In other states, high court judges live in huge bungalows on 2-3 acres land,\" said Justice Shah, in his parting comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17334091", "title": "We\u00e2\u20ac\u2122re happier to tell a lie while at work", "text": "We're happier to tell a lie while in the office than are in the comfort of our house, a simple coin toss experiment has suggested.As part of the Oxford University research, 658 people were randomly contacted in their own homes and asked to flip a coin.Each was told that if the coin landed tails-up, they would receive 12 pounds or a gift voucher - while if the coin landed heads-up, they would receive nothing.Despite the financial incentive and the fact that the householders could not be observed the results indicated a high level of honesty, with more than half of the participants reporting that the coin landed heads-up.In contrast, similar studies conducted in laboratory situations found 75 percent of participants reported tails-up.The researchers of the study believe the study shows that while we are unwilling to lie at home, we are more likely to bend the truth when at work or in social settings.\"The fact that the financial incentive to lie was outweighed by the perceived cost of lying shows just how honest most people are when in their own homes,\" the Daily Mail quoted Dr Johannes Abeler as saying.\"One theory is that being honest is at the core of how we want to perceive ourselves and is very important to our sense of self identity.\"Why it is so important? It may be to do with the social norms we have been given about what is right and wrong from the moment we could walk and talk,\" Abeler said.All those taking part in the experiments answered questions about their own gender, age, views on honesty and their religious background, suggesting that personal attributes play no part on overall levels of honesty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "muzaffarpur", "code": "17328722", "title": "Cheat admits supplying arms to Maoists", "text": "MUZAFFARPUR: The inter-state cheat, Rajiv Ranjan Mishra, has admitted that he supplied firearms in Maoist-affected areas of Rajepur under Sheohar district and Minapur police station area of Muzaffarpur district besides Chanpatia in East Champaran and Narkatiaganj under West Champaran district.The DSP (East) Arvind Gupta who is co-ordinating the case of fraud and arms supply by Mishra, however, did not confirm whether the arms receiver was a criminal or a Maoist because the said arms could not be recovered from the recipients so far.The police have raided three places in Rajepur, two places in Chanpatia and one place at Lauria during the last two days accompanying Mishra to identify the recipients of firearms. The areas where raids were made were definitely under the influence of Maoists .The police have arrested Sanjiv Thakur, son of a district board member of Lauriya, Madan Thakur, as Mishra had claimed that he also sold an AK-47 rifle to Sanjiv. But no firearms could be recovered from his house. The police were in a mood to send all those arrested in connection with firearms supply, to jail on Friday. A police team was interrogating Sanjiv Thakur and the DSP (East) is expecting some positive results soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "attari", "code": "17330056", "title": "Kasab hanging: Pakistan not overly perturbed, say residents", "text": "ATTARI: The hanging of 26/11 Mumbai attack accused Ajmal Kasab evoked mixed response in Pakistan. While some sections condemned the execution, others, especially those who reached India on board the Samjhauta Express, felt the incident should not be allowed to derail the peace process.Talking to TOI, Karachi resident B. Parvej said people of Pakistan were resentful about their government's inability to do anything for Kasab. \"This should not have happened,\" she said. However, she also predicted that people would soon accept and forget, given the political instability in Pakistan.Pointing out that Kasab's hanging did not lead to a furor in Pakistan, Manzur Hussain from Kasur said, \"If Kasab committed a crime as India claims, he deserved to be hanged.\" He also said the media across the border did not rake up the issue. \"I did not see anyone raising slogans against India or in favour of Kasab. Markets were open, people were not glued to TV sets and everything was normal. Even fundamentalists did not make the expected hue and cry,\" he said.Faislabad resident Ali Hassan also said Kasab's execution was not the central theme of discussion with people in Pakistan. \"The issue was not even discussed among friends,\" he said.Expressing doubts about Kasab being given a fair trial, Suhail from Gujjaranwala said, \"If he was involved, the execution was justified. India did the right thing if Kasab was guilty.\"Delhi based Nadeem chose to gloss over the incident and all the speculations attached saying that all that mattered was the peace process. \"I pray the peace process continues and bilateral relations are strengthened,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17330115", "title": "Class II student dies of snake bite", "text": "HYDERABAD: A Class II student died of snake bite on his school premises on Thursday.At around 10.20 am, the eight-year-old boy, A Kishore of Government Upper Primary School, Jagathgirigutta, went to ease himself during the short recess. As the school is surrounded by thick undergrowth, Kishore, instead of going to the washroom, went to ease himself in the open, the KPHB police said. \"A snake bit him on the left leg. He did not realise that it was a snake bite. A little later, the school staff saw Kishore falling down,'' KPHB sub-inspector T Srishailam Naik said. The school authorities immediately rushed him to a nearby hospital, but he was declared brought dead. \"As Kishore was frothing from the mouth, a symptom of snake bite, the staff looked for the snake and found it in the shrubs nearby.They then killed it,'' Naik added. Meanwhile, locals and parents of students expressed anguish over the poor facilities at the school as the compound wall had collapsed at some places. After learning about the incident, district education officials rushed to the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17328908", "title": "Mutation cases pending since months", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) officials and office-bearers make tall announcement about providing service to people and increasing revenue, they have turned a blind eye to irregularities going in property tax department.It is a well known fact that mutation of property in NMC's property tax records can be rarely done by following the official procedure. The top bosses have always denied this and claim that there were only isolated cases. However, the fact is that hundreds of mutation cases are pending in all ten zones.NCP ex-corporator Vedprakash Arya had presented the ruling BJP office-bearers and officers with concrete evidence of irregularities in property tax department in 2011. But no action has been taken so far. Arya had obtained a record of mutation applications received and their status. In most cases, according to NMC, some or other document is missing. However, the officials have not bothered to issue a notice, which is mandatory. This has been done in only a few cases.Standing committee chairperson Dayashankar TIwari at first said the applicants did not possess a property card issued by city survey. When TOI told him that most cases were not pending on this count, he said that the applicants had been issued notices. However, when TOI showed him the records obtained by Arya, he said that he would look into it.Arya told TOI that Asi Nagar and Mangalwari zone officials were so arrogant that they refused to provide him the record, even though it is mandatory for officials to provide information if a corporator asked for it. \"However, due to my activism the officials expedited the mutation process to escape criticism,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17333852", "title": "VK Prakash's 'Netholi Oru Cheriya Meenala' goes on floor", "text": "Director VK Prakash has been the busiest director in Mollywood in the past one year, filming four flicks on the trot.While his last venture Poppins is waiting for a release in December, the director has now already started work on his next project Netholi Oru Cheriya Meenala with Fahadh Faasil in the lead.The film's scribe Shanker Ramakrishnan informs us, \"We have started filming in Aluva on Thursday.\" However, the scriptwriter says he wants to keep the theme and the name of the female lead under wraps at least for a month. The flick's quirky title has already garnered enough attention with people being curious to know what it's about.Fahad has just wrapped up filming for Amen and has a host of interesting projects lined for next year including Red Wine with Mohanlal and Red Carpet in which he plays a celebrity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17332036", "title": "XLRI alumni meet to begin tomorrow", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: XLRI will host its two-day Alumni Homecoming between November 24 and 25 and is expecting 200 alumni to visit their alma mater from across the globe to rejoice in the company of batchmates.The highlight of this year's event will be the conferring of Lifetime Achievement Award to vice chairman, Tata Steel , B Muthuraman for his contribution to society.Besides, Dr Avijit Ghosh, VP, technology and economic development and professor of business administration, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, US will receive the Distinguished Alumnus Award for academics. Rakesh Kapoor, CEO, Reckitt Benckiser will be the recipient of the Distinguished Alumnus Award for the category practicing manager.\"XLRI's homecoming holds special significance because of the overwhelming response the institute gets year after year with over 150 alumni participating in last year's event,\" said XLRI director, Fr E Abraham. The two-day programme aims at helping the students, staff and faculty interact and network with the alumni.A prestigious event on November 24 evening will be the annual JRD Tata Oration on business ethics to be held at the Tata Auditorium.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17334008", "title": "Chased by cops, youth jumps before train", "text": "KANPUR: A teenage boy committed suicide by hurling himself before a goods train at Shyamnagar railway tracks in Chakeri police area allegedly after being hounded by cops from a local police station on suspicion of theft.The deceased has been identified as Suraj Lal, son of Jagdish Lal, a peon at Ghantaghar branch of State Bank of India, and a resident of Karamcharinagar, Chakeri. Eyewitnesses said Suraj lost his life when he jumped in front of an approaching goods train in order to escape the police. \"He ran onto the railway tracks to escape the thrashing of the policemen who descended on him from all directions,\" said Keshavram, a local.The incident occurred when the police picked up Suraj him from his Karamcharinagar house for questioning in connection with a verbal complaint by his father wherein the latter had accused him of committing a theft in the house.A local said the boy pleaded with the police and his father to not to involve him in the theft incident and let him go, but they did not listen to him. Suraj even reportedly threatened to commit suicide if taken to the police station.When his pleas were not heeded to, the boy tried to escape and ran towards the nearby railway tracks and jumped before a moving goods train. He died on the spot, the local said. The incident led to resentment among the locals who demanded stringent action against the cops.\"The incident at Karamcharinagar must be seriously dealt with so as to find out how a young boy was humiliated and driven to such despair that he decided to end his life,\" said criminal lawyer Suresh Chandra Srivastava.A senior police official told TOI that preliminary investigations suggested that the youth committed suicide by jumping before the train. However, the exact motive could not be ascertained as no suicide note was found, he said. He said the abetment angle will be investigated only when the boy's parents submit a written complaint seeking action against the accused. The inspector at Chakeri said the body was handed over to his family members after a postmortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17331973", "title": "Lokayukta serves notice to chief secretary", "text": "BHOPAL: Lokayukta Justice P P Naolekar on Thursday issued notice to chief secretary R Parshuram in connection with two different complaints lodged against the school education minister Archana Chitnis in an alleged Rs 26 crore scam.Congress legislator and former minister Dr Govind Singh had lodged the complaint with the Lokayukta accusing the minister of misusing her official position to give undue benefit to two private companies besides a trust run by a senior Rashtriya Swyamsevak Sangh (RSS) functionary.When contacted, Justice Naolekar said that a preliminary enquiry (PE) has been initiated to probe the allegation. \"I have asked the CS to send a report on this issue,\" he told TOI.In his first complaint, Dr Singh alleged that, Chitnis had recommended the education department to subscribe 'Dev Putra' - magazine in allgovernment schools, putting aside a list of 100 magazines recommended by the Central government.Subsequently, the education department entered into an agreement with the Saraswati Bal Kalyan Nyas trust that each student will get two copies of the magazine, monthly for the next 15 years.The trust, is headed by Krishna Kumar Asthana, a senior RSS worker, he alleged adding the agreement was executed despite objections raised by senior bureaucrats. A sum of Rs 14.38 crore was paid for its subscription in schools between 2009 -11, from the pool of Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan. He claimed a major amount was paid much in advance.His second complaint is pertaining to a sum of Rs 11.6 crore sanctioned to two companies for repairing and changing the colour of blackboards - from black to green - in government-run schools.In this case also, Dr Singh accused the education minister of giving an undue benefit to the companies and herself. He alleged in June 2010, Chitnis had sent a directive to the then commissioner, public instruction, to take necessary steps for repairing and changing the colour of blackboards, citing that they were in a bad state. Her order was executed within two days, said Dr Singh adding tenders were given to two companies, known to the education minister.The department made a payment of paid Rs 500 per blackboard, which was much higher, he said. The education department paid Rs 11.6 crore to these companies from the Central fund allotted for maintenance of school buildingsHe has demanded the Lokayukta to register a case against the minister under the provisions of the Prevention of Corruption Act 1988.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "17333494", "title": "Abducted teacher still traceless", "text": "JORHAT: Three armed militants of Advasi National Liberation Army (ANLA) kidnapped the headmaster of Paharline number 2 LP School, Gobin Goswami, from Folongni area in Golaghat district on Wednesday afternoon while he was on his way back from school. However even a day later, security forces are still clueless about the abduction of the teacher.A joint operation of police, CRPF and Army was carried out in different areas of Golaghat and Karbi Anglong district after the abduction and the operation is still on, police said. The kidnappers took the headmaster towards the Karbi angling hills in their motorcycle.The officer in charge of Golaghat police station Dilip Saikia said, \"We launched an operation in Golaghat and Karbi Anglong districts but nothing has been found so far. We expect to rescue the teacher soon.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17330506", "title": "David Headley shadow over resumption of cricketing ties with Pakistan", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government on Thursday sounded a word of caution about the resumption of cricket ties with Pakistan saying that one of the main 26/11 accused, David Coleman Headley , had entered India on the pretext of watching matches. Minister of state for external affairs E Ahmed said the issue of visas to Pakistani nationals coming to India to watch cricket matches at various venues will be in accordance with \"extant rules and regulations\".\"India continues to make efforts to build peaceful and stable relations with Pakistan,\" said Ahmed, a day after India hanged Ajmal Kasab , one of the perpetrators of Mumbai attacks. \"This includes promotion of sporting ties. However, terrorism against India emanating from Pakistan and territory under its control remains a core concern for us,\" he added.Government has given clearance to BCCI for Pakistan cricket team's tour to India to participate in three One Day Internationals (ODIs) and two T20 matches from December 25 to January 6. The matches will be played in Bengaluru, Ahmedabad, Delhi, Chennai and Kolkata.\"As per available information, two alleged conspirators of Mumbai terror attack, as revealed by David Coleman Headley, visited New Delhi in 2005 on the pretext of watching India-Pakistan cricket match,\" said Ahmed.According to the minister, the government has conveyed to the Pakistan leadership, including at the highest levels that Islamabad must abide by its commitment that it will not allow its territory and territory under its control to be used for aiding and abetting of terrorist activities against India and for providing sanctuaries to such terrorist groups. \"It has also been conveyed to Pakistan that an expeditious and successful conclusion of the investigation and trial relating to those involved in the Mumbai attacks would be a major confidence building measure and would help bridge the trust deficit,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17333982", "title": "Three suicides reported in Kanpur", "text": "KANPUR: Three separate incidents of suicide were reported from the city on Thursday. 50-year-old wife of a businessman jumped from the balcony of her flat on the 7th floor in the Anand Palace apartment in Khalasi Line area under the Gwaltoli police station on Thursday morning.\"Meenu Agarwal left a suicide note in which she had stated that she was not keeping well since sometime and attributed the same for taking this extreme step,\" a police officer said.Elsewhere, a seventeen-year-old girl committed suicide at her Barra home. The police identified the deceased as Priya Banerjee, daughter of Shapath Kumar Banerjee, a resident of EWS Barra-2.Cops said she was found hanging at her home on Thursday morning. The police after conducting preliminary investigations sent the body for post-mortem examination.A 75-year-old man reportedly committed suicide by hanging himself in his house under Anwarganj police station. According to reports, the police identified the deceased as Ramchandra Sonker, a resident of Latouche road.Body was sent for post-mortem examination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17334025", "title": "Officials' apathy leaves ghat in a shambles", "text": "VARANASI: While the Heritage cell of Varanasi Municipal Corporation (VMC) initially identified Boondi Parkota Ghat under the Inclusive Heritage-based City Development Programme ( IHCDP), the deteriorating condition of the ghat speaks volumes about the officials' apathy towards the city's ghats which are slowly slipping into oblivion despite their rich heritage.Located in the northern stretch of Ganga, Bundi Parkota ghat was built by Raja Surajana Hada, the king of Bundi, a town near Rajasthan's Udaipur in around 1580 AD. According to locals of the area, the ghat was once an epitome of Rajasthani architecture and aesthetically more beautiful than any other ghats along the banks of Ganga.Above the ghat, there also existed a palace of Bundi state which at present is nothing but debris of collapsed structures.Despite the fact that the ghat has a huge open space as compared to other ghats, the stairs along the banks of Ganga are missing on this ghat. Stone slabs and parts of collapsed structures like bricks and stones were lying along the banks.According to Ajeet Singh, a local resident, base walls of the palace were erected with new stone and few parts of the old palace, during restoration work carried out in around 1986.The ghat, however, lost the palace and its previous architecture. In fact, the new wall that was constructed with a view to preserve the ghat mere encompasses self germinating plants, grazing animals and a public lavatory which is used by none.In fact, the red stone wall is being painted yellow, which may alter the original appearance of the wall. Half of the ghat has been captured by washermen. In fact, there are rumors among the locals that VMC will soon convert it into a permanent washing ghat (Dhobi Ghat). However, additional municipal commissioner, Sachidanand Singh denied any such plan. At the same time, although declared as a priority heritage site, Bundi Parkota Ghat has no immediate heritage development plans in the pipeline. Singh explained that local residents of the ghat, public representatives and experts will be consulted and a city development plan will be prepared accordingly. It will take around 18 months for the things to finalise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17328989", "title": "'No stay on mobile tower construction'", "text": "MUMBAI: A Kalyan civil court on Thursday rejected a plea seeking a stay on the construction of a cellphone tower in a Kalyan housing society. The court rejected the plea, filed by some shop owners of New Mayuresh Darshan Housing Society, said that the tower was illegal and a health hazard. The petition was filed by some of shop owners of New Mayuresh Darshan Housing Society, Kalyan who disputed the construction of the tower.Advocate Manoj Siniwar, representing Indus Towers which was constructing the tower for a cellphone company, said, \"The court took into consideration evidence presented by the WHO report and government-constituted committee of experts.\" Among the defendants were the society and other shop owners who supported the construction.Reacting to the verdict, Rajan S Mathews, director general, Cellular Operators Association of India (COAI), said, \"We are hopeful that our partnership with the government, civic bodies and citizens will continue to assuage the concerns that the public have regarding the health effects of EMF emissions and ensure they are informed of the true scientific facts on the matter and be assured that their safety is being safeguarded with utmost sincerity and priority by the industry.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17328786", "title": "Milos Raonic skips Chennai Open", "text": "CHENNAI: Milos Raonic was a big hit in Chennai last year with his big serves and indomitable spirit.But the Canadian world No 13 won't defend his Chennai Open title, the organisers confirmed on Thursday. The Canadian ace will be playing the Brisbane International tournament, which will also be played from December 30-Jan 6, as preparation for the Australian Open.With Raonic out, world No 6 Tomas Berdych , last year's finalist Janko Tipsarevic , two-time former singles champion Marin Cilic and Stanislas Wawrinka will be the top four seeds for the tournament.Leander Paes, Mahesh Bhupathi and Rohan Bopanna have confirmed their participation, while Somdev Devvarman has been handed a wild card, said Tamil Nadu Tennis Association (TNTA) president MA Alagappan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17330968", "title": "Rebellion breaks out in Congress", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "17332053", "title": "Welfare programme for students launched", "text": "LOHARDAGA: The health department in the district launched a school health programme, an initiative of the health and family welfare department of the state government, for children of primary, middle and high school on Thursday. The programme, now in its second year in the district, was inaugurated by DDC Shravan Say, CS Rajkumar Bake and DSE Farhana Khatoon at a function in Kasturba Gandhi Middle School here. The programme began in seven blocks simultaneoulsy.Bake said last year the programme met 90% of the target it had set out to achieve. He added that efforts are on to make it cent percent this year. \"Seventy three ANMs in 73 sub-health centres, over 300 anganvadi sevikas, 470 sahhiyas and nodal teachers in all the schools have been involved to make the programme a success in the entire district. It is a half-yearly programme aimed at examining the health of schoolchildren with the state government's renewed focus on child healthcare,\" said he. Through regular camps, health workers will examine the health of the students and mention the findings and progress in healthcards provided to schools, said the CS. Say, underscoring the importance of a sound body for a sound mind, said, \"The students stand to benefit from this. This may also help them do better in their studies.\"Khatoon assured that the education department will extend its full support to make the programme a success. Schoolgirls put up a cultural show to mark the programme that was also attended by medical officer-in-charge of Sadar Block Rajshree Chaudhury, DPM Najish Akhtar, Vikash Singh, Satyajeet Deogharia, Arun Ram and headmistress of the school Sabita Kumari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "jaipur/bikaner", "code": "17330491", "title": "14 killed in Churu bus-truck collision", "text": "JAIPUR/BIKANER: At least 14 people were killed and 39 others were seriously injured when a private bus collided head on with a truck on a mega highway near Churu's Sardarshahar town on Thursday morning.The bus was on its way to Karanpur in Sriganganagar district from Jaipur. Most of the passengers died in the sleep as the mishap occurred in the wee hours. Police said that the drivers and helpers of the bus as well as the truck were killed. The injured are undergoing treatment at various hospitals. The condition of at least 11 of them is serious, police said.According to the police, the mishap occurred on Ganganagar - Hanumangarh Mega Highway, some eight kilometres from Sardarshahar, around 2.45 am. There were nearly 55 passengers in the bus.\"Most of them are residents of Hanumangarh, Churu, Sriganganagar and Jhunjhunu districts,\" said the officer.According to local residents, they heard a loud thud in the night and woke up from the sleep. Some of them rushed to the highway and found that the two vehicles rammed each other. Several passengers were crying for help and got stuck in the bus.The villagers informed the police, district administration and hospital authorities following which ambulances were rushed to the spot. At least 13 of the passengers including two women had died on the spot by the time help reached them.\"It is hard to ascertain how the accident was caused as most of the passengers were sleeping while the drivers of bus and the truck died in the mishap. However, the four-lane road doesn't have a road divider and visibility was poor,\" said a police officer.The injured were rushed to hospitals in Bikaner, Sriganganagar and Hanumangarh. At least two of them have been referred to SMS Hospital in Jaipur. The condition of a dozen injured is stated to be serious.The victims include Hanuman Prasad (29), his wife Sita Devi (25), Sukhdev (34), Sukhpal Singh (30), Hansraj Dhanka, Heera Singh, Succha Singh, Prahlad (33), Gurjesh Singh (34), Gajanan Khateek (28), Bagaru Singh and Vimal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17330938", "title": "Contractor held for cheating woman", "text": "COIMBATORE: A school headmistress was cheated of Rs 4.7 lakh by a building contractor who promised to construct a house for her at Puliyakulam in the city. The city police arrested the building contractor on Wednesday.Police said, C Lilliraj Flora, 56 of Jaganathan Pillai Street in Puliyakulam is a head mistress at Ranganathar elementary school at Gandhipuram in the city. On April 13, K Mohan Prabhu, 30, a building contractor of Udumalpet and his friend R Saravanan had approached the headmistress and showed virtual images of some buildings, promising to construct a similar house for her. She believed their words and gave them Rs 4.70 lakh on October 19. When the duo failed to construct the house for her, she asked them to return her money immediately. The duo threatened her with dire consequences.Flora lodged a complaint with Ramanathapuram police station on Wednesday. Police inspector N Velmurugan registered a case against the accused Mohan Prabhu and Saravanan under section 420 (cheating and dishonestly inducing delivery of property) and 506 (ii) (criminal intimidation) of IPC.Police arrested Mohan Prabhu on Wednesday while Saravanan is on the run.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17329726", "title": "Long road to regularised auto fares in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: Transport authorities in Mumbai and Chennai decided to revise autorickshaw fares around the same time nine months ago. Officials in Mumbai promptly released a new tariff card but despite protests from autorickshaw drivers and pressure from their unions, but Chennaiites are likely to face a long wait before the new fares are fixed.Auto drivers took to the streets in Mumbai in February and a group of citizens got the ball rolling in Chennai. The group posted an online petition that was endorsed by 6,000 people by late June. The Tamil Nadu transport department submitted a report with the revised fares to the home department in July.\"After we learned that the transport a report had submitted a report with revised fares, we held a protest in September we were not consulted on the new rates even though we are one of the main stakeholders. Officials promised to hold a meeting, but it still has not taken place,\" said M S Rajendran, president of the state's largest autorickshaw driver union.The new fares came into effect in Mumbai in October. The tariff was determined by a dynamic formula devised by a committee appointed by the Maharashtra government. The Hakim Committee calculated that a monthly income of Rs 12,000 would be fare and, taking into consideration the drivers' operational costs, set a fare of Rs 10 per km.The Maharashtra government later reduced the monthly income to Rs 11,000 and the fare to Rs 9/km. However, in September, due to a change in the consumer price index, the transport authorities revised the tariff again to Rs 9.87/km.The Hakim committee took three months to come up with a report after written representations from 76 stakeholders. While the report was being prepared, the Maharashtra government imposed an interim hike of Re 1/km in March.Meticulous planning and a dynamic system allow for changes in tariff on a regular basis, and autorickshaw drivers and customers have no complaints. The formula considers not just the cost of fuel, but also the cost of living (consumer price index), the rate of depreciation of the autorickshaw and bank loans for the vehicle's purchase.The Maharashtra government implemented the new fare in October and the transport department gave auto drivers a deadline of November 25 to recalibrate their meters and start following the new tariff.In Chennai, however, the average commuter still has to bargain with auto drivers, mostly in multiples of 10.The Tamil Nadu transport department came out with a report on the new fares 10 days after the online petition was submitted to the transport commissioner. Sources in the home department, where the report is now stuck, say that they are still in the process of collecting feedback before they finalise the new tariff. The deputy secretary who was tasked with clearing report has now been shifted out, further delaying the process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17329714", "title": "Prisoners, cops learn life-saving skills at Tihar", "text": "NEW DELHI: It was a lesson with a difference for inmates of Tihar Jail who were on Thursday imparted life-saving skills by doctors.The two-day programme educated 2,000 prisoners and 150 staff about saving lives in emergencies was conducted by Indraprastha Apollo Hospital. It included proper cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) for children and adults.\"In jails, we have many prisoners who might be suffering from an underlying condition that can cause an emergency situation, for example sudden heart attack or epileptic attack. It is important for those present at the scene to know appropriate resuscitation skills and put them in practice. The initiative aims to achieve this,\" said Shamsher Singh, the superintendent of jail number 4 where the training programme was conducted on Thursday.Dr Pryadarchini Pal Singh, head of department, accidents and emergency, Apollo Hospital, said that the initiative was part of its community outreach programme.\"Through the Basic Life Support training, we would like to educate everyone with the dos and don'ts in case of an emergency situation and help them become more responsible citizens to help save lives in times of crisis,\" she said. The training was organized for 2,000 inmates and 150 police personnel posted in the prisons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17330442", "title": "Air India-Indian Airlines feud hits 787 training", "text": "NEW DELHI: You may have never been allowed to choose your examiner who will determine whether you fail or pass an exam, but the animosity between pilots of erstwhile Air India and Indian Airlines has for the first time led to such a demand - and that too to fly a brand new plane! The reason: IA pilots claim they want to choose 'fair' AI trainers.IA pilots have so far refused to be trained for the Boeing 787 Dreamliner by AI instructor-examiners and were being taught by Boeing's own trainers. The aircraft manufacturer has prepared a number of AI commanders who can now, in turn, train IA pilots for the Dreamliner.AI pilots got trained faster as they were flying the similar Boeing-777 aircraft while IA pilots are migrating from the Airbus A-320/330 to Boeing's latest product. Now it's time for the Boeing trainers - who came as part of the aircraft purchase deal to train AI pilots at no extra cost - to return to the US. Training is imparted with the instructor on the right seat and the under-training pilot on the left and vice versa depending on whether the person being trained is for captaincy or first officer.The return of Boeing trainers has sparked a crisis that threatens to put a shadow on training IA pilots for the new plane as more B-787s are poised to join the airline's fleet from next month. A senior IA pilot said: \"Given the huge animosity in AI and IA, it is not possible for them to fly together. Pay disparity adds to the problem. Given this background, it is not feasible to be trained by AI guys as that could lead to tension in the cockpit, a highly avoidable situation and detrimental to flight safety.\"Now IA pilots are demanding that they be allowed to choose from the AI training captains on the Dreamliner so that those \"with lesser animosity\" to them can train them. Their senior AI counterparts, who are in charge of the 787 programme, are not amenable to the idea of being picked and chosen.\"IA pilots are not going to accept if an AI trainer does not pass them for the 787. There are even demands for a board to re-assess an IA pilot if he or she is failed by the AI trainer. This is not good for safety,\" an AI official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17330547", "title": "Uttar Pradesh's 'most wanted' nabbed in Jaipur", "text": "JAIPUR: In a major breakthrough Special Task Force (STF) along with Jaipur police arrested a mafia don Sushil alias 'Moonch' from Pink Square Mall on Wednesday night. A joint team nabbed 58-year-old Sushil while he was watching 'Jab Tak Hai Jaan' at Pink Square Mall in the city with one of his accomplices. He was wanted in more than 40 cases of extortion, contract killings and murders and was the most wanted fugitive of Uttar Pradesh. Police had also carried a reward of Rs 1 lakh on his head.\"At 10.30pm when the police team found that Sushil was at Pink Square Mall through his mobile, they cordoned off the mall. Since most of the stores were closed, we thought that he could be at one of the cinema halls,\" said a senior police officer of Jaipur police. A joint team comprising of more than two dozen cops including senior officers of SOG, UP and Jaipur police identified him watching 'Jab Tak Hai Jaan'. \"We covered him and asked him to surrender without disturbing anyone,\" said Naresh Kumar, ACP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "17328940", "title": "Absence of signboard killed pilgrims: Cops", "text": "KOTTAYAM: The absence of a signboard at Elavunkal Junction that is visible at night resulted in the accident, which killed two Sabarimala pilgrims from Tamil Nadu on Wednesday night.Two months ago, the motor vehicles department (MVD) had proposed the setting up of a signboard at the junction indicating the directions to various destinations, but the public works department had turned down this request. On Thursday, MVD officials explained the issue to Pathanamthitta district collector V N Jithendran.Thiruchanam (35) and Velliarasu (65) from Thiruvannamalai were killed in the accident when a tourist bus (TN 25H/6364) lost control, rammed a parked mini bus (TN25R/3054) and crashed into a restaurant in Thulappally around 10.15 pm on Wednesday, police said.Around 22 persons were injured in the accident and some were taken to the government medical college and others were admitted to a private hospital in Mukkoottuthara.Both pilgrims, who were passengers of the mini bus to Sabarimala, were sleeping in front of the restaurant when the bus ran over them. They died on the spot. Police said the route is an accident-prone area since the road is very steep, vehicles can't break in time. Traffic is banned through this road since many accidents had occurred here before.The bus returning from Sabarimala had taken the Pathanamthitta route from Elavunkal Junction instead of Erumely. After they realized their mistake, they took a shortcut through the Old Erumely Road also known as Thulappally-Alappattupady Road.Usually, policemen are posted here to stop vehicles from taking this route. But on Wednesday night, there were no policemen and the driver took this road.The bodies of both pilgrims were sent back home in an ambulance provided by the revenue department after autopsy on Thursday afternoon. Department officials said Thiruvannamalai panchayat president had come to accept the bodies. The bodies will be taken in another ambulance from Theni.Eight of the injured were discharged on Thursday while 11 others are still undergoing treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17329104", "title": "Now, CB-CID to probe tender scam", "text": "NOIDA: In a major setback to Uttar Pradesh Police, the investigation of a scam involving sanctioning of Rs 954 crore worth tenders has been transferred to the CB-CID. All formalities have been made in this connection and on Wednesday a team of CB-CID reached Gautam Budh Nagar to recover documents and evidences related to the scam.\"The investigation has been handed over to us from UP Police and now our team will investigate the alleged scam,\" said a CB-CID official.On June 13, 2012, Noida Authority got an FIR registered against two suspended engineers for alleged irregularities and fund embezzlement in the execution of infrastructure projects worth Rs 954 crore. The Authority had also suspended the then engineer-in-chief Yadav Singh and project engineer Ramendra for alleged fraud.The police had lodged an FIR against the duo as well as two Ghaziabad-based construction companies \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Tirupati and JSP \u00e2\u20ac\u201d under various sections of the Indian Penal Code, besides sections of the Prevention of Corruption Act and Gangster and Anti-Social Activities (Prevention) Act.Singh was said to be \"extremely close\" to former Uttar Pradesh chief minister Mayawati and was responsible for execution of all infrastructure projects in Noida. Other officials were also reportedly involved, but they managed to get a clean chit.Two days after the suspension and the FIR on June 13, Noida Authority CEO Sanjeev Saran had a notice pasted at Singh's house. The Authority turned the heat on him when the Samajwadi Party came to power in the state. The CEO had sealed the office of Yadav Singh and relieved him of his charges before he was suspended and booked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17329647", "title": "Noida e-way accidents prompt safety steps", "text": "TIMES IMPACTNOIDA: The Noida-Greater Noida Expressway witnessed yet another serious accident in the early hours of Thursday. A four-car pileup left ten people injured, two of whom received serious injuries and have been admitted in hospital. Noida Authority, finally taking cognizance of the increasing number of fatal accidents, has decided to implement a Rs 15 crore Intelligent Transport System (ITS) to monitor and manage traffic flow on the expressway.The accident occurred around 3am on Thursday when four BPO executives \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Dheeraj Goel, Arun, Manav Malhotra and Sunny Oberoi \u00e2\u20ac\u201d were returning from their Sector 82 office to their residence in Delhi. \"After taking the underpass to reach the expressway, they passed Sector 125 near HCL when a truck ahead of them suddenly swerved to the right. It hit the Santro, which due to the impact somersaulted several times, hit the central verge and finally climbed on it,\" police said.An i20, which was travelling right behind the Santro, tried to avoid the vehicles involved in the accident, but climbed on to the road divider. A Honda City car behind the i20 also got involved in the pileup and got damaged, police said.The injured were later taken to hospital by cops. While two of the injured, Dheeraj and Manav, are seriously wounded, the others were given first aid and allowed to go. Dheeraj has been admitted to the ICU of Kailash hospital, while Manav has a fractured shoulder and has been referred to Delhi for treatment, police said.Since its inception in 2002, the expressway has been the site of hundreds of deaths. In the past six months, around 25 people have lost their lives. \"To make the speedway accident free, Noida Authority has decided to implement an ITS, which aims to control incidents of over-speeding, fatal accidents and traffic congestion to provide safe and secure transport on the expressway for commuters,\" said Sanjiv Saran, CEO, Noida.Saran said the system would reduce travel time, improve traffic regulation and surveillance, besides reducing operational costs and incident reaction time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17328677", "title": "Nationwide to form nationwide apolitical body needed: Anna", "text": "PUNE: Social crusader Anna Hazare on Thursday underlined the need to form a nationwide apolitical organization which will initiate a movement to ensure that people vote for good and clean candidates without considering party lines and their \"unholy offerings\".In his blog posted on Thursday, Hazare said there was a need to build public pressure which will govern the governments irrespective of which political party comes to power. \"All parties have only one crucial fear - the fear of losing the power,\" he said.\"This country will change only if we elect good representatives to our Parliament. My train-tour of the country starts in the month of January,\" he added.Hazare stated that post freedom, India witnessed a substantial de-valuation of democratic systems and the key reason why it happened was the 'non-alert' voter. \"Many voters succumb to a bottle of liquor, money and other such allurements offered to them by corrupt candi-dates. Unfortunately, caste and creed too are proving to be influential factors rather than merit of a good candidate. Apart from this, lack of political awareness is also a reason why good people are not elected in Lok Sabha and other legislative houses\", Hazare stated.He said that it was unfortunate that 65 years after Independence, Indians have not recognized the importance of their own votes. \"Corruption free India\" is possible only when every Indian decides not to vote for corrupts and says 'no' to corruption while going to election booth for voting\", he further said. He called for a voters' awakening programme in villages, towns, cities and metros.\"Unless the country elects clean and ethically sound people, Parliament will not be forced to make anti-corruption laws such as Jan Lokpal, Right to Reject, Right to Recall, Right to Service, Citizens' Charter etc\", he said.The Gandhian said that besides corruption, there was a need to look into farmers' issues seriously as the farmers' financial situation was getting critical day by day. \"The government which cannot protect the interest of small and poor farmers has no moral right to continue in the power\", he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17330131", "title": "3 accused, including lover couple held for murder", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Sonipat police on Thursday arrested the girl, her lover and their friend for allegedly strangulating girl's mother to death.Shweta, the accused daughter, her boyfriend Surender and his friend Rinku were arrested on the night intervening Wednesday and Thursday. The judicial magistrate first class (JMIC) on Thursday ordered police remand for Surender, while remanding Rinku and Shweta to judicial custody.The incident took place in October when Shweta's mother Sheila had gone missing from home in Gohana town of Sonipat. Sheila had been opposing Shweta's love affair with Surender. During interrogation, Shweta, Surender and Rinku confessed to have strangulated Sheila to death. Later, Shweta and Surender got married on November 7,'' the police said.Further investigations are in progress and Surender is interrogated for recovery of material used in Sheila's alleged strangulation, the police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17329463", "title": "Iranian scholar held for taking photos near Israel embassy", "text": "NEW DELHI: An Iranian research scholar, in the capital for a seminar at the Jawaharlal Nehru University, was detained twice by the police and subjected to questioning after Israeli embassy officials found him taking pictures near the embassy on Wednesday and handed him over to the cops.Milad Kharid Shahidi, 25, an Iranian national who is doing a PhD from London School of Economics , was detained for several hours and questioned by special branch and IB officials before being released at night. Cops then landed up at JNU's Aravalli guesthouse after midnight and again took him to the Vasant Kunj police station for questioning. He was released around 1.30am after the intervention of JNU professors and students.Police described the detention as routine and said Shahidi was later allowed to leave the country. JNU sources said the research scholar did not know he was near the Israel embassy. They said he was taking pictures of the road, which he found to be beautiful, when he was accosted by Israeli security staff.With Kasab's hanging taking place on Wednesday and last year's attack on the Israeli embassy staffer still fresh in their minds, cops said they did not want to take any chance. Sources said it did not help that Shahidi was carrying a rough sketch of the area, drawn by JNU Students Union members to help him navigate the city, and refused to say where he got it from.Shahidi was in Delhi to attend a seminar organized by the Centre for the Study of Regional Development. According to JNU sources, he was an official guest of the varsity.\"On November 21, Shahidi went to visit the office of CSH (Centre de Sciences Humanaines), located opposite the Israel embassy in Delhi for some academic discussions. After the meeting, just like any other tourist, he clicked a photograph of the road which appeared to him to be 'very beautiful because of the greenery around it' without knowing that the Israeli Embassy was just across the road,\" a JNUSU statement on Thursday said.\"Immediately officials from the Israeli embassy started interrogating him and after seeing his passport, they called the police,\" the statement added.Milad was taken to the Tughlak Road police station and interrogated for hours. \"We were merely doing our duty. It was a coincidence that he was clicking pictures of the Israeli embassy. If he was found clicking photos of some other embassy, we would have still detained him. That we let him leave the country shows we did not find anything incriminating,\" said an officer.JNUSU general secretary Shakeel Anjum said the cops not let Shahidi call up anyone for about three hours. \"After getting a help call, some scholars at CSH, one of them a JNU student, reached the police station and told the police that he had come for a seminar at JNU. Later, a JNU faculty member also reached the police station. In spite of this, the cops interrogated him for several more hours before letting him go around 9pm,\" Anjum said.Students claim what followed next was even more shocking. Police and IB officials again picked him up from Aravalli guesthouse in JNU around midnight. \"This time, before the interrogation started, he managed to alert other guests who had come for the seminar. A JNU teacher and students went to the Vasant Kunj police station where they were told that the cops had taken permission from JNU's chief security officer before detaining Shahidi. But neither was the CSO present at the police station nor was it possible to contact him,\" Anjum said.Shahidi allowed to leave around 1.30am. \"The police refused to give details about the questioning,\" Anjum added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "17331240", "title": "Power restored to parts of Vasco", "text": "VASCO: Power was restored in several parts of Vasco town by Thursday morning after electricity department personnel worked overnight along with MPT officials to restore it.Gopinathan Pillai, executive engineer, said \"Repair work started at about 10pm on Wednesday and by 7am, the next day the cables were restored. After charging them, the city was supplied with power at 8am.\"Though experts were called in on Thursday morning from Ponda, the power department at Vasco, aided by help provided MPT, managed to complete the job.The experts arrived from Ponda later and oversaw the completed work.Pillai added \"The Vasco electricity department will be handing over the estimates on paper of the loss which comes to 5 lakh and MPT will discuss with the contractors, Vaishnavi Contractors Pvt Ltd from Hyderabad, about the payment.\"Mormugao police said that the contractor, G A Subrahamanacharyulu, 57, of Andhra Pradesh , the project manager and Mohammed Chodalam, 22, the JCB driver from Bihar , were arrested on Thursday morning and later released on bail.The project manager told police that they were not informed about the underground cables, a police official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17328598", "title": "Dengue unrelenting despite fall in temp", "text": "PUNE: Despite the recent chill in the air, there has been no respite for the city from dengue fever cases. On an average, 10 new cases are being recorded everyday. On Thursday, the city reported 15 new cases of dengue fever.\"The winter chill is slowly setting in and the number of dengue cases will come down in the days to come,\" said S T Pardeshi, medical officer of health (MoH), Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC).The city has so far reported 825 dengue fever cases. Among them, the highest number of cases (354) was reported this month. Last week, 75 new cases of dengue fever were reported.Nine people have succumbed to the fever so far. Among them, six were residents of Pune city. Four of them were found to have breeding places of the aedes aegypti mosquito, the dengue vector, right inside their houses.Usually the chill in the weather increases after Diwali. This results in a reduction in the number of mosquitoes and, consequently, in the number of dengue cases.\"Every year the number of dengue cases comes down after Diwali. But this year, many people are falling ill due to dengue even now,\" a doctor from a private hospital said.PMC officials, however, reassured that there was no need to panic. \"The number of dengue cases is likely to fall as mosquitoes responsible for spreading it are not able to survive in cold weather,\" said Vaishali Jadhav, head of the insect control department, PMC.Doctors said, \"The aedes mosquito goes into hibernation when the temperature dips. The favourable condition for mosquito breeding is a humidity level of 60% and an atmospheric temperature between 21 and 23 degrees celsius.\"On Thursday, the atmospheric temperature in the city was 13.4 degree celsius with 50% humidity level. On a few days last week, the city reported lower temperature and even cold wave conditions.Officials said that it is a myth that smoke from firecrackers kills mosquitoes and reduces cases of vector-borne diseases. \"It is due to the onset of cold weather, and not because of smoke, that the number of mosquitoes reduces,\" an official said.Health experts said the people should remain alert since the cold weather increases the chances of catching swine flu. Pregnant women , elderly people and those having respiratory problems need to take extra precautions, they added.The mosquito breeds primarily in earthenware jars, metal drums and concrete cisterns used for domestic water storage, as well as discarded plastic containers, used automobile tyres and other items that collect rainwater. The only method of controlling or preventing dengue virus transmission is to combat the vector mosquitoes.\"Proper solid waste disposal and water storage practices, including covering the containers to deny access to egg-laying female mosquitoes, should be followed,\" Pardeshi said.The PMC's insect control department has identified 31,881 permanent mosquito-breeding places, mainly at construction sites, swimming pools and on river embankments. The civic body has 188 production units of guppy fish that eat mosquito larvae.Symptoms of typical uncomplicated (classic) dengue usually start with fever within 4 to 7 days of the infected mosquito's bite. A typical patient of dengue fever has flu-like high fever and extreme muscular and joint pain, doctors said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17329499", "title": "India eyes Israel's Iron Dome to counter Pak, puppets", "text": "NEW DELHI: As Fajr V rockets rained down on Israel from battleground Gaza for a week, many Indian defense planners were keeping a close watch on the performance of Israel's Iron Dome, which is probably the only deterrent to these homegrown short-range missiles.It was not just out of curiosity regarding one of the most effective systems against rockets, but also because of the possibility of India acquiring an indigenous version of Iron Dome.Several months ago, the military scientists in the Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) had suggested that India look at a joint development programme with Israeli firms to develop an Indian version of Iron Dome, which is touted as the most effective system against short-range missiles such as Fajr V rockets. The Indian scientists believe Israel's plight has several parallels to its threat from Pakistan as well as the vulnerability of its cities from terrorists.The Iron Dome, according to reports, intercepted 87% of the rockets fired at Israel by the Hamas. The system, produced by Israel's Rafael Advanced Defense Systems and at work since 2011, is believed to have the capability to shoot down rockets and artillery shells with ranges of up to 70 km. The system has been shown to be effective against rockets or shells that might target populated areas.In the Indian military establishment, the temptation for acquiring this new toy is explained by the fact that India is ringed by hostile neighbours. Pakistani terror groups like Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) could well acquire similar capability that would threaten large groups of Indian population. Even otherwise, the strategic planners have for long been worried about the deadly effect of short-range rockets fired at Indian cities or from across the border.Unlike ballistic missiles, against which DRDO claims to have a fairly good anti-ballistic missile shield, there is almost no protection against short-range rockets or artillery fire. DRDO is currently collaborating with Israeli firms to develop medium range surface to air missiles (MRSAMs) and LRSAMs. However, Iron Dome is in a different class all together, Israeli diplomatic sources here argue.One of the reasons why some Indian defence planners is pushing for it is the possibility of another conflict with Pakistan, where a system like the Iron Dome might be useful to deter even conventional artillery attacks. In addition, Pakistan has developed a tactical nuclear weapon like the Nasr, which is a solid fuelled battlefield range ballistic missile. While Pakistani analysts say this was developed in anticipation of India's supposed Cold Start doctrine, some Indian sources say the Iron Dome might be an effective deterrent against this new weapon.On the other hand, acquiring such defensive systems in anticipation of similar attacks might prove to be too much a temptation for groups like LeT. While they haven't yet developed rockets like the ones the Hamas has been using, the lure of such home-grown weaponry should not be under-estimated, say diplomatic sources.According to sources, there have been some discussions between DRDO and their Israeli counterparts for a possible joint development of Iron Dome for India. \"The Israeli team comes and works in our laboratories. Our team goes and works in their laboratories and industries. There is a learning that is taking place which was not there when we buy things and integrate with existing products... In directed energy weapons \u00e2\u20ac\u201d we are focusing on fibre laser, high powered micro-waves, etc. We have also started discussions with Iron Dome for co-development (in India),\" Dr W Selvamurthy, Chief Controller looking after international cooperation, told the Economic Times recently.How it works:* The system detects launches of rockets and quickly determines their flight path. If it is headed toward populated areas or sensitive targets, it fires an interceptor with a special warhead that strikes the incoming rocket within seconds. Rockets headed toward open areas area allowed to land.* Currently, five Iron Dome batteries are deployed in Israel. Most are located in the south near Gaza. A fifth battery was deployed outside Tel Aviv on Saturday, two months ahead of schedule. Hours later, it shot down a rocket headed toward Tel Aviv.*Missiles cost around $40,000 a piece. In 2010, the US provided $200 million to expand development. Additional funding is currently being considered, with $70 million already allocated for this fiscal year.*The system is part of what Israel calls its \"multilayer missile defense\". It is meant to protect against the tens of thousands of short-range rockets possessed by militants in the Gaza Strip and Hezbollah guerrillas in Lebanon . Israel has also deployed its \" Arrow \" missile defense systems for long-range threats from Iran . The military says its new \"David's Sling\" system, being developed by Rafael to stop medium-range missiles, will be activated by 2014.(Source: AP)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17328867", "title": "Discussion on sickle cell testing facilities inconclusive", "text": "NAGPUR: A meeting called on Thursday to hold discussion on prenatal diagnosis facilities pertaining to sickle cell disease in the city proved inconclusive. The meeting was aimed at reviewing the sickle cell control programme being implemented by the government since last 13 years. Those present included officials from deputy directorate of health services (DDHS), representatives from National Rural Health Mission (NRHM), Directorate of Medical Education and Research (DMER), Sickle Cell Society of India and doctors from both the government hospitals in the city.With prenatal diagnosis being the only way to prevent the birth of children affected by SCD, the facility is important for a region known to have a high prevalence of the disease. However, after the closure of Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) project at Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) earlier this year, the facility is unavailable at both GMCH and Indira Gandhi Government Medical College and Hospital (IGMCH).DDHS opined that the facility must be started in at least one of the hospitals. NRHM also offered to provide funds for the creation of the required infrastructure. The doctors, however, said that both the hospitals were facing severe manpower shortage. Also, since most of the patients come from villages and are not very educated, there is a need for counsellors too. The doctors also said that a separate unit or department was needed to take care of the facility.Sickle Cell Society of India expressed surprise over the fact that despite adopting the sickle cell programme in Vidarbha way back in 1999, the state government has not been able to streamline services to the patients or come out with a strategy to deal with high prevalence of SCD in the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17330967", "title": "Virender Sehwag's formidable figures", "text": "On Friday, Sehwag will become the 9th Indian player to appear in 100 Tests or more, joining Sachin Tendulkar (191), Rahul Dravid (164), VVS Laxman (134), Anil Kumble (132), Kapil Dev (131), Sunil Gavaskar (125), Dilip Vengsarkar (116) and Sourav Ganguly (113).Holds the record for the highest average among openers with 7,000 runs or more Test runs -- 8069 runs at an average of 51.72 in 94 Tests.His 168-ball double century against Sri Lanka in Mumbai in 2009-10 is the quickest by an Indian and the second-quickest in Test history, next only to the 153-ball double ton by Kiwi Nathan Astle against England at Christchurch in 2001-02.Is the only batsman in Test history to have registered three double hundreds off less than 200 balls.In the list of 10 quickest double hundreds of all time, Sehwag figures five times.His tally of 22 hundreds as an opener is the joint fourth highest in Tests.Is the first and only batsman to hit two triple hundreds in Tests and a double ton in ODIs.Had scored 284 runs on the second day (293 off 254 balls) against Sri Lanka at Brabourne Stadium, Mumbai in Dec 2009 -- the most by an Indian batsman and the third-highest individual tally in a day's play in Tests, next only to 309 by Australia's Don Bradman against England at Leeds in 1930 and 295 by England's Wally Hammond against New Zealand at Auckland in March 1933.Sehwag's strike rate of 82.45 is the highest among batsmen with 6000 or more runs.Holds the world record for the fastest triple hundred in terms of balls taken -- 278 against SA at Chennai in March 2008.Times ViewVirender Sehwag playing his 100th Test match is not just a personal landmark for the batsman. It should serve as a cautionary warning for all those who equate aggressive batting with \"poor technique\" and a more defensive mindset with good technique.Sehwag's truly staggering achievements since his entry into Test cricket have proved how misplaced such notions are. The truth is that technique must be judged by what it achieves, not by how pleasing to the eye or 'classical' it looks.Fortunately, there were enough selectors around, in India and elsewhere, who did not quite buy into the conventional argument. But for that, we may never have seen a Sehwag, a Sanath Jayasuriya , a David Warner or, who knows, even a Kevin Pietersen in action in a Test match", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "bhupalapally", "code": "17330101", "title": "Six Maoist sympathisers held", "text": "BHUPALAPALLY: Six Maoist sympathisers were arrested by a special combing party near Deekshakunta forest area on Wednesday. DSP Parakala Surender Reddy said the six were working for Eturnagaram - Mahadevpur division committee. The division committee secretary Bade Chokkarao alias Damodar and Mekala Raju alias Rajkumar had ordered them to paste wall posters in their village. On November 4, the Maoist division committee secretary visited Deekshakunta village and secretly met Bobbili Raju who is the area organizer for Maoists. He handed over wall posters, gelatine sticks and detonators to him.With the assistance of the sympathisers, Ponnam Raju, Karam Mahesh, Eeda Komuraiah, Pulla Raghu and Diddi Satyam, Raju pasted the posters at Bhupalpally cross roads on November 9. Combing by special police parties was intensified in the forest areas and on a tip off, the six sympathisers were arrested near Deekshakunta forest area. The police seized two motor cycles, two detonators, and two bundles of gelatine sticks from them, DSP Surender Reddy said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17331817", "title": "This Diwali was less noisy, but wait before you rejoice", "text": "VADODARA: Data for this year's decibel levels recorded in Vadodara during Diwali by the state pollution Control Board (GPCB) is out, and it shows lesser noise pollution as compared to last year. But, environmentalist would have to hold back their thumping cheers, for now.\"The figures definitely show a decline in decibel levels, but, then we used a different technology to measure the average noise levels this year, so a comparison with last year's figures - which were collected through a different technology - would not be appropriate,\" R B Trivedi, regional officer, GPCB told TOI.The change was effected as per Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB) guidelines this year. Instead of continuing with the method of calculating through arithmetic average method, the department adopted LEQ method where logarithmic equivalent average is taken for noise levels recorded every hour over a period of six hours, at any given station. \"This system is considered more reliable,\" says Trivedi.Here are the new readings- In Subhanpura, the board recorded 71.2 dBA (adjusted decibel) while last year's reading was 93.9 dBA. In Gotri, dBA levels this year were 73.7 while last year's reading was 89.3 dBA. Dandiya Bazaar located in the heart of the city recorded 81.2 dBA while the reading last year was 90.8, and in Akota, the noise level stood at 72.3dBA this year .Last year's reading in Akota through Arithmetic average was 84.5 dBA.Meanwhile, the department is yet to assess the air ambient quality recorded through its three stations at Subhanpura, Gotri and Dandiya bazaar since it is in the process of calculating figures from all the four regions here. Pollution due to the polo ground market fire three days before Diwali, is also likely to be added to the readings since the Dandiya Bazaar station is likely to have registered some changes in the air quality on that day, Board officials reveal. \"It being a holiday, and most of the officers busy on election duties, we could not arrange for any special recording measure for the fire affected area, but some of the smoke would have drifted to the nearby Dandiya Bazaar,\" said a senior official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17329520", "title": "CCTV cameras, security upgrade in collectorate to ward off burglaries", "text": "NASHIK: Stung by the theft on Monday night in which two computers and a printer were stolen from Sanjay Gandhi Yojana office located in the collectorate, district collector Vikas Patil has said that closed ciecuit television cameras and security personnle would be deployed in the next few days.\"There appears to be some negligence about security. We have now decided to install the CCTV cameras in the next twenty days and at the same time beef up security personnel and seek police presence as well,\" Patil said.With just two peons guarding several offices housed in the collectorate, the entire campus has become vulnerable to petty thefts. Monday night's theft is the third instance fin last year, an official from the collectorate said.However , no lesson had been learned. The security arrangements have not been upgraded and the peons have put in a request with the administration to relieve them from their additional responsibilities.The collectorate has no security guard. Two persons who man the parking lot keep an eye on the campus that is surrounded by the police colony in the West and the district court in the South and the old Agra Road in the East, with residential-cum-commercial areas in thr North. \"There are no security guards for the area, but the responsibility is handed over to two peons and he is assisted by people on contract for parking lots,\" collector Vilas Patil said.The campus of the collectorate houses the offices of the sub-divisional magistrate (SDM), district supply office (DSO), tehsil office, planning office (DPC), employment guarantee scheme (EGS) office, record room, apart from the collectorate and the State Bank of India's treasury branch alongwith its ATM kiosk.The gates are kept open for the ATM. \"We have requested the bank to add security personnel to their establishments to ensure that people entering the campus at night are minimal and their purpose is checked,\" Patil said. The collector said he would review the campus security with respect to infrastructure and ensure restricted entry of unauthorised elements on the campusFormer collector P Velrasu had carried out an assessment of security measures needed on campus. had reviewed the security of the campus, He had suggested some measures including the setting up of CCTV cameras, which were never put up.\"There were orders by the then collector that the heads of departments would be held responsible for any thefts occurring on the premises,\" officials said. Though many of the officials secured their offices constructed after renovation of the heritage building, there were some areas that needed attention, they added.Show-cause notices issuedThe district administration on Thursday issued show-cause notices to two peons, who were on the duty of guarding the collectorate premises when the computers and printer were stolen.\"A notice has also been issued to the parking lot contractor asking why his contract should not be cancelled following the incident when he had two of his men manning the area during the night,\" resident deputy collector Jitendra Kakusthe said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17333698", "title": "Parabrahma launched", "text": "Actor Sri Murali who has opened a new innings through his come back film 'Loosugalu' has signed another action oriented film 'Parabrahma' which was launched on recently at Kanteerava Studios. Raghavendra Raj Kumar held the clap for this film. Sree Murali faced the first shot of the film caned by director Om Maheshwar.Udaya Chandra and Sundar Patel are the producers of the film. Akanksha Poojari is working as a heroine of this film. Incidentally present Minister CP.Yogeeshwar is playing a special role in the film.Source: chitraloka.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "basant avenue", "code": "17332416", "title": "Toddlers have fun learning about fruits", "text": "BASANT AVENUE: To enhance knowledge and recognition, the toddlers from ABC Montessori School were taken to a departmental store in Basant Avenue, on Thursday. Around 50 students, accompanied by their teachers, made the most of their visit by learning about various vegetables and fruits available in the market during the winter season. At the store, the kids were asked to identify vegetables and fruits along with their colours. The store managers allowed the students to even taste fresh fruits while the teachers told them about their nutritional value. Little Montessorians were also told that fruits and vegetables help in growth. School director Charandeep Dua motivated the toddlers to enter pre-school with love for learning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17331352", "title": "Lowest in 14 yrs: 2012 sees 2 AIDS deaths in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: Amid apprehensions of diminishing global funds slowing down HIV prevention initiatives, the city has achieved a feat of sorts by bringing down the Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome (AIDS) mortality to two this year. This is not only an 86% dip from the previous year, but also the lowest ever in the city since prevention initiatives kicked in 14 years ago.The Mumbai District Aids Control Society (MDACS) made the figures public in the wake of World Aids Day on December 1. There has also been avisible difference in the number of people suffering from AIDS, the most advanced stage of HIV. This year, 416 have got AIDS as opposed to 790 last year. Experts say the city has come a long way from 2004 when there was a jump in the figures with nearly 278 deaths.However, the state figures still paint a grim picture as 1,243 lives were losttill October this year. For the city though, there has been a decline even in the number of fresh cases. This year 9,973 tested positive for HIV as compared to 12,944 in 2011. Though the difference in dip may be less than 1% between the two years, it has surely halved as compared to five years back. In the past three years, over 2 lakh people walked into IntegratedCounselling and Testing Centres (ICTC) out of which 5-8 % tested positive. This year too, out of 2.01 lakh who got tested, around 5% were positive. MDACS additional project director Dr Balkrishna Adsul attributed the dip to awareness and integrated approach by agencies. \"We are aiming towards zero positive cases and deaths ,\" he said. Adsul said most of those who tested positive are in the 20-30 years agegroup.The MDACS figures also show a trend where more pregnant women are approaching the ICTC centres for testing and counselling. This year, 1.03 lakh pregnant women got tested for HIV out of which 365 tested positive. But, on the positive side, more children also seem to be getting Nevirapine, drug administered to babies born of HIV positive moms, soon after birth. Officially, the numbers say that 88.9% babies have received the drug that reduces their chances of getting HIV from 30% to around 12-15 %. An expert, however, maintained that unregistered deliveries still remain a grey area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17329386", "title": "Jail officials to be rewarded", "text": "MUMBAI: Jail officials at Arthur Road and Yerawada prisons involved in Operation X will be rewarded, home minister R R Patil said on Thursday.Patil said the jail authorities played a significant role in the operation. The government also plans to soon give out rewards announced previously to police officials involved in the 26/11 operation. Patil added that on November 26, he planned to visit Indo-Tibetan Border Force personnel who had been involved in security arrangements for Ajmal Kasab at Arthur Road jail. However, he added the state would again request the Centre to waive the Rs 21 crore demanded by the ITBP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17328724", "title": "Relatives of patient refused admission break doctor's arm", "text": "NAGPUR: Angered by doctors refusing to admit a patient in a private hospital due to unavailability of ICU beds, a gang of eight youths thrashed two doctors, ward boys and a security guard at 2am on Thursday morning. The tussle left one of the doctors with a fracture in his right hand. The youths also ransacked the reception counter at the hospital.Trouble broke out at Suretech Hospital in Dhantoli on Wednesday night at around 2am when a group of around 15 people brought a patient. The patient was profusely bleeding and doctors at Suretech advised his friends to take him to another hospital since they did not have empty beds at ICU.Dr Deepak Deshmukh told TOI on Thursday that the patient was very serious and needed immediate treatment in an ICU. \"Our ICU was full of patients and we had no space. So, we calmly asked them to rush the patient to another hospital to save the patient. But they became very aggressive,\" said Deshmukh, who suffered a fracture after being hit with a rod by the youths. Other hospital staff suffered minor bruises and swelling.According to the police complaint lodged by Deshmukh, first the relatives argued with the duty doctor, who was present at the hospital when the patient arrived. The duty doctor checked the patient, but since the patient was critical, he asked the relatives to rush him to another nearby hospital. However, the youths started shouting at him and forced him to admit the patient.The youths also started destroying property at the hospital and hence the duty doctor informed Deshmukh. By the time Deshmukh reached, the youths had taken the patient to another hospital. However, a few minutes later, around eight youths came on bikes and started abusing the doctors and staff at Suretech.\"It appeared that they came back to ransack the office and thrash us. As soon they entered, they used foul words and vandalized the reception office. Later, when questioned, they thrashed the security guard and ward boys,\" said Deshmukh.He added that when he tried to pacify them, the youths hit him with a mop handle and a rod. The duty doctor tried to stop them but he was also thrashed.Seeing the youths turning aggressive, one of the hospital staff alerted Dhantoli police. However, by the time the cops reached, the youths had fled on their bikes.The security guard could note down the number of only one bike. Patrolling cops were informed about the bike number but could not nab anyone.Later, on Deshmukh's complaint on Thursday morning, police booked unidentified assailants under various sections of Indian Penal Code.Deshmukh said that so far he does not want to register a complaint under the new law enacted to protect doctors from harassment or stop destruction of hospital property. \"Cops have booked the youths under relevant sections of IPC only,\" he said.Former national IMA president Ashok Adhao said that since the law to protect doctors is new, even cops are unaware of it and hence do not press charges under those sections yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17331195", "title": "Against odds, they come up trumps", "text": "CHANDIGARH: \"For a woman entrepreneur, seeking funds and that too for a family business, turns into an impossible task if she is not in Chandigarh or Mohali. For me, the added problem was that I was dealing with auto parts. Banks would tell me that they would have considered my company had it been into garments,\" said Sandeep Riat, managing director of a spring company based in Ludhiana.Similarly, based in Amritsar, Jatinder Jain, managing director of an information and communication technology company, could not find manpower in form of software professionals and human resource managers as all of them were Metro-bound, looking to work in a more popular company in Bangalore or Hyderabad.Narrating their own stories, these two successful entrepreneurs from the region highlighted how running business outside Mohali and Chandigarh means facing a lot of peculiar problems on a daily basis, which makes crossing the Rs 50 crore turnover mark all the more difficult for start-up companies.It was the untimely demise of her father that forced Sandeep to take control of the company that had been left \"rudderless\" and the \"NPA (non performing assets) tag was looming large as Damocles Sword over the heads of the family. At one point, I had to deal with out retailers etc through my staff as the idea of a woman heading a company was still not very acceptable,\" she said. But this was back in 2004. Sandeep has taken her business to new heights and has been conferred with Parman Patra by the Punjab government in 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17330229", "title": "A new landfill for wet waste", "text": "BANGALORE: Survey No. 31, the government land measuring 94.35 acres in Sarjapur hobli, will be the new destination for 2,500-3,000 tpd (tonnes per day) wet waste generated in Bangalore.The high court on Thursday directed the aut8h88o8rities to transport wet waste collected from city households directly to this newly identified landfill approved by the KSPCB. The lan8dfill, said to be an old quarry, is situated at Chikkanagamangala village in south Bangalore.The court on Thursday al8so set a two-month deadli8ne to the government to set up segregation and wet wa8ste centres in 28 assembly constituencies in two mo8n8ths. The court has set a four-mon th deadline for BBMP to set up these segregation centres in all 198 wards.A division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen also directed the authorities to transport 1,500-2,000 tonnes dry waste collected from households (twi88ce a week) directly to Mandur. Both these measures are to be continued until processing mechanism is put in place.The bench asked the state government to identify seven more sites for receiving municipal solid waste from the city in a fortnight's time. The court asked the BBMP and the state government to file a further status report by December 6, the next date of hearing.PROCESSING CENTRESNoting that setting up of processing plants is an ideal solution, the bench further directed that wet waste processing units be set up in ea ch of 28 assembly constituencies within a period of two months in the first phase. \"Ideally, three such units are required to be set up in each of the 198 wards. We hope the exercise of setting up of at least on e unit in each ward will be completed in a four-month period so that the problem every Bangalorean is facing can be eradicated,\" the bench said.!Earl ier in the morning, the bench issued a bailable warrant (Rs 1 lakh) against BBMP commissioner Rajneesh Goel. This was in connection with a 2006 PIL related to blocking of access on account of construction in a site at MLA Layout. Goel appeared in court and the advoc8ate-general who was also pr8esent asked the court to pardon him. The court then asked the commissioner to take necessary action not only in the case on hand but also aga8inst the counsel concerned and file an affidavit to that effect.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17329394", "title": "Four years later, fire brigade yet to receive President medals", "text": "MUMBAI: Three years after the President's medal was announced for seven of Mumbai's firemen, for playing a very important role in the 26/11 rescue operations, they are yet to receive the medals.Several firemen bravely rescued over 400 people from the Taj Mahal and Trident hotels. The prestigious fire service medal for gallantry was announced on August 15, 2009, for seven of them-former chief fire officers A V Sawant and P D Karguppikar, assistant divisional fire officer S G Amin, station officers K F D'souza and S W Rane, fireman Yuvraj Pawar and driver-operator Moses Pugaonkar.Senior fire brigade officials said the medals have arrived and are with the state government. According to protocol, the medals are to be handed over to them by the governor in a special programme. Strangely, senior state government officials said they want to give away the medals at a big function and hence are waiting to organise a collective function for all other firemen who have got these medals in the past and will do so in the near future.In fact, fire brigade officials said the President's medals named for different fire brigade officers have not been handed over to them since 1997.\"We were rescuing people during continuous firing and grenade explosions. We were happy that our efforts were recognised when the medals were announced,\" said a fire brigade official who was one of the first few firemen to reach Taj hotel when the terrorists set it on fire. The people recommended for the award however said they have been receiving the financial benefit of Rs 450 per month that comes with the medal.\"There is a protocol that needs to be followed while handing over these medals. We are in the process of having a function soon,\" said a senior government official.TIMES VIEWWhy are heroes being treated shabbily?This is yet another example of the state treating its heroes shabbily. These fire brigade personnel risked their lives to douse the fires that engulfed the Taj and Trident Hotels during the terrorist attacks on these two prominent landmarks in the city on 26/11. These gallant officers were without bullet-proof vests or any protective equipment to shield them as they came under fire from the attackers. That after four years the state government has failed to present them with the President's medals is a shocking case of bureaucratic apathy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "fatehgarh sahib", "code": "17329174", "title": "7-year-old girl thrashed for not solving sum", "text": "FATEHGARH SAHIB: A seven-year-old Class III dalit girl has suffered severe internal injuries after being kicked in the stomach by her teacher when she could not solve a maths sum. The girl has been admitted to the hospital for the past six days even as the family has moved the administration to probe charges against the teacher.Neetu Singh , father of the girl from Raipur Chautdara village, alleged that Parmjeet Kaur, a teacher hired on contractual basis by the government school at the village, thrashed his daughter Jasanpreet Kaur after she failed to give the answer to a maths question.\"The teacher kicked the child in the stomach and twisted her arms several times on November 7,\" he alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "sisai ( gumla)", "code": "17332050", "title": "'Justice on Wheels' in Gumla for legal support", "text": "Sisai ( Gumla): Mobile vans called Justice on Wheels, arrived at Sisai block headquarters, 28 km from the district town, on Thursday. A legal awareness camp was organized by the district legal services authority (DLSA) here on the same day. Through the camp, villagers were informed about various laws and provisions of legal aid for the masses.Presiding over the meet, OP Pande, secretary of DLSA, said knowledge of various laws which directly concern common people are necessary to derive benefits from the DLSA. He spelt out different laws and schemes of the judiciary saying that the objective of the mobile lok adalat-cum-legal awareness camp is to spread awareness among the common man about issues such as rape, witchcraft and domestic violence, which are becoming common in the district. The Justice on Wheels will reach several villages with the same objective, Pande said.Various legal schemes are being implemented and every household must be aware of the same. \"Para -legal volunteers have been deputed in villages to familiarize the local residents with the laws,\" said Bindeshwar Gop, panel advocate of legal aid clinic and member of DLSA.Advocate D N Ohdar, talking of local issues said, \"Parents should guide their children from the very beginning to curb the growing incidence of rape.\" He also shed light on superstitious belief in witchcraft and violations of Right to Education Act. Sisai BDO Joseph Kandunla stressed the importance of people participation in gram- sabha and added how they could become beneficiaries of government schemes. Though it was a legal meet, participants lined up to submit application for old-age pension schemes, among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17333744", "title": "Marrakech film festival to pay tribute to Yash Chopra", "text": "Starting December 1, the Marrakech International Film Festival will play host to a number of international stars with a number of Bollywood stars attending. An Indian delegation, led by Amitabh Bachchan and including Hrithik Roshan , Tabu, Sridevi, Abhay Deol , Arjun Rampal and Priyanka Chopra are expected to attend.Bachchan said, \"I remember with deep gratitude, my last visit to Marrakech in October 2003 and the warmth and the hospitality that was extended to us during our short stay. I look forward to the pleasure of being there again.\"There will also be a special tribute for the late Yash Chopra and his last directorial Jab Tak Hai Jaan will be screened there. Sources say, Shah Rukh Khan , who stars in the film, will attend.Films that will be screened during the festival include Don, Don 2, Jodhaa Akbar, Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham, Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara, Student of the Year, English Vinglish, Veer Zaara and Barfi! .Ashutosh Gowariker's magnum opus Jodhaa Akbar , which released in 2008, will be screened at the festival on the evening of December 5 at the Jemaa El Fna Square where approximately 50,000 people are expected to see it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17329546", "title": "NSG rebuts ex-commando's assertions", "text": "NEW DELHI: The National Security Guard (NSG) has rebutted allegations made by former commando Surender Singh that 26/11 heroes were short-changed as generous donations received by the force were not given to those injured in the attacks.While no senior official was ready to come on record, sources in the force said that almost 90% of donations received by them never materialized since either the cheques bounced or were returned to the donors on the home ministry's orders.The force says no injustice has been done to anyone involved in 26/11 attacks. It has, however, conceded that issuing a commendation certificate to Singh without DG's signature was a mistake, and would be corrected.Using a platform provided by anti-graft crusader Arvind Kejriwal on Thursday, Singh alleged that he had seen in NSG records cheques in his name and others given by donors but they were never received by him, insinuating somebody else had encashed them. He has alleged that he has not been given any pension after being compulsorily retired from the force on medical grounds. He has also alleged that he and several others were prematurely repatriated to their parent forces as they raised voice about these injustices.Replying to specific allegations made by Singh, NSG sources said they have not found any cheque in the name of Surender Singh received by the force and that donation cheques post-26/11 were sent in the name of NSG and not individuals.\"In fact, 50% of cheques bounced. For the rest, home ministry said that donations would go only to martyrs and not serving jawans or officers, so those cheques were returned. However, if there has been any anomaly, we will investigate the matter,\" said a senior NSG officer.Singh had alleged that there were donations made by Rohan Motors in specific names of soldiers and that donations from RWITC were disbursed to four ignoring seven others. NSG sources say they are investigating this.On the question of premature repatriation, sources said that as a rule only fully fit personnel can serve NSG as it a special force. \"Only those who are adjudged of Medical Category A1 (jargon for the highest level of fitness) can serve the force as we have to have the best men on the job. All those who were prematurely repatriated had been downgraded in fitness category. This was done on certification from the Army hospital,\" said the officer.On the question of two contradicting RTI replies where once total number of injured were mentioned as 11 while the second time they were numbered as 17, sources said there were 11 severely injured personnel while six others had minor injuries so some discrepancy could have occurred on this account.On all other allegations, sources said investigations were still on and a detailed report would be given to the home ministry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17330610", "title": "Alert in state after fresh inputs", "text": "JAIPUR: An alert has been sounded in the state following fresh intelligence inputs regarding possible terror activities that can be triggered in the wake of Mumbai blast convict Ajmal Kasab's hanging at a Pune jail.Security has been stepped up at all public places including railway stations, bus stands and crowded markets in the state's major cities. Police commissioner BL Soni said all police stations have been asked to remain alert and depute their teams in crowded markets. \"It is a general alert, however, the security has been stepped up,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "17332137", "title": "Red posters urge state to oppose Operation Green Hunt", "text": "GARHWA: The outlawed CPI(Maoist) has registered its presence at Birbandha village under the sadar police station area in Garhwa district by pasting posters and appealing to all state legislators to extend cooperation to end the ongoing Operation Green Hunt against the outfit. Police later removed all the posters on Wednesday.The Maoist's posters which were in the form of letter containing three paragraphs have been released by Chhattisgarh, Bihar, Jharkhand special area committee.While appealing to the state legislators to extend their support to the outfit, the CPI(Maoist) alleged that the legislators were not serious about the people's problems. \"Though the legislators have been elected to the assembly by the people, they do not take care of them,\" the posters stated.The Maoists also accused the state government of supporting UPA government on Operation Green Hunt against its cadres. Chief minister Arjun Munda , deputy chief ministers Sudesh Mahato and Hemant Soren and the state coordination committee president Shibu Soren have been maintaining silence with regard to Operation Green Hunt against the Maoists, the poster said.\"On the other hand, innocent people are being targeted and harassed by security forces during the operation in the name of Maoists,\" the poster said. It stated that the state had a nexus with multi-national companies which indulged in looting minerals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "10677483", "title": "Subhash Ghai acted in Rajesh Khanna's Aradhana", "text": "Subhash Ghai has been known for making cameo appearances in all his films from Hero, Karma, Ram Lakhan, Khalnayak, Pardes, Taal and more.Subhash Ghai has been known for making cameo appearances in all his films from Hero, Karma, Ram Lakhan, Khalnayak, Pardes, Taal and more. But his stint with acting started much before this. In fact not many know that he started his film career as an actor.Subhash Ghai featured in films like Taqdeer, Umang and Dhamkee. In Gumrah, he was paired opposite Reena Roy whom he later directed in films like Kali Charan and Vishwanath. He even had a cameo appearance in the superhit Rajesh Khanna film Aradhana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17329836", "title": "Father throws 3-year-old daughter into well dad", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man allegedly threw his three-year-old daughter into a well after quarreling with his wife on Thursday. Police investigation is on and the neighbours will be probed to determine the exact sequence of events.Deepak, father of the three-year-old girl, is a resident of Mundka village. \"The girl, however, was rescued by the fire department and is currently admitted at a hospital and is said to be stable. The counsellors will record her statement on Friday to ascertain if it was an attempt to murder or just an accident,'' said an officer.In another case, one Chandramani Pandey, security personnel from Bijwasan, was found dead at his farmhouse. \"Pandey was found dead at his D-26 Pushpanjali farmhouse. We found blunt injuries on forehead and face. It seems like a murder due to personal enmity,'' said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17329229", "title": "Sweeper, aide held for Versova woman's murder", "text": "MUMBAI: A sweeper and his aide have been arrested in connection with the murder case of a Versova woman.The two, who were produced in court on Thursday, have been remanded in police custody till December 5.The victim, Rubentina Fernandez (56), was found dead outside her flat at Versova's Mangola Sarvodaya society on Wednesday morning. Her husband Victor found the body after he got home from an errand. Rubentina's ornaments were missing.The involvement of the building's security guard and another person is being investigated. The guard was seen moving around in a suspicious manner soon after the incident, cops claimed.\"The sweeper, Vishal Ajit (20), roped in his friend Shivkamal Rajput (28) to burgle the Fernandezs' residence. They felt confident to carry it out since other flats on the floor are locked,\" said a senior police officerAround 10am on Wednesday, Victor, on his way out, saw Ajit along with two persons near the building. He visited a doctor's clinic, a bank and returned after 30 minutes. He found his wife's body on landing of the seventh floor with serious injuries on her throat.Victor's assumed that Rubentina was probably killed when she came out of the house to leave their dustbin on the landing.According to the police, the accused had come prepared. \"They rang the doorbell after Victor left. When the victim opened the door, the accused attacked her with a knife and used a nylon rope to strangulate her to death. The accused fled with her ornaments,\" said an officer. The police managed to trace Ajit and Rajput with the help of available detailson Wednesday. During questioning, the two reportedly confessed to the crime but said no other person was involved. The police said that they found the security guard's movement suspicious after the incident and inquiring about their third associate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17332139", "title": "Now, childless couples prefer to adopt girls", "text": "RANCHI: Gone are those days when childless couples prefer to wait for years for a child rather than going for adoption. Now, such couples are coming out of traditional barriers and opting for adoptions. What is more surprising is that they prefer a girl child to a boy.The child welfare committee (CWC) here claims that these days couples opting for adoption want only girl child. \"The change is taking place because people now feel that girls are more faithful and sincere than boys. They will be all along with them and also care for them. The boys, in most cases, want to stay separately from the parents after their marriage,\" said CWC chairman K P Sinha.There is a huge rush of couples these days for adoption either at the CWC office or at the registered orphanages, Sinha said. There are only two registered orphanages here and the rush is so much that there is a wait list for couples seeking adoption. This only shows the changing scenario where issueless couples are not hesitating to go for adoption as the last resort.However, there are some bottlenecks involved in the adoption process. \"When some people pick up an abandoned child, they do not follow the legal procedure and hand over the child to orphanages which are not registered - because of which the future of many children is lost,\" said Mahesh M Wadhwani, a CWC member.Unicef state head Job Zachariah also pointed out the lack of awareness among the people regarding adoption procedures. \"Every adopted child should get a proper home and lovable family atmosphere. Beside foster care should also be promoted,\" he said.Talking about the adoption procedure, Sinha said the couples should be childless, less than 40 years of age and need to provide an infertility certificate. \"They need to provide an income certificate which is important to know whether they are capable of bringing up the child or not and for identification they need to give photo identity and residential proof.\"Within 24 hours of the orphan child being brought to police or the orphanage, the child should be presented in the CWC office which will send it to an orphanage. Three months later, the CWC allows adoption for the child.Sinha also said \"Couples are not allowed to go to nursing homes for adopting a child and if any nursing home allows (any couple), it is illegal. If a newborn has been abandoned, it is given for foster care and an inspection is done by the CWC to verify whether the child has been properly taken care of.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17330870", "title": "England need to conquer fear of spin", "text": "MUMBAI: A lot of things have changed about English cricket in recent years. They don't always end up losing to Australia anymore; won an ICC trophy in 2009; became the World's No. 1 Test team for a brief period last year and their life doesn't revolve just around the Ashes like it used to.In fact, captain Alastair Cook -- the choir boy turned prolific run-getter -- insists that the team's dressing room music isn't just Johnny Cash anymore either, but modern-day commercial. Their tastes seem to have really changed.What hasn't changed about English cricket though is the uncanny way in which they manage to bury themselves under extreme pressure when you threaten them with spin. Decades of having toured the Indian subcontinent has made no difference whatsoever. You give them a turning track -- or even talk about one, like MS Dhoni has -- and they give it away.It showed in Ahmedabad and it looks likely that it'll show again in Mumbai. Dhoni's much discussed 'demand' that the curator at Wankhede better serve his team a track that turns from the first over may not necessarily see R Ashwin or Pragyan Ojha taking the new ball.But even if Zaheer Khan does, England's mind may be on the first change. Mentally, India have a great advantage here as the second of the four-Test series begins on Friday.From the dryness of the surface to the exact length of each blade of grass on the pitch, how soon it starts getting rougher and how much of an exact deviation do Ashwin or Ojha get will occupy England's mind more than anything else. To Dhoni's credit, he's given them this headache already.In fact, it's not just a turning wicket that the Indian skipper has demanded. The track also needs to have bounce and the ball has to move quicker off the pitch. That's quite a handful indeed. Asked about his opinion of the Wankhede wicket, where India have played only one Test post the stadium renovation, Dhoni promptly declared: \"If this pitch also does not help our spinners, then I will again come and criticise it.\"Umesh Yadav out of Test; Stuart Broad taken illDhoni asserted that India will play only two spinners here. The only replacement in the squad, in fact, will be Ishant Sharma or Ashok Dinda replacing pacer Umesh Yadav , who is down with a back injury. Similarly for England, paceman Stuart Broad has taken ill and did not practise on Thursday. Left-arm spinner Monty Panesar can come in for either Samit Patel or Broad. That could be the only change other than Jonny Bairstow replacing Ian Bell .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17333613", "title": "Manipuri film to be screened at Goa festival", "text": "GUWAHATI: Critically-acclaimed Manipuri feature film 'Ishanou' (The Chosen One), one of the masterpieces of renowned filmmaker Aribam Syam Sharma, is among the 27 Indian feature films to be screened at the 43rd International Film Festival of India, 2012, which began on Tuesday in Goa. The film will be screened in the Centenary Indian Cinema section.'Ishanou' was the first film from the northeast to be selected for screening at Cannes International Film Festival in 1991. The film also won the National Film Award in 1991 for the best Manipuri feature film and its heroine, Anoubam Kiranmala, was given a Special Mention Award by the national jury.\"It is a great honour for Manipuri cinema and the filmmakers, technicians and artistes in the industry,\" said Meghachandra Kongbram, joint director of Manipur information and public relations. He said the festival would continue till November 30.Eminent litterateur MK Binodini wrote the script of the film while Girish Padhiar was the cameraman and Ujjwal Nandi the editor. The 91-minute film tells the extraordinary story of a young wife who suddenly begins to experience a series of fits and often goes into trance, which doctors cannot cure. She then runs away from her home in a frantic nocturnal quest of her Maibi Guru (head priestess) for initiation into the sect of the chosen. She enters the world of the Maibis (priestess). Though she finds solace in her new world, the pain of a mother who can no longer nurture her child also lurks within her.On the Centenary Indian Cinema package, Ira Bhaskar, curatorial consultant, said, \"In this centenary year since the release of DG Phalke's Raja Harischandra, we celebrate the vibrant spirit and tradition of the cinema of the world's largest film producing nation with this package of films in 10 different Indian languages.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17329168", "title": "Zaki-ur-Rehman Lakhvi had declared roza in Karachi control room", "text": "NEW DELHI: Syed Zabiuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal, the lone 26/11 accused India has in custody after the hanging of Ajmal Kasab, recently made a fresh revelation about the attack, claiming that Zaki-ur-Rehman Lakhvi had declared 'roza' in the Lashkar camp when 26/11 attackers had entered Mumbai.Jundal claimed that when the terrorists first attempted to enter Mumbai in September 2008 and their boat had broken down, Abu Qahafa, handler of the 10 terrorists, had made an entry in his dairy that \"September 2008 was a wrong time and situation of moon was not good\".Interestingly, when the first attempt was abandoned, Jundal was asked to teach Hindi to two terrorists in the module again. However, Jundal did not disclose why he was asked to teach Hindi again to two of them.Jundal's interrogation report said, \"On November 26, 2008, Zaki-ur-Rehman Lakhvi declared 'roza' in Beit-ul-Mujahideen, Muzzafarabad and Muzammil was present there. I, Shahid and Zarar installed the setup of control room at Yaqoob's office in Malir, Karachi. At 5 pm, Shahid brought food for at least 10 persons. Around 7 pm, Zaki-ur-Rehman Lakhvi, Abu Al Qama, Abu Qahafa and Khalid came there. Four bodyguards of Lakhvi were sitting outside the room. Lakhvi, Al Qama, Qahafa and Khalid offered namaz of magrib and then they all took dinner together.\"Thereafter, Zarar switched on the TV set on India TV and Zee TV. They all did namaz of Isha. Zarar opened all laptops. They all were watching news silently. Khalid stood outside the room with a satellite phone and when news started on TV about the attack on Mumbai, he came inside the room. In the beginning, news channels showed that it was a gang war in Mumbai but after half-an-hour, it was declared by news channels that it was a terrorist attack.\"Jundal's interrogation report, exclusively accessed by TOI, has a detailed account of the whole 26/11 operation, Zaki-ur-Rehman's continuous monitoring of the carnage from the Karachi control room and training. A top intelligence official said, \"The fact that Abu Qahafa being the supervisor of 10 terrorists is new to us (Indian investigators).\"The interrogation report talks about the preparation of Mumbai 26/11 attack, which happened in August 2008. \"Muzammil (Lashkar commander) told me that for the purpose of operation in Mumbai, I have to teach Hindi and local Mumbai language to 10 boys, namely Abu Akasha, Ismail, Abul Rahman (Big), Abul Rahman (Small), Umar, Fahadulla, Ajmal Kasab, Umer, Ali and Musab. Total 12 persons had completed their arms training at that time but two persons - Abdulla and Qasim -- left the operation. Asim alias Abu Qahafa, resident of Rahim Yar Khan in Pakistan, was the main handler of 10 persons (terrorists including Kasab),\" states the interrogation report.The report talks about the first attempt made by Lashkar terrorists in September 2008. \"All 10 persons were being sent to Mumbai but their boat broke down so they returned to Karachi and stayed in Quaidabad area,\" it said.\"On the direction of Muzammil, I went to Karachi and met Khalid (another operation commander) in Quaidabad. Khalid told me to teach Hindi again to Akasha and Fahadulla (two members of the 26/11 module) so I gave coaching to both of them for three days. I stayed in Quaidabad with Abu Kahafa, Shahid and 10 trainees (26/11 attackers including Kasab),\" it added.About terrorists leaving for Mumbai again, after a wait of three months, Jundal said, \"On November 23, 2008, in the evening, I went to a barber shop for a shave. When I returned, I saw that Abu Qahafa along with all the 10 members had departed from there (Quaidabad base). They departed for Mumbai in a boat 'Al Hussainy' and boat was driven by one Dara, who returned to Karachi after dropping them to Mumbai.\"Jundal further talked about recovering a dairy from the Quaidabad base, after Abu Qahafa left for the boat with the 10 attackers. \"I found a dairy of Abu Qahafa in that room. It contained the reason of broken boat in September 2008, which said 'selection of wrong time', and 'situation of moon not being good',\" his interrogation said.Thereafter, Jundal, Zarar and Shahid arranged laptops, LAN wires and installed phone software for setting up the control room in Malir, Karachi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "17331172", "title": "BEd student murdered", "text": "PANCHKULA: A 24-year-old woman was found murdered on a Sector 21 road early on Thursday morning.The face of Jyoti Rani, a BEd student with a private institute in Phase VI, Mohali, was partially damaged and her cellphone was found missing.But, the police have ruled out robbery as the motive, as both her bag and artificial jewellery were on her. They said preliminary probe suggested that she was murdered elsewhere and her body was dumped in the sector, which was on the outskirts of Panchkula. Jyoti was a native of Hoshiarpur district in Punjab and had been residing in Chandigarh since five years. She was staying at a paying guest accommodation in Sector 21, Chandigarh. She had completed her graduation from Panjab University through correspondence in 2008.Besides pursuing BEd, she was working with a private security agency in Derabassi.Panchkula DCP Parul Kush Jain said, \"We had found her identity card in her bag. Her family has identified the body. It is too early to comment on the murder motive.\" Sources in police said, \"Jyoti had phoned her uncle around 8pm on Wednesday and told him that she would come home on Saturday. Though she had attended her classes, she did not go to her PG accommodation on the day. Some boys, who are her friends, are under scanner.\" Jyoti's father,Buttinath, said, \"After celebrating Diwali with us, she had returned to Chandigarh on November 15. We did not know her Chandigarh residential address.\" Jyoti's younger sister, Isha, was married recently in Hoshiarpur. Her body has been kept at General Hospital, Sector 6, for postmortem, which will be conducted on Friday. A murder case has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17329675", "title": "Govt learns nimble use of social media from India Against Corruption", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government appeared to have picked up a tweet or two from India Against Corruption's (IAC) nimble use of social media. Within 30 minutes of the Arvind Kejriwal-ex-NSG commando press conference, the usually slack Press Information Bureau (PIB) was on twitter contradicting Singh's claim that he had not received any pension from the government.\"The government has given Nk (Naik) Surender Singh all his dues,\" the government's first tweet said.PIB's twitter handle said: \"(The government has) informed Singh on November 16 through telephone that war injury pension has been sanctioned and bankers were also informed.\"\"Surender Singh is getting war injury pension of Rs 25,254 per month. Rs 31 lakh retirement emoluments is paid to Surender Singh,\" it added.Within minutes after the press conference, I&B; minister Manish Tewari was on TV channels defending the government. Tewari said Singh had been paid Rs 31 lakh and that he also received Rs 25,000 which is not in the form of a war injury pension.\"....if at all anything which needs to be done in order to preserve and protect the honour of those people who on daily basis risk their lives for the unity, integrity and sovereignty of the the country, this government will never be found wanting,\" the minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17328995", "title": "HC to check if auto, taxi fare hikes can be reduced", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Thursday said it would check if the October 11 auto and taxi fare hike in the city can be reduced.Hearing a PIL filed by the Mumbai Grahak Panchayat (MGP) and consumer activist Shirish Deshpande challenging the fare hike, a division bench of Justices Dhananjay Chandrachud and Amjad Sayed pointed out that the state had not accepted the rates recommended by the Hakim panel in toto, but had reduced the fares. \"If the state has departed from the panel's report and reduced fares, we will look at if there is a scope for further reduction in the fares,\" said the judges. \"Why should not there be a relook at the fare hike,\" asked the judges.The court asked the state to file an additional affidavit to place on record the decision-making process that led the government to not fully accept the Hakim committee's report. It also asked the state to furnish details of the numbers of autos and taxis in Mumbai that have comprehensive insurance, which was one of the parameters for the fare hikes. \"If the data reveals that public vehicles like autos and taxis do not take insurance, then the government should be concerned,\" said the judges, while adjourning further hearing of the case to December 13 and giving both the state and the petitioners time to file their affidavits.Earlier during the hearing, advocate general Darius Khambata defended the one-man PMA Hakim committee. The HC had earlier suggested that a more broad-based panel should have been given the task to formulate a mechanism for fare hikes. \"Whenever there were multi-member panels in the past, there was no consensus,\" said the advocate general. The HC, however, pointed out that the panel's recommendations had not been fully accepted, and the government had in fact reduced fares. While the Hakim committee had recommended a Rs 3 fare hike for taxis-from Rs 17 to Rs 19, the government had allowed only a fare hike of Rs 2 hike. \"What was the decision-making process that led to the government not accepting the panel's report and reducing the fare hike,\" asked the judges.Khambata then said if the HC struck down the government's decision, then it may have to go back to the higher fares recommended by the panel. \"Let the government have the gall to file an affidavit and inform the society at large that they will go back to the panel's report and hike fares again,\" said the HC.Advocate Uday Waruunjikar, MGP counsel informed the HC that the Hakim panel, while calculating the fares, had considered a comprehensive insurance scheme at Rs 19,000 annually that autos and taxis might pay. The advocate said the amount was not proper. The court asked whether the autos and taxis in city actually opt for a comprehensive insurance scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17329730", "title": "Namdhari\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s statement inconsistent: Police", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Police on Thursday acknowledged that there were inconsistencies in the statement of Sukhdev Singh Namdhari. When he had brought a mortally wounded Ponty to Fortis Hospital, he had said that it was an \"outsider\" who had fired at Ponty and then \"escaped from the spot\". This has emerged in the testimony of Sachin Tyagi, the Uttarakhand constable assigned to Namdhari as PSO. Police have, therefore, shifted focus of the investigation on Namdhari, who is at present untraceable ever since his sacking as chairman of Uttarakhand Minorities Commission.\"The fact that several of Namdhari's men were part of the mayhem at both farmhouses before the shootout has now made him come under the scanner. Some of the people present at the spot have told us that and we are verifying it. We are considering Namdhari's statement as another piece of information only,\" said Vivek Gogia, joint commissioner of police, southwestern range.In his statement to the crime branch, Tyagi said that once Ponty, Narender, Namdhari and he reached the Mandi village farmhouse, Narender got off the car to fetch the keys to the main gate. While he was doing so, Hardeep reached the spot, too, and dared Narender to open the door. He even warned that he will shoot if Narender didn't budge. When Narender paid no heed to the threat, he heaped abuses on Ponty. This made the elder Chadha to lunge at him and bring him down. At this, Hardeep whipped out a gun and began firing. Tyagi said he returned fire in self defence.However, the fact that no bullets were found near Namdhari's seat has made cops wonder if Tyagi had indeed fired in self defence. \"On the face of it, we have not found any evidence to book Tyagi for murder. But we will wait for the ballistic report. The fact that Hardeep received one bullet on the chest and another in the leg indicates that he faced indiscriminate fire,\" said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17332831", "title": "I'm schizophrenic with my fashion: Hough", "text": "Actress Julianne Hough says she is \"schizophrenic\" with her fashion choices and likes to change her look on a daily basis.The 24-year-old, who is dating TV host Ryan Seacrest , says she loves wearing \"edgy\" leather garments and she even dons men's clothes.\"I want to say I'm schizophrenic with my fashion. One day I'm feeling a certain way and I'm very feminine. And then the next day, I'm a little bit more edgy with leather. And some days I like to wear men's clothing,\" contactmusic.com quoted Hough as saying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17330472", "title": "SC issues notice to firms linked to Karti Chidambaram", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Thursday issued notices to Advantage Strategic Consulting Singapore Pte Ltd and its Chennai-based sister concern on a petition by Janata Party president Subramanian Swamy accusing them of committing contempt by obstructing administration of justice.Swamy alleged that Advantage Strategic Consulting Singapore Pte Ltd, in which majority stake was held by Karti Chidambaram, had filed the suit against him in the High Court of Singapore a day after he had moved an interlocutory application before the Supreme Court of India in the Aircel-Maxis case.After Swamy made the Chennai-based sister concern and its director C B N Reddy party in his petition seeking initiation of contempt proceedings, a bench of Justices G S Singhvi and K S Radhakrishnan issued notices to the two firms allowing them 12 weeks to respond to the petitioner's charges.The petitioner had alleged that the Singapore-based company attempted to obstruct administration of justice by filing a defamation suit against him in Singapore to harass and dissuade him from pursuing the 2G scam cases.Swamy said the Singapore firm was relying on 'internet publication', which was not circulated by him, as the material for initiation of defamation proceedings. He said the alleged contemnors' attempt was to seriously impede his right and duty to pursue corruption and work towards a corruption free India by filing PILs and arguing as petitioner in person.The filing of the defamation case in Singapore was aimed to \"physically and financially devastate\" him and bring a \"chilling effect\" on his resolve to litigate against corruption, Swamy had said in his petition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17328856", "title": "Mahdibagh RUB: Residents burn railways and NMC in effigy", "text": "NAGPUR: As part of their agitation for easing traffic congestion at Mahdibagh railway crossing, the residents of adjoining areas including Khairipura, Premnagar, Binaki Mangalwari, Lalaganj, Vaishali Nagar and Shanti Nagar staged a unique protest on Thursday. To register their unhappiness, they took out a mock funeral procession of both the railway authorities and Nagpur Municipal Corporation. The agitators later burnt the effigy of both the agencies.TOI recently reported that motorists were unable to use Mahdibagh railway underbridge (RUB) due to water logging there. As a result, the railway crossing beneath the railway overbridge that connects five busy localities Shanti Nagar, Maskasath and Dahi Bazar, Binaki Mangalwari, Kamptee road and Kamal Chowk witnesses frequent traffic jams.After TOI's report, senior railways officials pressed into service a sewer cleaning vehicle to drain out accumulated water. However, instead of flowing out, the level of water at the RUB increased by almost a feet, claimed Sachin Bisen, who is leading the residents' protest. The vehicle apparently developed and NMC officials expressed their inability to drain out water that led to resentment among the residents.The residents demanded that if the railways and NMC could not solve the water logging problem, then they should widen the level crossing. Some residents including Dilip Pakhale and Harish Binker pointed out that the height of RUB was 7 metres and it is of no use for even movement of emergency vehicles like fire tenders, ambulances etc. So it was better to widen the railway crossing, they said.Satranjipura zone's assistant municipal commissioner Milind Meshram too confirmed that the vehicle being used for draining out water failed to work. He explained that as the RUB was constructed below the sewage network, water from drains accumulates there. \"We failed to drain out water because water is coming out from nullah into RUB continuously,\" he said.\"Apart from the faulty design of the sewage network, we have also come across open drainage chambers, which were leaking sewage into RUB. So we asked the railway authorities to cover them,\" he added. Assistant divisional engineer of railways Kanhaiyalal Goyal refused to comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "17331305", "title": "Activist sends Rs 5 crore notice to MLA", "text": "THANE: Vikrant Karnik, an RTI activist, has slapped a legal notice on Shiv Sena MLA Pratap Sarnaik and two of his aides, seeking Rs 5 crore in damages for defamation after a false complaint under the Atrocities Act and of extortion was filed against him.Karnik, who survived a murderous attack in January 2011 for campaigning on social issues here, has alleged that the Sena MLA, representing Ovla-Majiwada assembly segment, is the 'key conspirator' in a criminal case against him filed by his aides Chandrakant Dattatray Angde and former NCP corporator Sudhir Barge.Sarnaik has said he was yet to receive the notice and reserved his comment.The RTI activist, however, claimed that Sarnaik nursed a grudge against him for exposing power theft by the Sena's cultural group, Sanskruti yuva pratisthan, which hosted an event in November 2010. The show was conducted using power illegally drawn from the MSEB junction box at Upvan.\"The MSEB team raided the spot after my complaint and seized electrical equipment used to illegally draw power. Sarnaik publicly threatened that he would respond in Shiv Sena style,\" Karnik said.Two weeks later, Angde and Barge filed a complaint with the Naupada police accusing Karnik of demanding Rs 1 lakh to withdraw the complaint against Sarnaik. Karnik said subsequent probe proved it was a false case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17329054", "title": "District administration acts tough on boat services", "text": "KOCHI: In a move to regulate boat services, the district administration has decided to confiscate boats that operate services with crew having no valid licences.They have also decided to demolish all unauthorized boat jetties in the city. The administration along with the Greater Cochin Development Authority (GCDA) will pull down all illegal jetties in Marine Drive.These decisions were taken at a meeting convened by district collector P I Sheik Pareeth on Thursday.Other than GCDA, officials from the ports department, tourism department, Kerala State Water Transport Department (KSWTD), and representatives of boat owners attended the meeting to regulate boat services.At the meeting, it was decided to restrict the number of boat jetties at Marine Drive to five. These jetties would be renovated to facilitate the operations of 10 boats.\"A new jetty will be constructed near the High Court Junction where the GCDA is constructing the new walkway. Once the renovated jetties and the new jetty becomes operational, all the temporary and unauthorized jetties will be removed,\" said GCDA chairman N Venugopal. Sheik Pareeth and Venugopal along with officials from other departments will inspect these sites next week and prepare a plan.GCDA has also informed that they would limit the maximum number of boats operating from Marine Drive to 50. Currently, over 100 boats operate from various jetties in the area.\"While carrying out renovation activities, we will ensure that the boat jetties are tourist friendly,\" Venugopal added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17329855", "title": "Girl shot dead for telling man not to urinate in public", "text": "NEW DELHI: An argument over lack of civic sense again ended in murder in the capital late on Wednesday night. A 17-year-old girl was shot dead and her mother shot at in Nizamuddin in south Delhi by their apparently-inebriated, former tenant for asking him to stop urinating near the staircase of their house.The murder took place about 10 pm at E-405, Alvi Chowk, which is 500 metres away from Nizamuddin PS. Police have identified the accused as Javed (26). A case of murder has been registered and a manhunt launched.Binno alias Gudiya and her mother Sadmani (40) were laying the table for dinner when they spotted Javed loitering outside their house.\"They served the food and switched on the TV when Javed arrived with a companion. The companion waited at a distance while Javed stood at the stairs leading to the house and began relieving himself. Sadmani and Binno emerged and loudly asked him to leave,\" a neighbour said. The argument that followed soon turned ugly and Javed left for a few minutes after threatening dire consequences. \"When he returned, he called them out, whipped out a 7.65 mm pistol and opened fire. Binno was shot twice while her mother took a bullet,\" said a police officer.Hearing their screams, neighbours gathered. They rushed the pair to AIIMS Trauma Center. Binno was declared dead on arrival while Sadmani is in the intensive care unit, police said. \"Javed has a few criminal cases registered against him including a charge of attempt to murder. His mother works as a domestic help. Sadmani, relatives said, sometimes financially helped out Javed's family when he was in jail,\" the officer said.Gudiya's 14-year-old brother and father Aslam were not present when the shooting took place. Aslam was away on night duty at Vatika, a banquet hall in Pragati Maidan where he is caretaker. Police received a call from the hospital two hours later. The body was handed over to the family on Thursday afternoon following postmortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17333652", "title": "A dinner with Sarah Jessica Parker now on auction", "text": "Actress Sarah Jessica Parker is auctioning a dinner date with herself to raise proceeds for victims of Hurricane Sandy.The 47-year-old is auctioning the date with TV executive Andy Cohen at the Blue Hill restaurant in New York City.All proceeds raised from the auction will go to the relief efforts of the superstorm and the Community Food Bank of New Jersey, reports contactmusic.com.Other stars taking part include Selena Gomez , who is offering one lucky fan the opportunity to guest star in one of her music videos, while actress Glenn Close is offering to record a personal voicemail message for a lucky bidder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17331039", "title": "Given precarious state of UP's finances, farm loan waiver makes little sense", "text": "Given the precarious state of UP's finances, this farm loan waiver makes little sense. You almost sense that concern for peasant welfare might have been a secondary objective as the scheme was announced on the birthday of the chief minister Akhilesh Yadav's father, Mulayam Singh Yadav. This betrays the desire to celebrate Mulayam's birthday with public money and smacks of a feudal mindset of patronage. Akhilesh isn't the only politician doing this sort of gimmickry. But Akhilesh had held out the promise of ushering in a more modern political paradigm in the state. That promise is belied.Related story: UP waives Rs 1,650 crore farm loans on dad Mulayam's birthday", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17330190", "title": "Yet another expert education panel for West Bengal", "text": "KOLKATA: The state government has decided to set up yet another expert committee to review matters relating to the higher education department. Education minister Bratya Basu took the decision on Thursday after meeting top officials, including state higher education council chairman Sugato Marjit and Siddhartha Mazumdar, chairman of the College Service commission.\"The minister has felt that there's a necessity of such an expert committee. Members from the last committee may or may not be included in the new one. The new committee will look after emerging areas in the higher education. It will also act as an advisory body,\" Marjit said.Incidentally, the state government had formed a similar expert committee, headed by economist Abhirup Sarkar, in 2011. It was formed for three months, but later its term was extended to a year.Other decisions that were taken at Thursday's meeting included opening of a Performing Arts department in every state-aided university. \"The minister felt Performing Arts has remained neglected and needed immediate attention. The proposal to set up a Performing Arts department in all universities has been accepted unanimously. Now, the universities will send a proposal with project details and fund requirement,\" said Marjit.The affiliated colleges have been asked to submit their proposals under planned grants schemes within December 31 since the department decides on the fund allocation by February. \"In the past, we couldn't release funds as colleges failed to submit details of their programmes within time,\" said Marjit. \"The government has also decided to give us seed fund for supporting the State Wide University Network. The exact amount is yet to be finalized,\" Marjit added.Further, it was decided that a file tracking system will be prepared by the department for smooth file movement, keeping in mind chief minister Mamata Banerjee's suggestion to dispose of files quickly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17332911", "title": "Miranda Kerr is the new face of Mango", "text": "Supermodel Miranda Kerr has replaced Kate Moss as the face of Spain's fashion label Mango.Kerr, 29, who began her modelling career at the age of 13, is excited with the association.\"I am delighted to be collaborating with Mango for the Spring/Summer 2013 season. We had a great time shooting the campaign and it was very easy working with the entire team,\" dailystar.co.uk quoted her as saying.\"Mango is a brand that I love. You always find the perfect garment for every occasion,\" she added.Actress Penelope Cruz has also been Mango's spokesmodel in the past.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17330104", "title": "Court gives government 2-month deadline on garbage", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka high court on Thursday directed the authorities to transport the wet waste collected from city households to the newly identified landfill approved by the Karnataka State Pollution Control Board - 94.35 acres of government land in Sarjapur hobli, Chikkanagamangala village in south Bangalore.The court on Thursday also set a two-month %deadline to the government to set up segregation %and wet waste centres in 28 assembly constituencies in two months. The court %has set a four-month deadline for the BBMP to set up these segregation centres in all 198 wards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17332438", "title": "In affluent Ludhiana city, obesity a big problem among children", "text": "LUDHIANA: Nishant Singh, 6, resident of Sarabha Nagar and a Class II student of Sacred Heart Convent School, weighs 35kg against an ideal weight of 20kg. His sedentary lifestyle which involves going to school, attending classes, returning home and then remaining glued to television in the evening, explains why. And Nishant is not the only one, the trend seen in city hospitals, besides various studies conducted by experts suggest that obesity is becoming a big problem among children.Dr Naveen Bajaj, a child specialist at Deep Hospital said, \"Everyday, I get one child patient, in the age group of 4 to 12 years, who is obese. Of the cases I see, more than 80% of the children are obese due to dietary problems whereas the rest are fat due to hormonal imbalance, which results in faulty metabolism.\" He added, \"Children who are obese duet to dietary habits, have fat deposition all over the body, whereas most children who are obese due to hormonal imbalance have fats deposited at the back of the neck and abdominal area.\"Dwelling on the causes of obesity, Dr Jogesh Chatwal, professor in the department of pediatrics at Christian Medical College and Hospital (CMCH), said, \"The main causes of obesity among children are fast food, not having much physical activity and remaining glued to television, laptops and play stations. However some children are obese because of hormonal imbalance. In a study done by CMCH in Ludhiana schools five years ago, we found that 10% of the children were obese, whereas 14% were at the risk of becoming obese.\"Chatwal pointed out, \"Moderate to severely obese children get exhausted and become hypertensive but a child who continues to be obese in his teenage can also fall prey to type two diabetes.\"Experts say that lack of adequate number of playing fields in the city has also resulted in children becoming overweight.\"There are limited playing fields in the city which results in children preferring indoor games over outdoor ones. The best way of tackling obesity among children is by keeping a check on the number of calories going in and the calories being burnt (through exercise). Parents must ensure that their wards don't spend too much time watching television or playing video, mobile and tablet games for long\", said Dr Daljeet Singh, head of the department of pediatrics at Dayanand Medical College and Hospital (DMCH).He said, \"In a survey done by us in city schools a few years ago, we found a high percentage of obesity among children, especially those belonging to affluent families.\"High obesity incidence among kids from North: SurveyA recent survey done by a sports and fitness organization found a higher incidence of obesity among children from the northern states like Punjab, Delhi/NCR (National Capital Region), Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh and Haryana, with 24% of them having a high body mass index (BMI) as against the national average of 19.9%. Low fitness levels coupled with lack of basic skills to play sports, unhealthy eating habits and dependence on television, internet and video games for entertainment has put an entire generation of children at risk of growing up to become unhealthy and inactive adults, the survey pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17330203", "title": "Plastic crates may replace jute bags soon", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee chaired a meeting on Thursday to take stock of the rising prices of agro products. The feasibility of plastic crates to ferry vegetables instead of jute bags was also discussed.Traders' organizations had complained that there was a huge loss of vegetables during transportation. They said that vegetables worth crores get spoiled when the jute bags are thrown off trains and lorries during offload.Keeping in mind the woe of traders, the CM discussed the possibility of using plastic crates that can be a safe cushion for vegetables. She also said, if needed, the state government will distribute 60,000 crates to vegetable sellers and traders.With potato prices hovering around Rs 15 per kg in city markets, Mamata asked the task-force members to keep a tab on vegetable prices. The CM said the price of potato should be around Rs 11 a kg. She asked enforcement officials to keep a tab so that onions are not smuggled out of the state. There is currently a shortage of onions in the state.Police officers have also been asked to be on the alert.The Bengal government, which is lobbying in favour of using jute bags for agro-products instead of nylon bags, is now planning to take a summersault with plans to use plastic crates for transporting vegetables.At a meeting on agro-prices chief minister Mamata Banerjee chaired on Thursday, the plan to introduce plastic crates to transport vegetables was also discussed. Traders' organizations had complained that there was a huge loss of vegetables during transportation. The organizations stated that vegetables worth several crores of rupees are spoiled when jute bags containing them are thrown off trains and lorries they are offloaded from.While expressing concern for the loss traders suffer, the meeting discussed the possibility of using plastic crates that can be a safe cushion for vegetables. The CM also stated that, if needed, the state government will distribute 60,000 crates to vegetable sellers and traders so that their products are not damaged during transportation.With potato prices hovering around Rs 15 a kg in city markets, the CM asked task force members to keep a tab on vegetable prices, particularly that of potato. The CM said the price of potato should be around Rs 11 a kg. She asked enforcement officials to keep a tab so that onions are not smuggled out of the state. There is currently a shortage of onions in the state. Police officers have also been asked to be on the alert.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17330385", "title": "Birds collect eatery\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s rent", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It's a usual day at Raipur crossroads. A long, serpentine queue is clearly visible beside the bustling junction. People are lining up for their evening snacks \u00e2\u20ac\u201d piping hot bhajiyas at the old Raipur Bhajiya House \u00e2\u20ac\u201d now a brand in itself.Right beside the shop is a bird-feeder. Here, a feast is in progress and the guests are pigeons. Actually, the pigeons are more than just invitees, they are landlords of this thriving business establishment.The two brothers who own Raipur Bhajiya House begin every working day by placating a flock of rent collectors. The rent is paid in the form of gram, lentil, and millet. And the collectors are birds that swoop down on the feed even as the brothers begin to spread it on the roof of their shop.The tradition started in 1922 when our grandfather Somabhai Patel went to Chandanben Somnath Bhudar Trust, which looked after a Shiva temple near Raipur Darwaza. He wanted one of the shops owned by the trust in the vicinity on rent. The trustees said that they didn't want money for the space. Instead, they asked him to feed the birds for a value that would cover the rent. \"The bird-feeder chosen was right opposite the proposed shop. He agreed to the condition and started Raipur Bhajiya House,\" one of the owners, Subash Patel, told TOI.The brothers, who live in Kankaria, said that the rental condition may seem strange now but when it was settled, it was based on entirely practical considerations. They said that in the age in which the agreement was accepted, Ahmedabad was defined by the wall surrounding it. The bird feeder was located outside the walled city and was hence was difficult to maintain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17329861", "title": "Jaya launches 675 new buses across Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa on Thursday commissioned 675 new buses across the state. State Express Transport Corporation will have to serve around 286 new routes following this announcement.Chennai city will get 28 new buses. In Villupuram, 169 buses have been introduced to cover 70 new routes.In western Tamil Nadu, Salem will get 137 new buses on 45 routes, while Coimbatore will have 174 buses that will cover 55 new routes.In Kumbakonam, 69 buses have been introduced for as many new routes. Madurai will soon get 10 buses and an equal number of routes. Tirunelveli has been given 85 buses and seven new routes.With these introductions, the bus fleet in the state will go up to 20,500, a statement from the secretariat said. Since the AIADMK government came to power, 1,353 new routes have been introduced, it said.Last week, one air-conditioned bus service from Chennai to every district was introduced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17332264", "title": "Yome Ashura to be observed today", "text": "INDORE: The tenth day of Muharram, Yome Ashura, falls on Friday. On the occasion of Yome Ashura, vaaz will be held at Saifi Nagar Masjid during which the Dawoodi Bohra community members will keep faka in the memory of martyrs for the entire day barring the namaz time, said the spokespersons of the community Mazhar Hussain Sethjiwala and Burhanuddin Shakruwala.They said, on the occasion of Yome Ashura, the religious teacher of Dawoodi Bohras, Dr Syedna Sahab's grandson's son-in-law Janab Mustafa Bhaisahab Safiuddin will recall the Karbala incident in his vaaz. During vaaz, Zohar and Ashrr Namaz would also be offered.\"The community members have been asked to be present at the vaaz in large numbers,\" said Burhanuddin adding that the community members would be observing fast in memory of the Karbala martyrs who sacrificed their lives remaining without food and water for three days. They would be mourned, while Iftar would be held after the Magrib namaz.Meanwhile on Thursday, the ninth day of Muharram, live audio-video recording of the predecessor of Syedna Sahab, Sayedi Aliqdar Mufaddal Bhaisahab from Surat was relayed at Saifi Nagar Masjid. Large number of Dawoodi Bohras turned up for the vaaz. The vaaz was telecast at Siyaganj, Bohrabakhal, Noorani Nagar, Malharganj, Badribagh, and Chhaoni masjids.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17330470", "title": "Court asks to attach ex-ministers\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 property if they fail to appear", "text": "LUCKNOW: A district and sessions court on Thursday directed the police to attach the property of former secondary education minister Rangnath Misra and former small scale industries minister Chandradeo Ram Yadav if the two fail to appear before the court in connection with the Labour and Construction Co-operative Federation (LACCFED) scam, within the next 30 days.The court's directives came after the Special Investigation Bureau (SIB) of the co-operative cell of Uttar Pradesh Police approached the court stating that the two have not produced themselves for questioning despite repeated notices and letters by the agency. The application was moved under section 83 of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC), which provides for attaching the property of an accused in a criminal case for his/her failure to make themselves available for questioning before the investigating agency.Once the court accepts the application, it awards the last opportunity to the accused by allowing another grace period of 30 days to make themselves available before the investigating agency or the court itself for questioning. In case the accused fail to respond to the court's ultimatum, the court finally issues orders under section 83 of the CrPC, which entitles the court to order for attachment of all immovable property of the accused in the question.On October 26, 2012 the SIB had raided the houses of Rangnath Misra and Chandradeo Ram Yadav, who were ministers in the previous BSP government, in Bhadohi and Azamgarh districts respectively to arrest them in connection with allegations that they had taken kickbacks in return for allocating work to the LACCFED in 2010-2011. However, the SIB returned empty handed, as neither of them were available at their residence. The raids came a day after the SIB procured arrest warrants against the two from the court on the basis of evidence against the duo. The SIB is probing the alleged embezzlement of over Rs 50 crore of government fund meant for construction of buildings including ITIs, polytechnic hostels, employment exchanges, homoeopathy hospitals, court rooms, veterinary hospitals, mortuaries and signboards in Navodaya schools during 2010-2011 by LACCFED.A case alleging financial irregularities was lodged at Hussainganj police station of Lucknow in February 2012 on a complaint by the LACCFED general manager, administration and finance, PN Singh Yadav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17329156", "title": "Three extortionists arrested by Badshapur cops", "text": "GURGAON: Three extortionists were arrested by Badshapur police on Thursday. They were allegedly stopping vehicles and taking bribes from the drivers.They took Rs 15,000 from a dumper driver on the pretext of his vehicle being overloaded. Based on the dumper owner's statement, police lodged an FIR against four accused.The three arrested miscreants were identified as Laxman alias Lacchi and Manoj, residents of Aayanagar in Delhi, and Avinash, native of Uttar Pradesh. The fourth accused, who is still at large, was named as Jaibeer, resident of Kadarpur village. The three arrested men were produced in a city court which sent them in judicial custody.According to police, the incident took place near Kadarpur village two days before Diwali. The dumper owner was identified as Ravindra, resident of Begumpur Khatola village.In his complaint he told police that on November 11 night, his driver was going towards L&T; Company in the dumper loaded with building materials. On the way four unknown youths had stopped the dumper and asked the driver for huge amount in the name of issuing a challan. They had then asked for a bribe of Rs 15,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "purnia", "code": "17328466", "title": "Jute Corporation of India bid to boost sagging morale of jute growers in Purnia, Kosi", "text": "PURNIA: Even as prices of raw jute are currently hovering beyond the statutory minimum support price levels, the behemoth Jute Corporation of India (JCI) has hit the bull's eye by procuring roughly 9,000 quintals and 11,000 quintals of raw jute across Purnia and Kosi divisions, the main jute hinterland in the state.JCI regional manager (RM ), Purnia , Hari Prakash Sinha, while talking to TOI said, \"The JCI has bought all 9,000 quintals and 11,000 quintals of raw jute directly from the growers in two divisions of Purnia and Kosi, respectively till November 20 against last year's total procurement of 14,000 quintals in Purnia and 9,500 quintals across Kosi division.\"In view of the progressive decline in area under jute cultivation in the main jute hinterland in these two divisions, the Central government had announced a slew of measures to boost the sagging morale of the jute growers and lure them back into traditional jute farming . This included a steep hike in the minimum support price level before the advent of the jute purchase season this year, Sinha said .The support prices of raw jute were pegged at from Rs 2,225 to Rs 2,500 per quintal, depending upon the grades of raw jute, he added.The bait thrown by the Central government has indeed paid off, and not only area under jute cultivation has gone but market prices of raw jute, also known as 'golden fibre', have swirled high.The open market prices of the 'golden fibre' are currently ranged between Rs 2,550 and above, said the RM.The raw jute is classified in eight grades, depending on its quality. In Purnia division, jute cultivation is more pronounced and widespread in Kishanganj district.The raw jute produced in Purnia division is classified from fifth to eighth grade.Raw jute, which is produced in Kosi division is branded as 'junglee' , Sinha said.Meanwhile, four purchase centres with in-built ware-houses, each at a cost of Rs 1.5 crore are fast coming up at Kishanganj, Bahadurganj, Pothia and Thakurganj in Kishanganj district under the much-trumpeted Centre's Jute Technology Mission-III, which could further prove a shot in the arm of traditional jute farmers, Sinha told.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "kishanganj", "code": "17328568", "title": "Man strangles wife to death", "text": "KISHANGANJ: A man strangled his wife to death at his village, Chakla, under Kishanganj police station in Kishanganj district on Wednesday night. The husband, Manobar Hussain, was arrested on the charge of killing his wife on Thursday, police said.Manobar Hussain strangled his wife, Rafat, aged about 20, near a field in Chakla village. Later, he hung her body from a tree top to give the impression that she had committed suicide, police said. The dead Rafat was found hanging from the tree top by her close relatives on Thursday morning.Manobar Hussain and Rafat lived in neighbouring houses in Chakla village. They were infatuated with each other and carried on their love affair on the sly. But when their secret tumbled out of the closet nearly two years back, villagers at the panchayat level forced them to tie the nuptial knot, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17330771", "title": "Jal Mahal case transfer plea rejected", "text": "JAIPUR: A local court on Thursday dismissed a petition requesting transfer of hearing in the Jal Mahal land lease case to another court. The petition was filed by businessman Navratan Kothari and others who are accused in the fraud.The petition was dismissed by additional district judge - 5. A K Jain, advocate of Bhagwat Gaur, who is fighting the case against IAS officer Vinod Zutshi, Kothari and others, had argued before the court that the petition requesting transfer of the case was intended to delay the proceedings.\"It is despite the Supreme Court's direction to decide in three months the revision petition related to the case,\" said Jain.Kothari is the owner of Jal Mahal Resorts Pvt Ltd to whom the government land adjoining the Man Sagar Lake (Jal Mahal) in the city has been leased.The land initially belonged to the Jaipur Development Authority, Jaipur Municipal Corporation and the Public Works Department but was transferred to the Rajasthan Tourism Development Corporation (RTDC), which handed it over to M/s Jal Mahal Resorts for developing tourist facilities around the lake.The accused had filed the revision petition in the SC after the lower court issued non-bailable arrest warrants against them in September last year, while the Rajasthan High Court declined to grant them anticipatory bails.Early this year, the high court dismissed a criminal miscellaneous petition and later rejected a review petition filed by Kothari, leaving him with no option but to approach the Supreme Court.However, SC directed the local court in Jaipur to decide in three months a revision petition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "17330020", "title": "Rights activist seeks UN intervention in Sarabjit's case", "text": "AMRITSAR: All Maharashtra Human Rights Welfare Association has appealed to UN to intervene and ensure that Kasab's execution in India does not affect the case of Indian prisoner Sarabjit Singh, who is lodged in Pakistan's Kot Lakhpat jail, Lahore, for around 22 years. Sarabjit Singh's counsel Awaish Sheikh told TOI that Pakistan's civil society backed Sarabjit Singh even after Kasab's execution.Talking to TOI on Thursday, association president Jayesh Mirani said that he had sent a missive to UN secretary general to ensure that Pakistan government didn't come under influence of fundamentalists and militant organizations and ensure that Sarabjit's case was not affected in any way. \"Sarabjit is facing illegal detention in Pakistan and his case has nothing to do with Kasab's hanging,\" he said.He said that in the letter, he had given reference of provision in law that if a sentence was not effected after four years of its pronouncement, the convict had the right to be released on bail. Meanwhile, Awaish Sheikh told TOI over phone from Lahore that he would once again apply for a personal meeting with Sarabjit in Kot Lakhpat jail. He said: \"Let's see if they allow me a personal meeting with Sarabjit or not, and if they decline, I shall move the court.\"About reactions in Pakistan after Kasab's hanging, he said that Pakistan civil society still backs Sarabjit Singh just like it supported Malala Yousafzai, an education activist who was shot in head and neck by the Taliban in October.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17330183", "title": "Parties corner Mamata on no-confidence move", "text": "KOLKATA: Lok Sabha speaker Meira Kumar may have taken a couple of minutes to turn down Sudip Bandopadhyay's plea to move a no-confidence motion against the UPA 2 government, but its political reverberations in the state lasted the entire day.Even though the word is still not out whether the Centre would agree to the CPM's demand to entail a discussion and vote, assembly opposition leader Surjya Kanta Mishra was first off the block to term Trinamool's no-confidence motion as a \"laughable matter.\" \"She ( Mamata Banerjee ) went from door to door seeking support for her no-confidence motion. But in reality, it is she on whom nobody has confidence. She should instead seek a vote of confidence within her own party,\" Mishra told reporters on Thursday.Later in the day, the chief minister took to Facebook to back her move. \"We thought that other members, who were so vociferous against the FDI in retail and various other anti-people decisions taken by the UPA government, would join the no-trust move. Unfortunately, they did not come forward for the cause of the people, citing various excuses,\" she wrote. \"Though the motion was rejected on the floor of the House due to numbers, the 'No Trust' against the UPA government is not rejected by the people of the country. Now, you see the saviours of the government have been exposed,\" she added.\"Today, you have seen that according to our commitment to the people of the country, AITMC Members of the Parliament have moved the No-Confidence Motion against the UPA Government on the opening day of the Session. We knew our limitation was the strength, and ultimately, that is why the Motion was rejected.\"That Trinamool didn't have the numbers was apparent. As party MP Saugata Roy reasoned: \"Everyone is vocal on FDI in retail, price rise and petro price hike. But we're the only party which proved that when it comes to people, there is no half-measures in politics. You can't oppose and yet support the government at the same time. We have proved that when it came to principles, we were not shy to walk out of the government and are not scared to oppose it.\" Roy rebuffed suggestions that the Trinamool was isolated in the issue, \"Had it been a fact, BJD members wouldn't have supported us.\"Kabir Suman, the only Trinamool MP who was not present in the House on Thursday, alleged: \"I wasn't informed on this and I believe it was an immature political move by them.\" Tarun Mondal, the SUCI Lok Sabha MP, which went for a pre-poll alliance with Trinamool in Bengal, too, didn't support it. Mondal later said: \"Trinamool never discussed this matter with us. They never broached the issue of voting together.\"Expectedly, the Congress ridiculed Trinamool Congress for \"daring\" to move the no-confidence. Manas Bhunia, a former minister in the Trinamool government, criticized Mamata, claiming: \"She is exposed and has been cornered in national politics.\" WBPCC leaders, including Bhunia and Abdul Mannan, took out a procession on Thursday from the PCC headquarters to Esplanade denouncing Mamata's move to 'humiliate' the UPA government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17332945", "title": "NTPC to start Sundergarh project work in January", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The National Thermal Power Corporation (NTPC) on Thursday said it could commence work for its proposed power project in Sundergarh district from January provided the state government hands over the required land in December.\"We can start work from January. We would take four years to commission the project,\" the corporation's chairman-cum-managing director Arup Roy Choudhury told media persons after meeting chief minister Naveen Patnaik here.The central PSU has proposed to set up a 1600 MW (2x800 mw) super thermal power station at Darlipalli in Sundergarh district over 1652 acre, including 1278 acre private land, 338 acre government land and about 35 acre forest land, official source said.The chief minister has assured that the state government would hand over land by December 10, Choudhury said, adding the government has solved the dispute of the forest land.Officials said the project would come up at an estimated cost of 12,850 crore. It would use water from Hirakud reservoir. The state government would get 50% of its electricity requirement from the thermal power facility, for which the coal linkage has been assured.Energy secretary P K Jena, who is also chairman-cum-managing director of state-owned Odisha Industrial Infrastructure Development Corporation (Idco), said he was confident that land could be acquired for the Darlipalli project by mid-December. Jena said \"The collector of Sundergarh district has solved certain land related problems through negotiation with the local people. Land acquisition is no more a problem,\" Jena added.Another NTPC proposed power project in the state, however, shows no signs of progress. The central PSU had proposed a 1600 MW project at Gajamara in Dhenkanal district 1039 acre, including 796 acre private land, 166 government land and 76 acre forest land. But the state government is reportedly unsure about its viability from different angles. \"We are weighing the pros and cons of the project,\" a senior officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "17333737", "title": "1 hurt in blast near Assam Rifles post in Imphal", "text": "IMPHAL: Rebels triggered a powerful IED blast just below an Assam Rifles post at Chinga hillock in Imphal, injuring one on Thursday around 5.30 pm.Naorem Ibomcha of Chingmathak (35), who received multiple splinter injuries, was rushed to RIMS(Regional Institute of Medical Sciences) here.The spot comes under Imphal municipal area from where the controversial Armed Forces(Special Powers) Act has been withdrawn.No group had owned up to the blast till the time of filing this report.The rebels, who are fighting to restore Manipur's past sovereignty, have been attacking security forces frequently with IED blasts since the September 5. The government forces have stepped up counter-insurgency operations at strategic areas in the wake of the blasts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17333702", "title": "Ramki, Venkat Prabhu's new ingredient", "text": "Ever since Venkat Prabhu started 'Biriyani' he has been slowly adding one by one to the cast which initialy started off with Karti, Hansika Motwani and Premji. After this it was UK beauty Mandy Tahkar that joined the crew.Ramki will be the latest to join the Biriyani 's already long list of cast including Sneha-Prasanna, You Tube star Sam Anderson, Neetu Chandra and Vaibhav Reddy.Karthi will be a seen in a stylish urban look in ' Biriyani' and as the actor has undergone an image makeover for the same. As Karthi is busy with the final phase of Alex Pandian, Venkat Prabhu is shooting the portions with Premji and Sam Anderson.As far as the technical crew is considered, the music is by Yuvan Shankar Raja, editors Praveen and Srikanth, cinematographer Sakthi Saravanan and costume designer Vasuki Bhaskar are in the Biriyani crew.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17330223", "title": "More funds for integrated terminal", "text": "NEW DELHI: Government on Thursday approved additional funds for the development of the integrated passenger terminal building at the Kolkata international airport expected to be inaugurated in January.The Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs, at a meeting chaired by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , approved the revised cost estimate of Rs 2,325 crore for the modernization and expansion of Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose International Airport, Kolkata (NSCBI) including construction of an integrated terminal building, a release said.In July 2008, CCEA had cleared Rs 1,942.51 crore for the project, cost of which had increased based on award of certain packages of work, by competitive bidding and review of scope of certain works. The airport is likely to be inaugurated on January 23 on the birth anniversary of Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose. ptiThe revised estimated cost of the work of Rs 2,325 crore will be met through internal resources and borrowings, the release said. Term loan assistance of Rs 986 crore - about 42% of project cost - has been considered at 10% interest rate per annum with nine years repayment period including moratorium period of two years, the release said.The ratio between internal resources and borrowings has been revised at 58:42 to fund the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17330184", "title": "'The best six months of my life'", "text": "It's a very special Friday for 33-year-old Nikeeth Thomas who plays the role of young Pi's (Suraj Sharma) body-double in 'Life of Pi'.What prompted you to audition for the character?It all started when I decided to quit my job at a design house in Mumbai and board a ship to Andaman &amp; Nicobar Islands. What was planned to be a two-week break ended up being a life-changing chapter. I came back to Bangalore and joined a scuba-diving company. The job took me to the Maldives, where I made my debut as an underwater videographer. Then I got a call from a friend who was casting for a film. When he said the role was for 'Life of Pi', which was to be directed by Ang Lee, I fell off my seat. They were looking for a stunt double for main protagonist Suraj Sharma, someone with diving experience and the same height and built. The audition required me dive into the coldest pool I had ever been in. By the end of the week, I bagged the role.You are not really a stuntman, how did you manage the role requirements?I owe it all to the stunts team for their skills, intensive training and strict diet regimen. The team spent hours every day over six months knocking the fear out us, in a beautiful island.What was your most fearful/exciting stunt in the movie?There was one underwater stunt that required us to hold our breath for at least a couple of minutes and swim to a low depth, while timing our strokes beautifully to the beats.How was the experience of working with big-ticket actors and directors?In one word -overwhelming! I can't help but feel blessed to have been part of such a magical experience. Artistic and technically capable people from all aro8und the world came together to share the vision of one of the greatest story-tellers of our time, and created a visual masterpiece about a boy lost in the sea with a Royal Bengal Tiger. What a ride, what a dream! Best six months of my life .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17329766", "title": "Cops get five-day custody of Gurumurthy in Metals Trading Corporation of India case", "text": "CHENNAI: A CBI court judge granted police five-day custody to question the former finance manager of public sector trading body Minerals and Metals Trading Corporation of India (MMTC). The manager was allegedly involved in financial irregularities of 89.6 crore.V Gurumurthy, former general manager (finance and accounts) of MMTC was arrested and produced before CBI court judge C Yousuf Ali on Monday. He was remanded to 15 days' judicial custody. On Thursday, the judge granted police his custody.According to the prosecution, the CBI filed an FIR saying Gurumurthy and a few others had entered into a criminal conspiracy with Shiv Sahai and Sons to cheat MMTC in bullion trading. \"In pursuance of the said conspiracy, they (S Gurusamy, former chief general manager of south zone, MMTC, and Gurumurthy) extended undue favours to N P Agarwal, proprietor, Shiv Sahai and Sons by abusing their official position and caused a wrongful loss to the tune of 89.6 crore to MMTC by intentionally omitting to recover the said amount from his account (Agarwal),\" said the petition.Between 2007 and 2009, the firm imported gold and silver under the stand-by letter of credit (SLBC) scheme. It deposited the cost of bullion arrived at on the basis of a \"notional price and notional exchange rate\" on the date of delivery of consignment. SLBC transactions have to be routed through the online bullion trading system (BTS). Instead of using BTS, the officials carried out the transactions manually allegedly to favour the company.\"The manipulation of various heads of account, non-debiting of parties, preparation of inflated statements, non-taking of forward, cover, etc. are within the knowledge of Gurumurthy and he can only reveal how such manipulations were done. It is only within the knowledge of Gurumurthy as to how he favoured the other accused by misrepresenting facts and manipulating accounts. Hence the interrogation of Gurumurthy in police custody is essential to unearth the facts,\" said the petition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17329695", "title": "Govt learns nimble use of social media from India Against Corruption", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "17331077", "title": "US national arrested with charas worth Rs 65,000", "text": "MAPUSA: A US national was arrested on Thursday with 500g of charas worth around 65,000, police said.David Ben, 53, was apprehended near the Siolim-Chopdem bridge when he arrived there allegedly to deliver a consignment of drugs to one of his clients.\"David Ben was travelling on a motorcycle when he was arrested with the charas worth about 65,000 which he was carrying in his bag,\" said Anjuna PI Vishwesh Karpe.\"He was arrested by a patrolling party at about 7.30am,\" Karpe said. Police has booked an offence against the US national under the NDPS Act and are further investigating the case.David has been staying in Goa for the last 12 years. He was booked in an NDPS case in 2011 too, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17330272", "title": "Gorkha Janmukti Morcha demands three-tier panchayat", "text": "KOLKATA: A Gorkha Janmukti Morcha (GJM) delegation, led by general secretary Roshan Giri, met Mamata Banerjee at Writers' Buildings on Thursday and asked her to initiate steps for a constitutional amendment so that a three-tier panchayat system can be introduced in Darjeeling. thus removing an anomaly in the formation of Gorkhaland Territorial Administration. A GJM delegation led by general secretary Roshan Giri met chief minister Mamata Banerjee at Writers' Buildings on Thursday and asked her to take up the issue with the Centre.Giri said the delegation was informed that the Centre has already asked the state government to prepare a draft on the proposed amendment. Earlier under the Darjeeling Gorkha Hill Council, there was a two-tier panchayat system and no separate zilla parishad. But the GTA agreement provides for a three-tier panchayat system.The issue of rehabilitation of Gorkhaland Police personnel was also discussed in the meet. The GJM leaders pressed for the speedy transfer of government departments. \"Out of 57 departments due to GTA, 27 have already been transferred. On Thursday, the CM took initiative to transfer four more, bringing the total number of transferred departments to 31,\" said GTA deputy chief Colonel Ramesh Allay (Retd). TNNGorkha Janmukti Morcha (GJM) has asked the West Bengal government to initiate steps for a constitutional amendment for the introduction of the three-tier panchayat system in the hills of Darjeeling, thus removing an anomaly in the formation of Gorkhaland Territorial Administration. A GJM delegation led by its general secretary Roshan Giri met chief minister Mamata Banerjee at Writers' Buildings in Kolkata on Thursday and asked her to take up the issue with the Centre.Giri said after the meeting that the delegation was informed that the Centre had already asked the state government to prepare a draft of the proposed amendment. Under the previous Darjeeling Gorkha Hill Council a two-tier panchayat system functioned in the hills, there being no separate zilla parishad. But the GTA agreement provided for the three-tier panchayat system in the hills.A legal expert said it was high time the constitution was amended for introduction of the three-tier panchayat system in the hills as the Constitution provided for a two-tier panchayat system in the DGHC area. There is also a court case pending on this issue, but Giri said the case would not stand in the way of amending the Constitution. With a full-fledged zilla parishad, the benefits of development would reach the common people.The pending issue of rehabilitation of Gorkhaland Police personnel came up for discussion in the meeting with the chief minister. The GTA agreement had provided for their recruitment in police and other security forces. Over 2,000 \"GLP boys\" were living under trying circumstances in camps, Giri said. As the question of recruitment was worked out, Giri asked for some \"concessions for the boys\" in the mean time.GJM leaders wanted the process of transfer of government departments to GTA to be expedited. Out of 57 departments due to GTA, 27 had already been transferred. The chief minister during the day took the initiative to transfer four more, bringing the total number of transferred departments to 31, GTA deputy chief Colonel Ramesh Allay(Retd) added. State home secretary Basudeb Banerjee accompanied by a few other departmental secretaries would go to Darjeeling on November 26 to oversee the process of smooth transfer and to ensure that the transferred departments functioned in a full-fledged manner.Giri added that the chief minister might visit Darjeeling during the tea tourism festival to start on December 13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "17330206", "title": "Howrah water unsafe, 10 lakh at peril", "text": "HOWRAH: This will make your guts churn if you had corporation-supplied water in Howrah any time in the last year.An internal audit has revealed shocking findings, indicating that untreated water flowed into Howrah homes. The report, by the municipality's resident audit office, says that water from the Padmapukur Water Works is \"unsafe\". No less than 10 lakh people living in Wards 1 to 40 and 24 and 44 and parts of 41 drink this water every day.When told of the report, many doctors in Howrah were stunned. \"So that's why we were seeing a spurt in typhoid and gastroenteritis,\" was the refrain.The audit report lays bare the sorry state of affairs at PWW, which is run by the Howrah Municipal Corporation. It cites an instance when the stock of bleaching powder was exhausted on February 13 and was not available till May 23.\"In spite of the unavailability of bleaching powder, the use of the other disinfectant, chlorine, remained the same,\" says the report, adding, \"Even after procurement of bleaching powder on May 24, they (the authorities of PWW) did not bother to use it till June 26. From May 22 to June 19, the consumption of chlorine was reduced drastically to 30 kg a day.\"The auditors could find nothing in the records to explain why the quantity of chlorine was \"reduced to such a minimal level\", say sources.The report, which was submitted to HMC commissioner Nilanjan Chattopadhyay on November 1, shows just how unsafe the water is. Bacteriological analysis put the presumptive coliform count at 110/100 ml and faecal coliform count at 11/100 ml, which was \"much greater than the optimum danger level\", says the report. \"No effective measures were taken to tackle these dangers.... the authority had knowingly been playing with the health and lives of common people without any regrets,\" it says.No wonder doctors in Howrah are increasingly attending to patients, mostly children, infected with water-borne diseases. Paediatrician Sujoy Chakraborty said: \"The number of patients suffering from typhoid, gastroenteritis and hepatitis has gone up drastically. I have seen patients having a relapse of typhoid within a few months. Now that we know the reason, we would like to get the water tested from a reliable laboratory and send the report to the mayor since the issue is related to public health.\"The indifference of those running PWW is very clear as the report mentions that \"an important water testing equipment, spectrophotometer, installed in the laboratory had not been working due to non-functioning of the ultraviolet lamp installed in it.\"HMC has its own laboratory at the water treatment plant to conduct physical, chemical and bacteriological tests to assess the quality of raw water and treated water. Strangely, the test reports show no change in water quality when bleaching powder was not used and chlorine was cut down.\"The lab reports from April 1, 2010, to August 30, 2012, showed the same data every day without any change,\" observes the audit report, adding, \"Non-conduct of bacteriological examination even after the direction of the high court shows negligence on the part of the persons responsible for conducting such tests (the chemist-cum-analyst and the plant superintendent).\"Asked about the shocking report, Howrah mayor Mamata Jaiswal said: \"The commissioner has sought an explanation from the plant engineer on the matter. I cannot comment until we get to know the clarification.\"Opposition leader in HMC, Arun Roy Chowdhury, slammed the civic board. \"This is gross negligence. Central Howrah MLA and agriculture minister Arup Roy and urban development minister Firhad Hakim visited the plant and sought a proposal from HMC so that the government could extend its help. But the municipality is yet to compile the report,\" he alleged.Ashis Bose, councilor of Ward 28, accused HMC of \"holding lives to ransom\". \"Legal action should be taken against the mayor and the plant superintendent,\" he said.The audit report has made a strong case for water tax. \"Scrapping of water charges is not in favour of healthy functioning of PWW and HMC,\" it says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17329304", "title": "Two public offers aim to raise Rs 1,620cr today", "text": "MUMBAI: Two public offers, every inch different from each other, are set to hit the market on Thursday, aiming to raise a total of about Rs 1,620 crore in just one day through the offer for sale route on BSE and NSE, information on BSE's website showed.In the state-run Hindustan Copper offering, the aim is to sell up to 9%, while in Blue Dart Express the offering is for about 6% of its equity. The promoters of Blue Dart are offering about 14.3 lakh shares of the company, or about 6% of its equity capital, at a floor price of Rs 1,720 per share to raise close to Rs 250 crore from the market. The promoters of the company are offering their stake to meet Sebi's 25% non-promoter shareholding norm that all listed companies need to adhere to by June 2013. InThursday's market, the stock closed at the upper circuit limit at Rs 2,057. At the current closing price, the offer price is at a 16.4% discount to the market price.In Hindustan Copper, the government is selling close to 8.9 crore shares at Rs 155, a discount of nearly 42% to Thursday's closing price at Rs 266. tnnDespite the huge discount, there is a possibility that LIC , in which the government raised equity holding limit for a single company to 30% from 10% earlier, may have to step in to bail out, market players said. This is because at the hugely discounted price, its price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio, a key measure if a stock is expensive or not, is at 46.5, compared to 21.30 for Sterlite Industries , the PSU major's closest competitor, market players pointed out. And at Thursday's closing price Hindustan Copper P/E was 80.Market's explanation for the high P/E is because of a very low floating stock in the counter. Its latest disclosed shareholding pattern showed that of the 92.5 crore shares issued by the company, the government holds about 92.1 crore shares, translating to nearly 99.6% of its stake. \"Since there is hardly any floating stock in the counter, the stock is trading at such a high valuation,\" said head of a local investment advisory firm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17333793", "title": "Ganga Mahotsav kickstarts on Saturday", "text": "VARANASI: The 18th Ganga Mahotsav, scheduled to be held in the city from November 24 to November 27, will be inaugurated at Rajendra Prasad ghat on Saturday.Talking to reporters on Thursday, divisional commissioner Chanchal Kumar Tiwari revealed that classical and semi-classical artistes of nationwide fame, including Pandit Vishwamohan Bhatt, Bhajan Sapori, Ratan Mohan Sharma, a group of students from faculty of Performing Arts, Banaras Hindu University (BHU) and local folk artists will perform during the four-day cultural event.Meanwhile, several traditional sporting events including Ganga Marathon (from Sant Ravidas ghat to Dashaswamedh ghat) Kushti at Assi ghat, Boat race, Gada, Jodi, Malkham at Rajendra Prasad ghat will also be organised during the occasion.In addition, group dance, solo dance, instrumental music, folk and semi-classical singing competitions will also be held for students of various schools at Sanskritik Sankul, Chowkaghat.In the series of programmes to be organised under Ganga Mahotsav, Ministry of Textile, New Delhi is organising a Gandhi Shilp Bazaar at Urban Haat, Sanskritik Sankul from November 25 to November 4. According to Tiwari, with the aim to promote handloom and handicraft products and creating a direct platform for artisans to meet buyers and exporters, Shilp Bazaar has invited artisans who are state and national level awardees. While over 200 artisans are expected to arrive for the Shilp Bazaar, government has also provided free stalls to 150 handicraft artisans and 30 handloom artisans. The 10-day fair will witness participation of artisans from Andhra Prasad, Gujarat, Kerala, UP, Mumbai, Madhya Pradesh , Sikkim , Himachal Pradesh , Orissa, Bihar , Jharkhand and several other states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17334140", "title": "Sleek version of Sivaji in 3D", "text": "There has been a fair amount of hype for the 3D version of Sivaji ever since it was announced and the latest is that the the 3D format will be a much slick version of the original and would be releasing on 12th December.Superstar Rajinikanth's 2007-hit ' Sivaji ' in 3D format will have a number of scenes axed and trimmed. For instance the Angavai Sangavai scenes, Solomon Papaiya's Vaaanga Pazhagalam scenes, the fight scene with Kanal Kannan have been completely clipped.While the action fight sequence in car in the drive-in has been trimmed to an extent so as to make the movie fast paced and sleek. The movie is said to be reduced by 30 minutes and the audience could well expect to enjoy the 3D experience without any dragging parts in the movie.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17333353", "title": "Veena Malik arrested in Hyderabad", "text": "Sarkari jail has seen many Bollywood fames in their four walls. Recently the elegant and beautiful Veena Malik was seen at Hyderabad Jail. The actress was busy on her upcoming Telugu movie \"Nagna Satyam\" where she was arrested by Hyderabad Police. Veena looked upset when police brought her to jail. Unfortunately it's not true; it's just a part of her upcoming Telugu movie \"Nagna Satyam\".Arrested Veena said, \"It's a very toughest part of my movie because the feeling which I get while arrested is speechless. In the four wall of imprisonment I lost my happiness and freedom. I am happy to get the experience of it and give my best of it.\"Jail has become the second home of many Bollywood hunks. It's very sad to see our Big Bollywood celebrities who always face imprisonment. \"I can understand the torture, the trauma which celebrities suffer through their imprisonment it's very difficult\", she added.Veena Malik is busy on shooting her Telugu Movie \"Nagna Satyam\" which is directed by Rama Rao. She will also be seen in upcoming Bollywood flick \"The City That Never Sleeps\" which is Produced Satish Reddy and Directed by Haroon Rashid. Where Veena will break Guinness World Records and rub shoulders with Hollywood star Jeremy William , Yvette Shaw and Bollywood actors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17329380", "title": "Cops get to keep 1-crore Sabavalaas siblings fight", "text": "MUMBAI: In seven days, the Gamdevi police will come in possession-albeit temporarily-of a painting by Jehangir Sabavala valued at Rs1 crore. 'Still Life with Apples' is an early work by the painter, who died last year after a career spanning decades, in which he became one of the country's most beloved artists.The good fortune was bestowed upon the police as a result of a criminal trial over the painting between siblings Rustom Mehta (62), a businessman, and his elder sister Meher Devis Mehta. On Thursday, a Girgaum magistrate acquitted Rustom of theft charges levelled against him by Meher in 2007. At the same time, the magistrate directed Meher, who resides on Altamont Road, to hand over the painting to the police.The court, where the case has been on trail since 2008, while exonerating Rustom, said the painting must remain in police custody till the dispute over its ownership is sorted out by the siblings in a civil court. Rustom shuttles between the Altamont Road house and Pune. He is often abroad.Appearing for Meher, advocate Aabad Ponda said Rustom's intention in taking the painting \"that belonged to his sister\" was dishonest. But Rustom's lawyer Mihir Gheewala argued that the allegations had come out of the blue. He said Rustom was in Thailand when he received a call from the Gamdevi police in 2007 about the \"theft\" of the painting. The lawyer said Rustom told the police he had left a note for his sister since it was late in the night, explaining that he was shifting the painting to the Pune house of the Mehta's.Upon arriving in Mumbai a few days later, Rustom was shocked to find that a lookout notice had been issued against him. His lawyer said he was detained at the airport and taken to the Gamdevi police station, where he was locked up with petty criminals.After spending the night in lock-up, Rustom was granted bail the next day by the Girgaum court. Gheewala stressed that there was no justification for the arrest. \"Upon his arrest, a court ordered him to return the painting, which he did.\"The note left by Rustom played a vital role in his acquittal. The magistrate said, \"It speaks volumes of the intention of the accused. It seems he had removed the painting with other articles to relocate them. Relocating them after intimation cannot be called dishonest intention.\"The court ruled that the painting was admittedly family property, an heirloom left by the siblings' mother, but that the will was vague when it came to the painting and was yet to be probated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17333080", "title": "Jothi Krishna ties the knot", "text": "Famous producer A.M. Ratnam-Padmaja's eldest son Jothi Krishna - Aishwarya wedding took place this morning in a hotel in Chennai. Jothi Krishna tied the knot eactly at 10.12 today with the wedding bells ringing loudly.Director Shankar, Vishnuvardhan, Ramki, Vijayapadma, singer Hariharan, Amma creations producer Siva, Gnanavel Raja and many other celebrities attended the wedding including Kamila Nasser.The wedding reception will be held at the Leela Palace Chennai on Nov 26 at 7PM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17328447", "title": "Kerala CPM leader P Govindapillai passes away", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: P Govindapillai, the tallest ideologue in the CPM after EMS, died here at around 11.10pm on Thursday. He had been undergoing treatment at a private hospital owing to age related illness. He was 86Govinda Pillai, who is an author of several books on Communism, Marxism and international affairs had served as the chief editor of Desabhimani daily and weekly. A legislator who was part of the Travancore-Cochin assembly and Kerala Assembly, PG was never attracted to Parliamentary politics.He joined the Communist party in 1946 and became a state committee member in 1953. During the split, Govindapillai chose to be with the CPM along with AKG and EMS. A master with international affairs Govindapillai's columns in CPM mouthpiece Desabhimani and Kairali TV had a number of followers. An avid book buff who spent hours continuously in reading, Govindapillai had a vast collection of books sourced from different parts of the world.After the death of EMS, Govindapillai was tipped to be the natural ideological successor of him in the party. However, his criticism against EMS during an interview with a vernacular magazine didn't go along well with the party. He was demoted from the CPM state committee owing to that incident. He had an active public life till a few days ago when was hospitalized.He also served as the chairman of Kerala Press Academy and Kerala State Film Development Corporation. Govindapillai is the recipient of several awards including the Kerala Sahitya Academy award for literary criticism.Govindapillai's body will be kept for the public to pay homage at VJT hall and AKG centre from 11am onwards. The cremation will take place at 4pm at Thycaud electric crematorium.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17330631", "title": "EC notice to Gujarat Congress chief on remark against Narendra Modi", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17331139", "title": "43rd International Film Festival of India: Goans' day out", "text": "PANAJI: Tandoori kebabs from the streets of Mumbai, Chowpatti style bhel and hot boiled sweet corn found many a takers at the stalls set up for the general public outside the venue of the 43rd International Film Festival of India (IFFI). Come evening, the walkway opposite old GMC complex running up to Kala Academy could be seen packed with locals who decided it was the best hangout place for an evening with family and especially while the children are presently enjoying their Diwali vacations.For the love of cinema : A major chunk of the close to 13,000 delegates registered for IFFI this year is waiting to make it to Goa over the weekend, their days off from work. But what is keeping the ticketing counters busy are day delegates, who are issued passes on the spot for a nominal fee that enables them to enjoy the privilege of being a delegate for the day and witness the best of world and Asian cinema. But no delegate was disappointed by the festival organisers this year as the film lovers were allowed to queue up even without a ticket and were allowed to enter threatres five minutes before the screening to occupy seats for which ticket holders have not turned up.Missing freebies: Festival delegates lined up - some for even half a day - for their kits, which usually came with some freebies like a specially designed festival bag and mugs along with film schedules and a book of synopsis on the films. But the delegates were in for a surprise when the bags were missing and all they were left with were festival books and leaflets. What saved the day, though, was a festival icon - peacock - inspired coaster.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17332422", "title": "Promoting the model with social networking", "text": "LUDHIANA: A team of five Class X students from BCM Arya Model School have made it to the state level of CBSE's Children's Science Project event that will be held in Chandigarh next month. They have developed a biogas plant that generates six times more energy than coal from poultry droppings.Students' physics teacher Nikhil Sharma said, \"The team spent an entire month surveying 10 villages apart from the urban locales to understand the consumption patterns in various areas. They drew the hypothesis that biogas can be an efficient and favourable fuel for generating electricity.\"To promote their project and share the idea with the as many people as possible, the group has also created a page called \"Wonders from Biogas\" on a social networking website.Civil Lines resident Sharabh, who manages the page says he is excited about the idea of taking their own hard work to people.The students are going in to the state meet with an aim to make it to the nationals. \"Under constant guidance from PAU and our teachers, we have been working out better and more convincing results. Natural waste produces twice the thermal energy than coal, but poultry droppings treated with cow dung produce six time more thermal energy,\" said Lovedeep of South Model Gram.The chosen team at Chandigarh will represent Punjab at the CBSE's national meet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17330225", "title": "Bus mows down 17-year-old boy", "text": "KOLKATA: A 17-year-old boy riding pillion on his friend's bike was killed after their bike was hit by a private bus on Thursday. The accident occurred near Salt Lake's Mayukh Bhawan. Police have seized the killer vehicle, but the driver and conductor managed to escape amid the chaos.Sumitabha Chowdhury - a student of Maniktola High School - told his mother that he had to collect some forms from the SBI counter at Bikash Bhawan and he would be going to Salt Lake along with his friends Sumit Das (19) and Arunava Roychowdhury (18). The death of her younger son has left Kalpana speechless, who lost her husband just four months back.Locals said it was perhaps the acute financial crunch that the family was facing after his father's death which prompted Sumitabha to collect the West Bengal primary teacher examination form. He probably wanted to ease the burden on his elder brother Amitabha who works in a shop, said a neighbour. Another referred to him as a \"lively youth\".Witnesses said that the trio was near Mayukh Bhawan when a private bus, plying on the K1 route, hit the bike from behind. The impact was such that all three teens were hurled to the ground. Sumitabha was seated at the last and hence suffered severe head injuries.Though locals along with police took them to Bidhannagar hospital, it was too late and Sumitabha was declared brought dead. Sumit and Arunava have sustained minor injuries and bruises. Both the youths are first-year commerce students and were planning to take the examination along with Sumitabha. Bidhannagar city police have initiated an investigation. \"Prima facie, all three were wearing helmets. Despite that the victim suffered fatal head injuries,\" a senior officer said.The victim's home at Maniktola Motilal colony bore a desolate look after the news of the death reached them around 10 am this morning. A local said, \"He was a very lively youth. Before leaving home barely a couple of hours before he told his mother that he had a few forms to collect - what he didn't specify - from Bikash Bhawan and will return early. The two youths he left with were his close friends and his mother saw nothing wrong in it. Two hours later, she was informed of his death. Twice in four months, it is a blow the family is will find hard to recover from,\" informed a neighbour.A teenage pillion-rider was killed when a private bus hit the motorcycle he was traveling with two of his undergraduate friends off Salt lake's Mayukh Bhawan on Thursday morning. Sumitabha Chowdhury, 17, was a high schooler at Maniktola high school and told his mother Kalpana before leaving that he had to pick a few forms from Bikash Bhawan. For Kalpana, it is her second loss in four months, having being widowed only four months back.It was perhaps the loss of his father, which prompted Sumitabha to go to the SBI counter in Bikash Bhawan to buy the primary school teacher examination form. Sumitabha was trying to get a job to ease the financial burden on his elder brother Amitabha who worked part-time in a show owned by their relative. Sumitabha was in the bike with two of his friends - Sumit Das (19) and Arunava Roychowdhury (18) - when a K1 private bus hit them from behind. Sumitabha was seated the last and hence suffered the maximum impact. As the three youths were hurled to the ground, Sumitabha suffered serious head injuries and died in the spot itself.Locals came to the rescue of the youths - who along with police - shifted them to the Bidhannagar state general hospital. Sumitabha had died before. But Sumit and Arunava survived with minor injuries and bruises. These friends of Sumitabha were all first-year commerce undergraduates, who too were keen to appear for the examination, like him. Police said they'd seized the bus, but the driver and the conductor managed to flee the spot taking advantage of the melee. Bidhannagar city police is investigating the matter. \"Prima facie, all three were wearing helmets. But inspite of wearing it the victim suffered fatal head injuries,\" a senior officer said.The victim's home at Maniktola Motilal colony bore a desolate look after the news of the death reached them around 10 am this morning. A local said, \"He was a very lively youth. Before leaving home barely a couple of hours before he told his mother that he had a few forms to collect - what he didn't specify - from Bikash Bhawan and will return early. The two youths he left with were his close friends and his mother saw nothing wrong in it. Two hours later, she was informed of his death. Twice in four months, it is a blow the family is will find hard to recover from,\" informed a neighbour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17332001", "title": "Action plan ready to improve school education quality", "text": "BHOPAL: District-wise quality improvement action plan has been chalked out in the state to ensure quality in school education. It will be implemented from the next session, an official spokesman said.Fees of the private schools will be fixed jointly by school management committees and parent-teacher associations from the next session. Draft of law for fees fixation of private schools has also been prepared. This information was given at the quarterly review of the school education department at Mantralaya here on Thursday, an official spokesman informed.During the review, chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan directed to make available text-books in all the schools by April-end. Chouhan said Rs 6,000 crore is needed to put teaching infrastructure in place in the state under the Right to Education Act. Appeal will be made to the Union government to make available the funds immediately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17330596", "title": "Mercury dips to 11 C in Jaipur", "text": "JAIPUR: Cold has finally set in the state with a drastic drop in the mercury. Mount Abu in the hilly region, while Churu in the plains remained the coldest in the state and recorded a minimum temperature of 6.4 and 6.5 degrees Celsius, respectively, the Met reports said on Thursday.Jaipurites woke up to the coldest morning of the season so far as city experienced a minimum temperature of 11 degrees Celsius, almost a degree below the normal minimum temperature. Earlier the Met office had said that biting cold would not be witnessed before December 1, however, the officials attributed the drastic dip to the sudden arrival of northerly winds and vanishing of western disturbances.The roads wore an empty look during early morning hours following the icy winds that swept across the city. The street dwellers were seen around a bonfire. The Met office said that the mercury would continue to dip in the city in the next couple of days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17330532", "title": "Panel formed to curb tobacco use", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government has constituted a state-level coordination committee (SLCC) for implementation of Cigarette and Other Tobacco Products Act (COTPA), 2003 in the state. After Bihar, Rajasthan is the first state to constitute such a panel for curbing tobacco use.The decision to constitute the committee was taken after the state government imposed a ban on sale of gutkha, its manufacture and storage earlier this year.The committee has been constituted under additional chief secretary, forests and environment, VS Singh. The principal secretaries of various departments including finance, education, health and other departments are members of the committee.The first meeting of representatives of all the departments would be held on Friday which will deliberate on various issues like making cities like Jaipur smoke-free. Officials of Union government would also take part in the meeting. National Tobacco Control Programme (NTPC) chief medical officer L Swasthi Charan, who will attend the meeting, said: \"For implementation of COTPA, we need to rope in various government departments. There are many stakeholders, the government departments, which should go together in tobacco control. In this regard, Rajasthan has constituted a state level coordination committee. Apart from Rajasthan, Bihar has SLCC.\"Dr Sunil Singh, state coordinator, NTPC, said, \"The aim of forming the committee is to involve all major departments who has direct and indirect role in tobacco control. All department-wise tobacco control issues will be discussed.\"The state government has already started a month-long campaign in Jaipur to make it smoke free.The focus of the meeting would be on how schools, government offices, public places like restaurants, hotels and picnic spots would be made smoke-free. The director general of police would likely to take part in the meeting as police have to play its own role in enforcing the Act in the state.Besides, the discussion would also be on the future of the people who are involved as labour, seller and producing tobacco products.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17333373", "title": "Priyanka shoots in Ramcharan Teja\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s wife\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s hospital", "text": "Remember the big dramatic sequence in Prakash Mehra's Zanjeer where the Big B playing the scowling ireful cop Vijay drags Jaya Bhaduri, the reluctant eyewitness for the villain Teja's crime, into the hospital to show her first-hand the mayhem that he has caused?This week director Apoorva Lakhia shot that sequence with Ramcharan Teja and Priyanka Chopra for the neo- Zanjeer . And the venue of the shooting was Ramcharan's wife Upasana Kamineni's hospital the massive pride of Hyderabad, the Apollo.An eyewitness from the scene of the melee says, \"It was like a rally for big-time politicians, the kind of crowds that Narendra Modi attracts at his election rallies. That's how popular Ramcharan Teja is in Andhra. And when you add Priyanka Chopra to the proceedings you've got a virtual stampede on hand. The minute news spread that Priyanka and Ramcharan were shooting in his wife's hospital, all of Hyderabad swooped down on the place.\"It was Ramacharan Teja's wife Upasana idea to shoot at the Apollo. Says our source, \"The Zanjeer unit earlier planned to shoot the crucial dramatic sequence in another hospital of Hyderabad. Upasana protested, and insisted that they shoot at Apollo. 'How can you shoot in another hospital when you've the best available?' she argued. No one argues with Upasana, most certainly not Ramcharan. So we decided to shoot the sequence at Apollo making sure that the news of the venue didn't go out to the public.\"Within 20 minutes of the shooting, the hospital resembled a political rally. Says the eyewitness, \"The entire city of Hyderabad seemed to be there. You see, you have to understand Upasana's hospital is like a luxury hotel. It's like the Kokilaben hospital in Mumbai. There's no restricted entry into the premises. People walk into the main area as and how they wish. So it became a free-for-all, with the Hyderabadi junta demanding a dekko at Ramcharan and Priyanka.\"Says the eyewitness, \"We were doing that very dramatic scene from the original in a corner of the sprawling hospital. We somehow managed and none of us had to be admitted into the hospital during shooting, ha ha. For this we need to thank Ramcharan's and Priyanka's bouncers who were firm but not rude. If the public felt snubbed, they would have disrupted our shooting.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17328607", "title": "Water crisis looms over western Maharashtra: Centre", "text": "PUNE: About 40 lakh people living in 37 drought-prone tehsils of western Maharashtra are likely to be hit by severe water scarcity in the days to come. Inadequate rainfall in the last two years have dried up many small irrigation projects and the water in dams is not sufficient to last till June next year. Ground water level is down by as high as five meters.These observations were made by a team of the Union government that visited Satara, Sangli, Solapur and Pune districts to assess the scarcity situation. The other districts in Pune region are Ahmednagar and Kolhapur.Two other teams visited Beed and Jalna districts, which are among the worst hit by lack of rain in the Marathwada region. Collectively, the teams visited seven districts in western Maharashtra and Marathwada regions on Wednesday and Thursday.This year the state received less rain not only in monsoon but in the withdrawal phase as well which is a vital source of water for rabi crops.Pune divisional commissioner Prabhakar Deshmukh said, \"Except the Sahyadri ranges, rest of the area has received less than 60% of the average rainfall. The situation will worsen as people have started pumping ground water for drinking. This has resulted in depletion of the water table up to 5 meters in parts of Satara and Sangli districts in just one year. Water level depletion directly results into lower soil moisture and brings down crop yield.\" Deshmukh was with one of the teams that visited Satara district on Thursday.As per the government norms, depletion of ground water table by one meter is considered a serious indicator, he added.Relief measures will require huge funds. So far expenditure on fodder for cattle has been to the tune of Rs 110 crore and another Rs 240 crore will be required for the purpose till June 2013.The Union government team comprised officers from planning, central water resource, drinking water and other departments. They visited Pune, Satara, Sangli, Solapur, Ahmednagar, Beed and Jalna and gathered details of rainfall in the monsoon, sowing of kharif and rabi crops, horticulture crops, estimated yield, facilities for drinking water and irrigation, wells and water storing ponds and situation of industries if any.Abasaheb Haral, state director of extension and education in department of agriculture, said, \"This year the state has received low rainfall. Except Konkan and Vidarbha, rest of the Maharashtra is facing severe water scarcity. Many dams in western and north Maharashtra do have sufficient water which would meet the demand for drinking water of districts down the stream. Beed and Jalna are among the worst hit in the state.\" Haral also accompanied the Union government team that visited Beed district.The team secured detailed information from the respective district collectors. The information will be compiled to prepare a detailed report.Suresh Ambulgekar, state director soil conservation, who was with the team in Jalna district, said, \"The average rainfall of the district is 690 mm but it received just 325 mm this year. There is no possibility of showers in the coming days as the monsoon is over. Most of the cotton crop will not yield much because of lack of irrigation facilities. Farmers will incur heavy losses.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17329084", "title": "Kasab's execution: Pak press calls for arresting 26/11 masterminds", "text": "NEW DELHI: The execution of Ajmal Kasab, the only Lashkar-e-Taiba terrorist to be caught alive out of the 10 trained killers unleashed on Mumbai on November 26, 2008, made headlines in Pakistan with two leading English language dallies demanding that the masterminds of the carnage be brought to justice to root out terrorism in the region.The Express Tribune wrote, \"We must show the world that as a country, we are genuinely-committed to fighting terrorism,\" and called for speedy trial of the 26/11 accused in Pakistan. \"The obvious foot-dragging is damaging. It raises questions about who we are protecting and why. In this regard, at the top of the list of those accused by the Indian government for the Mumbai attacks, is the leader of the Jamaat ud Dawa, Hafiz Muhammad Saeed, a man who is wanted in both India and the US.\"The Dawn said Kasab's execution \"revived the memory of a senseless but well-planned act of mass murder\" and questioned how its planning went unnoticed in Pakistan. It noted that Islamabad has distanced itself from \"the work of a few fanatic killers\". The Dawn editorialised that it \"doesn't serve to hide the shortcomings in the working of Pakistan's anti-terrorism apparatus and its inability to keep tabs on organizations \u00e2\u20ac\u201d not necessarily banned \u00e2\u20ac\u201d which manage to amass enough resources to run clandestine cells that undertake fiendish operations of such magnitude.\"It noted that the Pakistani part of the trial was dragging on and hoped that the case will be pursued with speed for the sake of justice. \"Above all, Pakistanis deserve to know what the government intends to do to ensure that such a tragedy is not repeated. The issue is linked to the hydra-headed monster that terrorism has become for us,\" it said. \"The lesson to be drawn... is that the government must make efforts to ensure that the state and citizens unite to root out what has become the biggest threat to our peace of mind as well as to our own and regional security.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17331954", "title": "BMC gets cracking on dangerous tanks, razes 2", "text": "BHOPAL: Three days after an overhead crashed on slums in Sai Baba Nagar in Arera Colony, resulting in death of seven persons, the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) on Thursday demolished two dilapidated overhead tanks in two slum areas in the city.It started with the demolition of about 30-year-old overhead tank in Sundernagar area of Chandbarh in Old Bhopal. Explosive expert from Indore Sharad Sarwate punched 45 holes to fill explosives in the pillars of the tank that had been standing unused for the past 5 years. Almost 4 kg of explosive was used to raze the building.The tank crumbled to ground leaving a cloud of dust and rubble as Sarwate triggered off an explosion with the help of a remote. The 14 metre tall tank has the capacity of 1 lakh litres.In the morning, the BMC officials reached the spot with police force and cordoned off the area to keep the onlookers away from the spot.Another water tank was demolished near Anand Nagar on the outskirts of Bhopal. The water tank was demolished with the help of 3.5 kg of explosives by making 35-40 holes in four pillars of the tank. The tank was demolished at about 3.30 pm on Thursday afternoon. The height of the tank was 45 feet and constructed over 25 years ago. It was not in use for the past 7-8 years.The corporation, in fact, has identified 16 more such tanks, which have been found dangerous. Eversince the Sai Baba Nagar tragedy, the corporation surveyed 108 overhead tanks. Of them, 37 were found in bad shape. Of 37, the corporation wants to demolish as many as 16, BMC sources said.Based on the report submitted by sub-engineers of the BMC on Wednesday, the corporation had identified 5 overhead water tanks as most dangerous across the city. The corporation decided to demolish this water tank at Anand Nagar which was in a poor condition and not in use for 7 years. Similarly, another overhead tank was demolished at Sunder Nagar at 11 am, which was also dilapidated and marked as dangerous by BMC sub-engineers, said Pramod Shukla, additional commissioner, BMC.The demolition of overhead tank at Jummerati, which was to be demolished on Thursday, has been postponed due to security reasons. \"There are many high-tension lines near tank. First, electricity lines will have to be cleared, the shops are to be vacated and only then the explosion can be carried out. The detonation of the tank is difficult as it is located in densely populated area,\" Sharad Sarwate told TOI.Despite safety measures, around 15 residents, including BMC council chairperson and Congress corporator Kailash Mishra and some media persons were injured during explosion of the water tank at Anand Nagar. A reporter of a daily newspaper sustained injuries on face.\"Glasses in our houses cracked and a few showpieces inside the house were damaged,\" said Sitaram Chouksey, a resident of Anand Nagar.However, BMC officials denied such allegations stating, \"We had intimated the residents to cover their windows with clothes and had given them prior intimation about the demolition of the tank.\"\"With the help of the local police, the corporation officials had asked residents to move away from the campus of the BMC ward office and vacate the place. However, in an excitement to capture the incident on their cameras, many residents and scribes moved close to the tank. This resulted in the injury of many people here,\" said Pramod Shukla, additional commissioner, BMC.Demolition hits trafficThe demolition of the tank was delayed by an hour and a half due to the late arrival of mayor Krishna Gaur. The tank was to be demolished in her presence. The tank was blown up at 3.30pm instead of 2 pm in the afternoon.The delay hit the traffic on the road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17328530", "title": "Varsity reallocates staff to deliver transcripts on time", "text": "PUNE: With several complaints pouring in from students about delay in issuing transcript certificates, the University of Pune (UoP) has appointed two skilled staff members to speed up the process.Receiving 80 applications per day, the students facilitation centre at the UoP already has a backlog of 500 applications. The controller of examinations of UoP has said that the backlog will be cleared on priority basis and within the next few days some more staff members will be added to ensure that the transcripts were issued on time.A transcript is a special certificate that shows the performance of a student for a particular course at a glance.Sampada Joshi, controller of examination, UoP, said, \"We have done an internal reallocation of staff to make quicker and timely delivery transcripts. With the newly allocated staff, we will be able to clear the backlog in a fortnight or so. Along with that, we also have to clear the applications that come daily.\"Joshi further said, \"However, we are optimistic that with the addition in workforce things will become normal soon and we will be able to deliver in the given time period.\" An engineering student, who declined to be named, said that as she wanted to apply to a university in the UK to pursue post graduation, she applied for a copy of her transcript in August. \"It's been four months since I applied for the transcript from the UoP, and I have not received it yet. The last date for submitting the application at the UK university is nearing and I fear, I might miss it,\" she said.Rajeev Pai, a student of law, said, \"I have made at least four rounds to the university to secure my transcript, but I do not see any chance of receiving it any time soon.\" Pai has applied to a university in Scotland to pursue higher studies.\" Some students have been writing to the foreign universities and informing them about the delay in submitting transcripts.Pratik Khedkar, who has applied to a graduate school university in Berlin, said, \"I was very fortunate to receive my transcript without missing my second deadline. I had applied in September for the transcript and I received it on November 21. The university had given me a deadline of November 1 to submit the documents, and I had missed that. So I was given another deadline of November 23. Fortunately, I received the transcript just a couple of days before that and I made it on time.\" Khedkar said that not all universities would be so lenient in accepting documents that come late. \"Most universities publish their advertisement for the courses at least three months in advance so that students can keep all their documents ready. However, if the transcript is not submitted in time, then students may lose an entire year.\"BOXWhat is a transcript?A transcript is a special type of certificate, which shows the performance of the student for that particular course at a glance. Almost all the students who migrate for further studies abroad request for this certificate. The number of students requesting for this certificate is increasing day by day. Approximately 8,000 transcripts are issued a year. Besides transcripts, the student felicitation centre also issues rank certificates to the rank holders for ranking either in whole examination or in particular subject as the case may be. Approximately 400 rank certificates are issued in a year. Fees for a transcript is Rs 125 for each year of professional courses and Rs 95 for each year of non-professional courses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17329162", "title": "TOI campaign: Safer roads, better city, happier commuters", "text": "GURGAON: The Times of India's campaign, 'Win With The Times', received an overwhelming response from commuters at various traffic intersections on Day 2 on Thursday. Gurgaonites, who followed all traffic rules and displayed the copies of TOI won exciting prizes.Office-goers, shoppers and school students were seen in large numbers flagging TOI copies to grab the prizes. Many said they found this unique idea of spreading awareness about traffic rules inspiring. Others considered this an incentive for being a TOI reader. The winners not only need to flash a copy of TOI to win instant prizes, but also have to adhere to traffic rules like fastening seat belts, not using cellphone while driving, not jumping signals and respecting zebra crossings.Gurgaon traffic police have welcomed the TOI initiative and said such campaigns lead to awareness. \"Punishing the offenders is just one way of enforcing traffic laws, encouraging those who follow the rules diligently is equally important,\" said a traffic policeman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17330059", "title": "Hyderabad: Higher education eludes Old City youth", "text": "HYDERABAD: At least 55 per cent of students hailing from Old City study in English medium schools but many are unable to pursue higher education due to financial constraints and lack of encouragement from their families, a survey conducted in five localities revealed.Attributing the lack of education to low employment and abysmal socio-economic conditions, the recent study has revealed how a whopping two-thirds of residents are in the below poverty line (BPL) and rely on ration cards, highlighting the poor state of development in the area. The sample survey which was conducted by a reputed NGO across Kalapather, Sultan Shahi, Shaheen Nagar, Kishan Bagh and Syed Nagar, showed that more than 10 per cent of the 250 people interviewed across the five neighbourhoods couldn't afford to pursue higher education.Around 5 per cent expressed their inability to study due to little or no encouragement from their families while an equal number found academic pursuits unfruitful. Health issues too were cited as reasons. The study highlights how Sultan Shahi scores poorly on education with the largest number of youngsters here being unable to continue their studies citing a variety of reasonsstudying were from Sultan Shahi with over 22 people expressing their inability to study for a variety of reasons.While more than 50 per cent of those who were interviewed said they were employed, the rest lacked skills or had poor education to get jobs. The largest number of respondents were from the informal salaried sector with more than 30 remaining unemployed.Further, a large chunk from across neighbourhoods felt that there were fewer employment opportunities in Old City than in other parts of town with more than 86 per cent of residents of Kishan Bagh voicing the same concern followed by 86 per cent in Shaheen Nagar and around 76 per cent in Kalapather.\"Girls are more computer savvy than boys. The prevailing tense situation over the years has made many families reluctant to send their boys out,\" K Lalitha, a social activist and director of Yugantar, an NGO said.\"There are police restrictions as well. Though intangibles, I have observed that many of the Old City folk have confidence issues,\" she added. The socio-economic conditions of the respondents revealed that around 50 per cent live on a family income of less that Rs 10,000 while more than 75 per cent from areas other than Shaheen Nagar have BPL ration cards. As many as 7 per cent of residents in Shaheen Nagar are without ration cards.Social activists noted there was an information gap between those from Old City and other parts of town with respect to awareness of job opportunities.According to social activist SQ Masood, a large number of Old City dwellers remain in dark about job openings in other parts of the town. \"There are many handicaps because of which people are unaware of job opportunities. Many don't use the internet to check openings. This is seen in people belonging to the lower economic strata,\" he said. Activists also said that what the Sachar Committee report underscored -- a tiny minority from the Muslim community study in Madrasas - was true of Hyderabad in general and Old City in particular.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17331803", "title": "Seat sharing with NCP triggers row in Panchmahal", "text": "VADODARA: Discontent in Congress over seat sharing agreement with Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) led party workers from Shahera taluka to hold protests in Godhra and issue threats of quitting the party. Aspirant for the Congress ticket from Shahera and vice president of Panchmahal district unit Takhatsinh Solanki has threatened to quit the party if the seat was given to NCP.As the word regarding Congress giving 11 seats including Shahera to NCP spread, Solanki along with his supporters reached the party's district office and made representations to the district unit president and Godhra MLA C K Raulji. The president tried to convince Solanki against the move and even raised the issue with the state leadership.Solanki said if nothing worked out till Friday, he may even consider quitting the party along with his supporters. \"The seat sharing arrangement is being done without taking workers into confidence. The party has worked so hard and suddenly someone who has no grassroots support or even workers will be given a ticket,\" he said.Solanki, who has contested Shahera seat in the past against BJP MLA Jetha Bharwad, said the executive committee of Shahera taluka supported him. \"There will be en masse resignations from the party,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17331198", "title": "'Multiplexes killing single screens: Resul Pookutty", "text": "PANAJI: It pains Oscar winning sound designer Resul Pookutty to see the entry of multiplexes killing 'single cinema culture' in interior villages like his in rural Kerala, which nurtured the love of sound in cinema in the acoustic genius.Pookutty, however, said that the medium of cinema is going to see within the next 10 years, the change of the extent it has seen in the last 100 years. He was speaking at the 43rd international film festival of India (Iffi) which is celebrating the completion of 100 years of Indian cinema.The Resul Pookutty Foundation announced that it would hold two seminars at Iffi this year where two geniuses will discuss the future of technology in Indian films.Dr Bedabrata Pain, who served as a scientist at NASA for 15 years and has 87 patents to his name but quit his job for the love of cinema, will discuss the digitalization wave across the world with creation of CMOS technology. Wilfried Van Baelen, who is the brain behind the 3D sound technology, will also head a seminar at Iffi next week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17329138", "title": "500 kg beef recovered from vehicle", "text": "GURGAON: Sohna police recovered 500kg of beef from a vehicle on Nuh road late on Wednesday. Police have lodged an FIR against two persons who were in the vehicle but managed to flee. The two were taking the beef to deliver it somewhere in Delhi.According to police, a crime branch team headed by sub-inspector Sunil Kumar, acting on a tip-off about a huge quantity of beef about to be taken to Delhi on Wednesday night, barricaded Sohna-Nuh road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17331216", "title": "Banur accountant \u00e2\u20ac\u02dckidnapped, thrashed to death\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Two commission agents reportedly kidnapped and thrashed a 50-year-old accountant to death in Banur, Rajpura, and drove his body to Sector 26 on Wednesday night. His body was found in a car on Thursday morning. Dhanpat, the accountant who was a native of Hamirpur district in Himachal Pradesh, had been working with ''Kanhaya Lal and Madho Ram'' firm since 10 years. The firm is owned by two brothers, Ankit Mittal and Aseem Mittal, the accused who are on the run.Though Chandigarh police have booked the brothers under murder charges, the investigation of the case has been transferred to Punjab police, as the victim was abducted and thrashed in Banur, which comes under Patiala district.Besides the firm, the brothers have two outlets \u00e2\u20ac\u201d one in Sector 26 and another in Banur. Sources in police said, \"Dhanpat was kidnapped on Wednesday morning. The two beat him up mercilessly as they drove him to the city. And after reaching Sector 26, Ankit called in Dhanpat's relative, Rajinder Sharma, and told him that the accountant was injured in a road accident. When Rajinder found that he was killed, Ankit offered him a handsome sum to hush up the matter.\"DSP (east) Vijay Kumar said, \"The two agents killed Dhanpat as he had committed a fraud while managing their accounts. A dispute over money triggered the crime. It was found during probe that the two had brutally beaten up Dhanpat at their Banur shop too. The Banur police had also received information about his kidnapping on Wednesday afternoon. After the brothers brought his body here, they abandoned their car at the shop and fled.\"Dhanpat's brother, Roshan Lal, said, \"One of the brothers had called in to say that they along with Dhanpat were coming to Chandigarh. Later, I again got a call to inform me that Dhanpat had met with a road accident near Zirakpur.\"Dhanpat is survived by a wife and three children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17331182", "title": "Filmmakers morons for ignoring 26/11: Jahnu Barua", "text": "PANAJI: Nine-time national ward winning filmmaker Jahnu Barua is forced to wonder if Indian filmmakers are 'morons'.\"When the 26/11 attack took place in Mumbai, I was sure it would be the subject of a film. I waited for two long years to see which filmmaker would pick it up. But not a single film has been made on the saddening attack and I thought to myself, are Indian filmmakers morons? Are we all morons? Because when I think of filmmakers, I think of them collectively,\" he said.\"I finally decided to make Baandhon, after writing a story about the saddening attack,\" Barua said. Baandhon deals with the impact the attack has on an unsuspecting and innocent elderly couple who know nothing about the world other than the upbringing of their grandson.It took Barua a very long time to convince the Assam government to fund the project which was made within a tight budget of 50 lakh.\"When we wanted to film a scene at the VT station, we were asked to keep a 5 crore security. We could not afford it. So we planned the scene in advance, rehearsed it and filmed it secretly at the station without authorities' knowledge. In the end it was done to serve a good purpose,\" he said.Lead actor Jerifa Wahid said that they worked round-the-clock to fit the film within its budget. \"Baandhon speaks directly of the Mumbai attacks but also indirectly of similar issues in Assam and surrounding regions,\" Barua said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17332010", "title": "ADGP 'shielding' fraud accused", "text": "BHOPAL: A city-based businessman has made a charge against a senior IPS officer alleging that the latter is using his clout to interfere in a police case. The complainant, Zakir Ali, has given a complaint to DGP Nandan Dubey about the officer's role.The officer, who is of Additional Director General of Police (ADGP) rank, is posted in the Police Headquarters.Zakir Ali says that he had been duped of by two stockbrokers, who took Rs 50 lakh from him, but didn't invest it and instead pocketed it. He registered a case with the Piplani police station. He claims that ADGP is using his position to stop investigation in the case. The complainant has written to DGP Nandan Dubey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17331011", "title": "Govt has been lax in giving '26/11 hero' his dues", "text": "The government says the former NSG commando and Arvind Kejriwal have got their facts mixed up. However, even if we accept the NSG's version of what has happened, there clearly has been, at the very least, some laxity in giving Surinder Singh all the money that was to come to him. If you believe the worst, there has been complete indifference to the plight of someone who incurred a disability fighting terrorists during the 26/11 attack on Mumbai. Either way, there appears to be little appreciation for the bravery Singh and his colleagues showed. Is this how we should be treating those who risk life and limb in protecting us?Related story:  Ex-NSG commando claims non-payment of 26/11 dues", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "guwahati/kokrajhar", "code": "17333102", "title": "Assam Congress urges Bodo leaders not to make provocative comments", "text": "GUWAHATI/KOKRAJHAR: The Assam Pradesh Congress Committee (APCC) has urged the Bodoland People's Front (BPF) leaders to refrain themselves from making provocative statements over the issue of illegal immigrants in Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC) areas.Talking to the media here on Thursday, chairman of the PCC media cell, Haren Das, urged BTC chief Hagrama Mohilary to cooperate with the government in identifying illegal immigrants who have been settled inside the BTC in spite of firing salvo at Congress leaders of the stature of Digvijay Singh.On Tuesday, during his visit to Assam, AICC general secretary Digvijay Singh asked BPF leaders to hand over a detailed list of illegal immigrants who have settled in BTC areas. The next day, Mohilary slammed the Congress leader saying that he is neither an MP nor MLA. \"I will not work and follow the directives of Digvijay Singh as he has been trying to bring back people of all suspected nationalities,\" said Mohilary.He added that Singh has no knowledge about the ground realities of influx in BTC. \"If a responsible person of the UPA government officially instructs him to submit the details of illegal immigrants from Bangladesh in BTC, I will do the same for taking effective measures to detect and deport illegal settlers, but not at the directive of Singh,\" said the BTC chief.Haren Das was, however, critical about the BTC chief's remarks. He said, \"Such remarks do not suit Mohilary who is heading a constitutionally recognized body.\" He added, \"The Congress wants to maintain cordial relations with the BPF and we are in no mood to snap ties with the BPF. Digvijay Singh suggested the BPF to take a lead role in preparing a list of illegal immigrants who are residing in the BTC areas. He only sought help from the BPF in solving the problems that have been created by illegal immigrants in the BTC areas,\" said Das.The Congress-BPF alliance is ruling the state since 2006.Das said in a civilized society, even illegal immigrants can't be tortured and the policy of detection, deletion and deportation should be followed in accordance with the law of land. \"No genuine Indian citizen in the BTC areas should be harassed in the name of flushing out illegal immigrants,\" added Das. He said illegal arms have changed the history of Assam since the beginning of the 80s and all arms should be seized from BTC areas.Das added that the Congress high command has communicated with APCC president Bhubaneswar Kalita, asking the latter to take disciplinary action against the state Congress leaders who are trying to start internal rift inside the Congress by making derogatory statements against fellow Congressmen in public.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17331808", "title": "Vadodara players shine in U-14 tennis tourney", "text": "VADODARA: The Vadodara District Sports Office recently organized state-level Under-14 boys and girls lawn tennis tournament and selection matches. The boys' team including Kunj Kotak, Ayush Garg, Dev Javia and Sanskar Chaubey from Vadodara won in the Under-14 category. The Ahmedabad team finished as runners up in the tournament.The Baroda girls' team consisting of Zeel Gandhi, Shraddha Udhawani, Avani Prapanna, Varija Shah and Nirva Patel, too, won the tournament in the U-14 category. The runner-up team in this category was from Gandhinagar.The tournament was held with assistance of Bal Bhavan tennis coach Darshan Mehta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "17329114", "title": "Pak Taliban threatens Indians 'anywhere' to avenge Kasab's execution", "text": "ISLAMABAD: The Pakistani Taliban on Thursday pledged to attack Indian targets \"anywhere\" to avenge the execution of Ajmal Kasab , the lone survivor of the terrorist squad responsible for the November 2008 Mumbai attacks, and demanded that Kasab's body be returned to Pakistan for an \"Islamic burial\".Tehreek-i-Taliban Pakistan spokesman Ehsanullah Ehsan said the TTP will conduct various attacks in India and anywhere to avenge the hanging of Kasab, without elaborating any further. The TTP, closely linked to al Qaeda, operates from Pakistan's ungoverned tribal belt along the country's border with Afghanistan .\"TTP demands that Kasab's body be returned to Pakistan for an Islamic burial,\" Ehsan said. \"If they don't return his body to us or his family, we will capture Indians and not return their bodies,\" he warned. The Taliban will try to strike Indian targets anywhere, he added.He also criticized the Pakistan government for failing to ask India to return Kasab's body after Indian authorities said Wednesday that Kasab was buried in the surrounding area of the jail in Pune where he was hanged. Indian authorities did not specify what burial rites were performed.After Delhi requested for extra protection for its diplomats in Pakistan following the execution, Pakistan tightened security at the Indian embassy in Islamabad. Indian deputy high commissioner Gopal Baglay met his counterpart in the Pakistan foreign office Zohra Akbari, DG, South Asia, a day before Kasab's hanging, and handed a 'note verbale' requesting extra security cover.Diplomatic sources in Islamabad confirmed that security measures at the Indian High Commission, which are already very extensive, were further tightened.Pakistan foreign secretary Jalil Abbas Jillani told reporters, \"I am not aware of the threats that you are referring to, but as far as we are concerned, our position on the issue of terrorism has been consistent - we have condemned terrorism in Pakistan or in any part of the world as something that is unacceptable.\"\"As far as the question of security is concerned, the government of Pakistan is doing everything despite all the challenges to provide security not only to our own people but also members of the diplomatic community,\" he added, on the eve of a summit of developing countries being hosted in Islamabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17329718", "title": "China in bid to check Chennai Open", "text": "CHENNAI: Come 2014, and Chennai Open may become history.With the Tamil Nadu Tennis Association's (TNTA) contract with International Management Group (IMG), the promoters of the event, ending with the 2013 edition, there's a possibility that the annual carnival may move out of the country.According to sources, IMG had got offers from Turkey and China, and the TNTA was trying its best to hold it back. IMG-TNTA ties go a long way back, and with the event stepping into its 18th edition in 2013, it's the goodwill card that the local association is trying to play in its desperate bid to ensure that the marquee event stays in Chennai.For the IMG deal to come through, TNTA will have to pledge to host the tournament for the next five years. \"We are in talks with IMG so that Chennai doesn't lose out on this premier event. For this, we need to promise to host the event from 2014-2018,\" said TNTA president M A Alagappan on Thursday.IMG, on its part, played it safe when quizzed about the chances of the contract renewal. \"Negotiations are on, so it would be premature to make any comment,\" Ashu Jindal, chief operating officer of IMG, said.Chennai Open is India's only ATP event, and it has seen stars like Boris Becker, Patrick Rafter, Carlos Moya and Rafael Nadal taking part. Leander Paes and Mahesh Bhupathi won their first doubles title in Chennai as well and in recent times, Somdev Devvarman became a household name after making the final of the event in 2009.But with events like Brisbane International, Hopman Cup and the Doha Open happening in the same week, some top players choose to use those tournaments as preparation for Australian Open, which takes place in the last week of January. Last year's champion Milos Raonic, for example, will be playing in Brisbane instead of defending his title in Chennai in 2013.With the diminishing star value, sponsorship is becoming a problem for the state tennis association. Aircel, the title sponsor for the last three years, hasn't renewed its contract for the 2014 edition TNTA, though, is not losing hope. \"While we heavily bank on Aircel, we also need additional sponsors to come in,\" said Alagappan", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17330550", "title": "Create opportunity, help develop nation: APJ Abdul Kalam", "text": "LUCKNOW: Former President APJ Abdul Kalam addressed students at the 'Entrepreneurship Summit-2012' launched by the Indian Institute of Management (IIML) Lucknow. Through his experiences, Kalam talked about how entrepreneurship plays an important role in nation building. He also inspired students to be leaders and to help in development of the nation by creating opportunities.Annual entrepreneurship summit at IIM is scheduled from November 23 to 25. The theme of summit 2012 is 'India: Business and Beyond' with special emphasis on indigenous entrepreneurship. The summit will throw light on how start ups in India are growing at a fast pace and will talk about global nature of entrepreneurial pursuits. The summit will witness events such as 'Samriddhi', the general business plan contest; 'Srijan', the technology business plan contest and Margdarshan, an interaction of students with entrepreneurs.India MSME Conclave, an initiative taken by the Entrepreneurship Cell of IIML in collaboration with Indian Industries Association (IIA) is to focus on issues faced by MSMEs. Unique to IIML, the conclave caters to people from SME segment, founders, CEOs and MDs. The theme of SME Conclave this year is 'Running Family Businesses and Scaling Them Up'.IIML's E-Summit is organised to facilitate interaction between successful alumni entrepreneurs and students. Margdarshan, as the name suggests, is a platform to allow students to gain insights from IIML alumni about their successful entrepreneurial stories. This year, Margdarshan is featuring Kashyap Dalal, co-founder of inkfruit.com; Hemen Ruparel, CEO of Samex Agency; Manav Kamboj, Founder of LestGoMo and Gaurav Ahuja, Founder, Red Ginger Hospitality India Ltd.E-Summit 2012 will also see events like model parliament, MobiApp innovation, 'bizness', 'next big industry' and 'quizzard' to give students hands-on experience of an entrepreneurial environment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17330359", "title": "Diwali burglary: Valuables worth Rs 2.79 lakh missing", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A factory owner's bungalow was burgled during Diwali in Ambawadi. Valuables worth Rs 2.79 lakh were stolen in the incident. The theft came to light only four days later when the family returned from an outstation tour.According to Gujarat University police officials, Sunir Shah, a resident of CG Row House on Polytechnic Road, Ambawadi, had been to Udaipur in Rajasthan with his family members on November 15. They came back on November 18.\"The thieves got in through the terrace. When the family returned on Wednesday and checked cupboards of the third floor, They found that gold, diamond and pearl jewellery along with Rs 35,000 cash and watches had been stolen from them,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17330142", "title": "Lajpat Nagar blast case: Trial court too rapped cops for probe lapses", "text": "NEW DELHI: What the trial court believed to be \"the basis of conviction\" of the accused in the 1996 Lajpat Nagar blast case, the Delhi high court described as just a confessional statement of convict Javed Ahmed Khan, \"not sufficient\" to uphold the guilt of two of the convicts.In April 2010, while convicting two accused \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Mohammad Ali Bhatt and Mirza Nissar Hussain \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the trial court had relied heavily on the confessional statement of convict Javed Ahmed Khan which was ''voluntarily'' recorded before the additional chief judicial magistrate of Jaipur on July 19, 1996. In that statement, Khan had admitted his and others' role in carrying out the blast. The court had then reasoned, \"It may also form the basis of conviction whereof the court may only have to satisfy itself in regard to voluntariness and truthfulness and in given cases some corroboration... a confession which is not retracted even at a later stage of the trial and is even accepted by the accused in the examination under section 313 of CrPC can be fully relied upon.\" The court had also given them death penalty for their offence.On Thursday, HC, however, acquitted the two of all the charges. Contrary to the opinion of the trial court, HC said Khan's confessional statement and other circumstantial evidence against the two convicts was \"wholly inadequate for returning a finding of guilt\".\"No doubt, the proof of Hussain's travel from Kathmandu to Delhi on May 10, 1996, is an adverse factor. However, neither Khan's knowledge, nor the proof of other circumstances, as against the latter, including his confession, are sufficient to convict him for any offence he was charged with, including conspiracy under Section 120-B. As regards Bhatt, the previous discussion would reveal that save his arrest - a neutral circumstance ipso facto - no other circumstance linking with the crime has been proved,\" HC said.Even as the trial court had found the evidence sufficient to convict the accused, it too, like HC, had rued the manner in which police had conducted its probe in the case. The failure of the cops to arrest six other accused, including Dawood Ibrahim and Tiger Memon, found mention in the trial court judgment. ''No efforts were made during the past 14 years to apprehend the co-accused who were later declared proclaimed offenders,'' it said.The trial court had not only described the police probe as ''highly defective'' but also gave detailed notes on lapses in investigation. For the investigating team, it was major blow when the sessions court had expressed its displeasure saying ''no worthwhile evidence was collected by the police against the accused''.The court had also noted the prosecution had faced a setback due to ''non-cooperation'' by the investigating agency. ''During the final arguments, the special public prosecutor expressed his inability to address arguments in detail due to non-cooperation from the investigating officer,'' the sessions judge had said. Pointing out lapses in the probe, the court had blamed cops for neither taking the accused for TIP, nor recording their statement before the magistrate. This, the court said, greatly weakened the case against the accused.Conduct of the then ACP, P P Singh, who was in charge of the probe, also came under scrutiny after the court said he ''did not bother to appear as a witness before the court''. It noted that ''only when an application was moved by the prosecution during the final arguments, he opted to appear as a prosecution witness\".Times ViewThe fact that so many of those accused of terror have been subsequently let off by the courts raises serious questions about the quality of investigations by our police forces. Such a high rate of acquittals can mean only one of two things - either many innocents are wrongly being accused by police of these grave crimes or those who are guilty are being allowed to get away because police are unable to establish their guilt. Either way, it is a matter of serious concern. It could be argued that the conviction rate for other crimes too is not too good, but that is hardly a consolation. Ideally, all investigations should be better conducted, but at the very least we should ensure that terror cases are dealt with more competently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17329568", "title": "Girl jumps off 4th floor", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 13-year-old girl studying in Class VIII at a government school in northwest Delhi jumped off the fourth floor of her house on Wednesday afternoon. She has been critically injured and is in hospital.Cops said they had received a call about a suicide from the Samaipur Badli area on Wednesday evening. On Thursday, they received another call from the family alleging that the girl was beaten up by her class teacher. Later, the family alleged she was accused of theft and made to take off her clothes during frisking.\"Her father said a woman, from the same building, told them the girl was weeping when she returned from school and said the teacher had beaten her up. But the woman has denied it,\" said an officer. The teacher has also denied the allegation, saying parents of another student told her that they had found letters and chocolate in her bag. A student allegedly took the victim's name.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17328952", "title": "For Kanikonna, it's a dry summer", "text": "KOCHI: It's a strange sight. The golden shower (kanikonna) and mango trees have bloomed unusually earlier this year.Kanikonna trees on roadsides have bloomed in November, indicating a change in temperature patterns.\"This plant grows well in dry climate and when the soil is dry, an indication that the ground water is falling. Normally, this blooms in April when the state goes through a dry spell and the groundwater levels start going down. It is drought-tolerant,\" says Jacob Varghese, assistant professor, botany, Sacred Heart College, Thevara.He said this is mostly seen on roadsides or in city limits where automobile emissions are high and ethylene emission from vehicles trigger falling of leaves.The ripening of leaves is often followed by profuse flowering, he said.Weather watchers point out that these are indicators of temperature change. \"The rainfall pattern is slowly changing. Both the monsoon onset and retreat have been disappointing. This obviously had an effect on the temperature,\" said C K Rajan, scientist and head, chair for climate change, SCMS. \"We should be thinking of adaptation methods as these changes will get more frequent with seasonal variations,\" he said.Though mango trees have flowered, they have not borne any fruit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "vienna", "code": "17332201", "title": "119 journalists killed in 2012: Report", "text": "VIENNA: A total of 119 journalists have been killed while on assignment so far this year, the Vienna- based International Press Institute (IPI) said.This is the highest toll since 1997 when the IPI started keeping track. In Syria alone, 36 journalists were killed this year, Xinhua reported.The press watchdog said it had observed an \"alarming trend\" of journalists increasingly being targeted, often in order to \"prevent information disclosure\".After Syria, Somalia is also dangerous for journalists, the IPI said, with 16 deaths in 2012, followed by Mexico, Pakistan, and the Philippines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17330993", "title": "New markets prop up leather exports", "text": "CHENNAI: While leather exports from India have fallen marginally by 3.4%, exports to China, India's greatest competitor, have gone up, helping the industry offset losses faced due to the slackening demand from its largest market Europe . According to data from the Director General of Commercial Intelligence and Statistics (DGCIS) of the Ministry of Commerce , the export of leather and leather products fell to $2.44 billion compared with $2.54 billion last year. Exports to China went up 27% over last year.\"The fall is because the industry saw record profits last year,\" said chairman of the Council for Leather Exports, Rafeeque Ahmed. \"While sales have been hit because of the overall slowdown in Europe, the decline is seen because exports this year haven't matched that of last year,\" he said. The Indian leather industry last year saw its highest-ever exports of $4.9 billion , a 23% growth over the previous year.During the first half of this year, exports to major markets such as Germany, Italy, France, Spain, Netherlands went down. According to the DGCIS, the decline is seen in export of leather footwear, footwear components, leather garments and saddlery and harness due to rupee depreciation . Over the next two quarters, exports are expected to increase since companies would see demand for spring-summer 2013 collections , Ahmed said. The industry is targeting roughly $ 6.1 billion of exports by the end of the year.Also, of late, with the slowdown in the European markets, the Indian leather industry is increasingly focusing on newer markets like China, Japan, South Africa and Australia. With the economic slowdown in Europe, and China's leather industry facing issues with rising production costs and labour shortage, India has seen an increase in demand from China and other new markets like Japan, Australia and Saudi Arabia. Exports to Japan, for instance , went up 36% and to Saudi Arabia went up 22% during April-September 2012 compared with last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17330372", "title": "Sohrabuddin Sheikh fake encounter case: Accused sent to Mumbai", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Nine accused cops of the Sohrabuddin Sheikh fake encounter case finally left for Mumbai on Thursday morning. On Friday, the accused will be produced in the CBI court in Mumbai. On September 27, the Supreme Court had shifted the trial to Mumbai following a CBI plea to this effect. The accused cops in this case will be lodged at Taloja Central Jail, Navi Mumbai.The first summons issued by the Mumbai court could not be honoured. On November 8, when the accused were to leave for Mumbai for the hearing scheduled for the next day, the Sabarmati Central Jail authorities cancelled the trip citing \"administrative reasons\". The reason was nothing short of mysterious - though the police escort party had been allocated at 11am, the posse mysteriously reached the jail campus only at 4.30 pm. Despite the fact that the Sabarmati jail campus is situated just 2 km from the police headquarters in Shahibaug. Later in the evening, jail authorities stated that they could not complete the formalities necessary for releasing the accused resulting in the delay.On Thursday, however, the city police were extra careful. At 7am, the police escort party consisting of one DCP, one ACP, four police inspectors, six sub-inspectors, 20 chetak commandos and 20 armed policemen reached the jail campus. At 10 am, custody of the nine accused - including three suspended IPS officers D G Vanzara, Rajkumar Pandian and Dinesh M N - was handed over to the police team. Vanzara and Pandian were allotted two separate police vehicles - SUVs - along with armed policemen for security. The rest of the six suspects were taken in a prison van. Family members of Vanzara and another accused DSP M L Parmar were spotted waiting outside the jail campus. At 10.10 am the convoy left.At 3 pm, the convoy stopped at an SRP camp in Vav near Surat for lunch. \"The convoy did not stop on the highway for security reasons. On crossing the state's border, Maharashtra police provided security cover to the convoy,\" said a police official.Chudasama, Amin stay backThe escort party was also given medical certificates for two accused - another suspended IPS officer Abhay Chudasma and DSP Narendra Amin. Both the accused will not appear for the hearing on Friday. \"As per medical certificates, the duo is not in a position to take the long road trip. Chudasama had undergone his second hip-replacement surgery in 2010, while Amin is said to be suffering from multiple medical ailments and is now admitted in the Civil Hospital,\" said a senior city police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17330081", "title": "Godman of an ashram at Vantadapalli arrested", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Paderu police registered a case against Swamy Kirthi Dayanidhi of an ashram at Vantadapalli here on Thursday for criminal conspiracy and cheating. However, the police did not arrest him till late on Thursday night.Sources said, two persons complained to the home minister Sabita Indra Reddy against Dayanidhi Swamy. Police say that they had also received complaints of sexual harassment against the him,. Swamy Dayanidhi, a native of Marripalem in Vizag, was given shelter by a tribal family here a few years ago. Later, they donated their house to him to help establish an ashram. Later when the number of devotees increased, he acquired a piece of land at Vantadapalli and constructed an Ashram there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17330427", "title": "BSP seeks President\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s rule", "text": "LUCKNOW: Ahead of the winter session of the Uttar Pradesh legislative assembly starting on Friday, Bahujan Samaj Party leader Swami Prasad Maurya said that they would go all out to corner the state government for its failure on various public issues.In a public statement, senior BSP leader Swami Prasad Maurya, also the leader of opposition, said that the winter session is nothing more than a formality. \"Majority of time would be spent on government business. However, this doesn't deter us from raising public issues and cornering the government for its ineptitude,\" Maurya said.Meanwhile, BSP chief Mayawati, in a statement issued in Delhi, accused the Samajwadi government of transforming UP into 'Crime Pradesh'. Mayawati also demanded the imposition of President's Rule in the state, apart from raising the pitch for quota in promotions. To launch a similar attack against the state government, BSP's state leadership also convened a meeting of the members of legislative assembly at the party office.According to reports, more than 70 out of 80 MLAs attended the meeting and were briefed by senior leaders like Naseemuddin Siddiqui and Swami Prasad Maurya on the issues to be taken up. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17332768", "title": "CII plans skill training institute in Keonjhar", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Confederation of Indian Industries (CII), Odisha chapter, has planned to set up a skill development institute for the mining sector in Keonjhar soon. It will be a joint venture with an Australia-based company, Skill Tech. \"The project is in its nascent stage and talks are on. As per the proposed plan, as many 2,500 persons from Odisha and other eastern states like Jharkhand and Chhattisgarh will be given skill development training in the first phase,\" said Suparna Nanda, head CII, Odisha. CII has set up a skill development institute at Balasore, she said on the eve of 17th Enterprise Odisha 2012- the flagship event of CII to be inaugurated on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17332791", "title": "FDI in retail: PM's dinner fails to achieve breakthrough, BJP to continue to seek vote", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's dinner invite to senior leaders of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) on Thursday to attempt to end the political logjam in Parliament, appears to have not cut much ice with the main opposition, as it has resolved to continue to corner his government on the decision to allow foreign direct investment in the country's retail sector.Manmohan Singh had hosted a dinner for L K Advani, Sushma Swaraj and Arun Jaitley , the three top BJP leaders, on Thursday night at his 7 Race Course Road residence in an effort to ensure that the winter session of Parliament is not lost to the standoff between the government and the opposition over the issue of FDI in multi-brand retail.Television reports said there was no breakthrough.At the dinner, the BJP was reportedly adamant that the only way it will allow Parliament to function without disruption is if the government agrees to discuss its major policy decision to allow 51 percent FDI in multi-brand retail under Rule 184, which entails a vote.The government was equally adamant that it was an executive decision that does not need Parliament's approval. It is ready to discuss the issue, but it does not want a vote.To that, the BJP reminded the government that it had promised last December, in both Houses, that all stakeholders, including political parties, would be consulted before a decision was taken on the FDI issue.Interacting with media here late last evening, BJP spokesperson Syed Shahnawaz Hussain , said the opposition would firmly demand a debate on the matter of reforms in economy like foreign direct investment (FDI) in domestic retail sector, insurance and public provident fund.\"This government has no right to continue to be in power, the BJP has been maintaining that. But we can't allow any privilege to the government through our actions; we will try to corner it by the issues, which are most effective. So we thought that the best way to achieve this was to get voting done on (rule no.) 184, and would stand firm on this demand,\" said Hussain.Earlier in the day, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh avoided a no confidence vote, which could have led to an announcement of mid-term general elections before 2014.Opposition leaders pushed for the vote in parliament, but the proposal was rejected.Although for the moment, there is no threat of the government falling, an obstructive opposition and unreliable allies could mean there is little progress on reforms like FDI being opened up for multi-brand retail sector, insurance and pension businesses in the parliament's month-long winter session.On this score, Hussain questioned as to why the federal government was hesitating debate on FDI.\"The country should be aware of the fact that the stubborn and arrogant attitude of the Congress party is stopping the parliament from functioning. Why is the government hesitating in obliging for a debate on FDI under (rule no.) 184 when political parties want the same? Last time as well, the government consumed an entire session by acting rigid and then later agreed upon it later on. So if the BJP wants a debate under (rule no.) 184 why is this problematic for the government to accept if they have the numbers for support? This is the question before the government,\" added Hussain.The reform does not require parliamentary approval.But left and right wing opposition parties, with an eye to upcoming state and national elections, want to use the session to hold the government to account on the policy, which they say does not have popular support.The Communist Party of India-Marxist (CPM), which is the strong arm of the Left Front, is pushing hard for a symbolic vote against the measure.If the government loses the vote, it would be an embarrassing setback for a policy on which it has staked so much political capital, said federal lawmaker and politburo member of CPM, Sitaram Yechury.It could also sap its political will to pursue more difficult reforms to cut high spending and reduce a ballooning budget deficit.As for the FDI, the CPM slammed the Congress party-led federal government of going back on its word for a debate on the floor of the house.\"That assurance (from government) has been clearly violated and therefore in our opinion another round of discussion without voting is meaningless, because the government is not honouring its own assurances, apart from being a matter of breach of privilege,\" said Yechury.Most of the initiatives Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has announced to date have required only an executive order, so this session of parliament poses the biggest test yet of his reform drive. If he fails to get key allies and the BJP on board, his reformist legislative agenda could stall.Among the reform bills due to be introduced are measures to allow up to 49 percent foreign investment in local insurance companies and domestic pension funds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17334003", "title": "Delhi Police commissioner withdraws plea from CAT", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after senior IPS officer Ranjit Sinha was appointed as the next CBI director, Delhi Police commissioner Neeraj Kumar today withdrew his plea from CAT against the government's decision to not consider his name for the top post in the probe agency.A bench of Central Administrative Tribunal (CAT) comprising chairman Syed Rafat Alam and member R C Panda allowed Kumar's counsel to withdraw the application, observing that with the appointment of Sinha, a 1974-batch IPS officer and current Indo-Tibetan Border Police (ITBP) DG, the plea has become in fructuous.\"Application dismissed as withdraw,\" the bench said. Kumar had moved the tribunal aggrieved over non-inclusion of his name among the three officers shortlisted by the Central Vigilance Commission (CVC) for being considered for the post of the next CBI director.Kumar, a 1976 batch IPS officer, in his application had questioned the procedure for picking the three officers and excluding his name for the top post in country's premier investigating agency.The CVC-headed selection committee had cleared a panel of three senior IPS officers--Sinha, DG of National Investigation Agency S C Sinha (1975-batch IPS officer of Haryana cadre) and former Uttar Pradesh DG Atul (1976-batch IPS officer of UP cadre).An official order had yesterday said Sinha has been appointed as CBI director for a \"period of two years from the date of assumption of office\". He will take over from the present CBI director A P Singh who is retiring on November 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "ujjain", "code": "17332381", "title": "Police deployed in Tajpur town after tension over vandalism", "text": "UJJAIN: Additional police force was deployed in Tajpur town of the district on Thursday morning after tension over vandalism last night. According to police sources, Mohurram procession was passing through the streets when some anti-socials snatched electric decoration put on some buildings.When the news of the incident reached, Hindu brigade activists came out this morning and got the shops closed demanding immediate arrest of the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17332285", "title": "Krishnapura Chhatris cry for upkeep", "text": "INDORE: In historical significance, dozen-odd Chhatris are no less important than the famous Rajwada. Call it sheer indifference, or a case of neglect, Krishnapura Chhatris do not appear to be treated like what must have been the case in the Holkar era.The 200-year-old Chhatri, which was used for funeral of the royals of Indore in the past, seems to be facing a crisis today. When one enters the Krishnapura Chhatri after saving oneself from the haphazardly-parked vehicles and garbage outside it, intolerable stench from the Khan River assails visitors' nose. \"I am here with a relative of mine, who has come from Maharashtra. I wanted to show him the city, but after arriving here, I am feeling embarrassed to see the condition of the place,\" said Sanjay Tayde, who was at the Chhatri with his relative and looked disappointed. \"There is no one to guide through the place or tell us about its significance. There are not even the basic facilities for the convenience of tourists. Facility as elementary as drinking water is not available here,\" he said.Look around the place, one can see two security guards, who won't like to tell you their identity and are of no help. \"We have been appointed here recently and we don't know anything about the place,\" said a security guard and resumed reading a newspaper. People can be spotted sleeping on benches visitors are supposed to sit on. Guards here would not even bother to shoo stray dogs and keep drunken people off the premises. As if this is not enough, food leftovers paper and plastic wrappers litter the place.A retired professional, Vinod Bhardwaj, said \"I have been coming here every day to relax and read for quite some time now. But it really saddens me to see the condition of the place. Animals can be seen on the premises. The filth and stench here make it difficult to sit for long.\" The place is not just poorly maintained, there is also confusion over the ownership of the Chhatri. \"There is a tussle for almost a decade between authorities over which agency is responsible for the Krishnapura Chhatri's upkeep. There are the archaeological department, the IDA, the Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC), all adding to confusion, explaining the sorry condition,\" said Himanshu Dudwadkar, conservation architect.ASI deputy director S N Raj did sound concerned when he talked to TOI about the monument. \"We take care of the Krishnabai Holkar Chhatri there, the other chhatris you see there are under the IMC. But we would be doing our best to keep the place maintained and cleaner.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17330916", "title": "Corporation launches drive against property tax defaulters", "text": "COIMBATORE: The city municipal corporation has started taking stringent action against property tax defaulters in its attempt to ensure maximum property tax collection from residents. The civic body has set a target of achieving 91 percent tax collection rate from its 100 wards. It has already initiated action against major property tax defaulters including severing water supply connections to ensure pending payments are made without further delay.\"We are continuing our drive to ensure maximum tax collection within corporation limits,\" said TK Ponnusamy, commissioner, Coimbatore municipal corporation.According to corporation officials, one factor which helped the civic body was the high tax collection rate of 89 percent during the previous financial year, the highest in the state. As per corporation records, the total tax assessment to be collected from residents is Rs 102 crore and the civic body has so far collected around Rs 43 crore. Efforts are on to collect the remaining Rs 58 crore before March 31, 2013.The city corporation as part of its drive against property tax defaulters severed water supply to a hotel on State Bank Road near Railway Station for not clearing outstanding property tax dues. Officials claimed that at the moment the main priority was to ensure property tax is levied to the corporation without further delay.As per the latest corporation figures, the 20 municipal wards in the west zone tops the tax collection chart with 50 percent collection so far. The civic body officials have so far managed 45 percent tax collection in the north zone while 44 percent collection has been ensured from the central zone. East zone of the corporation which includes Singanallur, Ondipudur and nearby localities have registered 34 percent collection while the South zone including wards Kuniamuthur and Ukkadam have so far recorded 30 percent collection claimed corporation officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17333573", "title": "Geetha back to Kannada films", "text": "Well known actress Geetha who acted as leading lady in many films with legendary artists like Dr. Raj Kumar, Dr. Vishnuvardhan, Anant Nag and Ambareesh is now back in Kannada films. The actress who had acted in films of all the four Southern langauges landed in Bengaluru from New Jersey to act in a Kannada films. She will be working in another Telugu film too during her stay in India for a month.Happily married to a chartered accountant husband Vasan with son, Geetha has undertaken multitasking assignments in USA. Geetha is returning to the Kannada film industry to act in a film titled 'Meenakshi' directed by Sridhar Hegde. The film has Raghu Mukherjee and Shubha Poonja in the lead roles. Geetha is playing a judge's role in the film.\"At this stage of my career what is required is some good roles. I am not overwhelmed by the length of my role, but the quality of the role I am playing in. If the role is crucial for the story of the film, then I am prepared to work in films. I have told that I dont want producers to pay me flight charges from New Jersey to Bengaluru, but If they pay me charges from Chennai or Hyderabad for the shoot it is enough. I think my role in 'Meenakshi' is an important link of the film,\" said Geetha. Geetha had acted in the film \"Poorvapara' directed by Chandrashekhar. After a gap now she is returning to act in a Kannada film.\"Kannada films have not reached out foreign countries like Tamil, Telugu and even Malayalam films. A sincere approach is needed to bring in some change in the present situation. I think it is possible. For promoting Malayalam films abroad, super stars like Mammootty and Mohan Lal went out to expand the market for Malayalam films. Concerted efforts are needed in this direction,\" said Geetha.Director Sridhar Hegde said that Geetha was approached for the role as she could provide some authenticity to the film in the court sequences.Raghu Mukherjee said that Meenakshi as a film is quite different from the films he had worked. Shubha felt happy to have got an opportunity to work with an actress like Geetha. Journalist cum actor Yathiraj is playing the role of a criminal lawyer.Source: chitraloka.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17330476", "title": "Lesa snaps more than 700 connections in Lucknow", "text": "LUCKNOW: A major drive against power consumers was carried out in the state capital on Thursday.The drive was carried out by Lucknow Electricity Supply Administration in which 52 teams headed by executive engineers went out in the field to collect dues from erring consumers. The teams disconnected power supply of 791 consumers having a cumulative arrears Rs 2.86 crore, while 393 consumers paid the dues Rs 1.06 crore. The teams booked 12 consumers on charges of theft under section 135 of Electricity Act.Likewise three consumers were booked under 138 B in which they were left free after paying their charges. \"Drive will continue in other districts of Madhyanchal till November 30,\" said MD UP Power Corporation Limited AP Mishra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17333568", "title": "Jackman got big roles because of Crowe", "text": "Actor Hugh Jackman says he is thankful to Russell Crowe for leaving out on big roles, which he did later.Jackman, 44, has worked with Crowe in movie \"Les Miserables \", and says both actors have learned from each other.\"We were good friends before. We knew each other a lot. And Russell has given me advice several times at key moments in my life that helped with my career. I also owe him because two of the biggest roles I've ever had in my life, he turned down - and suggested me for them,\" dailystar.co.uk quoted Jackman as saying.Jackman will next be seen in \" The Wolverine \", said to be the sixth instalment of the \" X-Men \" franchise. The first movie was directed by Bryan Singer in 2000 and the actor says Crowe was the first choice of director.\"On ' X-Men ', he was Bryan Singer's first choice for Wolverine , and he mentioned me also for Australia. He really is incredibly smart, and generous. It was a joy to work with him.\"\" The Wolverine \" is directed by James Mangold and is expected to release in July next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17330708", "title": "Congress withdraws second list of candidates in Gujarat after protests", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17329940", "title": "Greater Kailash-I businessman\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s car snatched", "text": "NEW DELHI: A businessman's Toyota Fortuner was robbed at gunpoint by assailants from GK in south Delhi on Wednesday. His driver, who was sitting inside the SUV waiting for his owner when the assailants struck, was abducted and driven around for over an hour but cops still could not trace the robbers.The incident took place at N Block market. Vikram Jhunjhunwala, who resides in GK-I, had come to the market for a haircut while his driver, identified as Tej Narayan Chaudhry, had parked the car at a distance and waited inside it.In his complaint, Chaudhry said a man approached him asking about an address after showing him a visiting card. \"As he poured over the card, another man entered the car from the left rear door, gagged him and moved him to the back seat. The first man then got into the car and the two drove away with Chaudhry,\" a cop said.The assailants then stopped the car and picked up a third man. They drove around the city for over an hour. Later, they dumped him in a lonely spot and fled with the car.Chaudhry freed himself from his bonds, took an auto and reached his owner's house who called police. A case has been registered. Police suspect members of Mewati gang to have committed the crime.In another incident, a Gurgaon-based businessman was robbed at gunpoint by unidentified assailants in Dwarka on Wednesday. He had withdrawn Rs 3 lakh from the bank.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "17330990", "title": "Divorce robs China\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s czarina of \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcrichest woman\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 title", "text": "BEIJING: Wu Yajun, a journalist turned property czarina has lost the title of China's richest woman after her recent divorce. Chairwoman of Longfor Properties Co Ltd lost the title after divorcing and transferring about 30% of her shares in the corporation to her now ex-husband Cai Kui.Her net worth slipped from $7.3 billion to $4.2 billion as she had to give away a substantial part of shares in Longfor; which they had jointly founded.Wu's place as China's richest woman now goes to Yang Huiyan, executive director of Country Garden Holdings Co and the daughter of company founder Yang Guoqiang. She commands a fortune of $5 billion.The divorce had been completed in a \"peaceful and friendly\" manner, and the share split between the co-founders won't violate debt covenants, a Longfor spokesman said.The price of Longfor's shares slipped 4.2% at the Hong Kong exchange on Tuesday after the divorce settlement was announced. Wu worked for China City Sightseeing Newspaper from 1988 to 1993 as a reporter and editor. She built contacts in government and business circles as the newspaper was affiliated to the construction bureau of Chongqing municipal government. This enabled her to build up her business.A native of Chongqing, Wu graduated from Northwestern Polytechnical University in Xi'an, Shaanxi province in 1984. She maintained a low profile, never gave media interviews, and little is known of her life away from business.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15513907", "title": "How to deal with workplace break-ups", "text": "A break-up is never pleasant, especially if the person in question happens to be a colleague. Mithila Mehta tells you how recover from a failed office romanceWhen an office romance fails, it is bound to create a rather messy situation. It is unlike a regular breakup simply because it is imperative to maintain a cordial relationship with the individual. You will run into each other every day, all the time. You may have to work together and speak to each other as though nothing is wrong. It is extremely hard, but must be done.The most important thing is to ensure that a failed office relationship does not affect your productivity and performance. Let work be your priority, give it everything you have. Further, break-up histrionics will showcase you in a bad light at the workplace, affecting your credibility and professional image. For the sake of your career, putting on a brave face is very important. Quitting and moving to a new workplace may seem like a good idea, particularly if it is a painful breakup. Consider the option with a cool head, and avoid taking a hasty decision. Don't jeopardise your career over something as trivial as a failed romance.Talk things outNo matter how badly things end, remember that neither of you would want the break-up to impact your professional lives. In that sense, you are both on the same side. Discuss the implications of ending the relationship in professional terms. Depending on what note you are parting on, try and establish some general ground rules to make things easier for both of you. \"I was dating a colleague for almost two years, when things took a terrible turn due to family differences. We had to break up. We mutually decided to keep workplace interactions formal and dignified, and to keep our office friends out of the mess. Openly discussing these issues and jointly coming to a consensus ensured that the break-up was quiet and smooth,\" reveals Meera P, FMCG brand manager.Be professionalTry to keep your personal and professional selves separate. Don't let the breakup interfere with professional interactions, especially when working in a team. Give your ex the same respect you would give any other colleague. \"Two colleagues in my team, who recently broke up, would unnecessarily bash each other's ideas during brainstorming sessions. Such behaviour is downright immature and should be avoided at all costs,\" advices Richa Dias, account planner at an advertising agency.Maintain a dignified, composed front at the workplace. Breaking down or mud-slinging is a strict no-no. It doesn't matter whether you are unbelievably upset, angry, jilted or heartbroken. Unleash your acting skills - simply smile through it all. A common trap is looking for a rebound relationship at the workplace. Steer clear, as this will only complicate matters further.Maintain a distanceGive each other considerable time and space to recover from the break-up. While it may not be entirely possible to avoid workplace interactions, keep to the basics. Physical distance will dissipate the awkwardness faster. \"Every time I saw my ex boyfriend in office, I would feel an overwhelming sense of sadness. I decided to keep out of his way as much as possible\u2014keeping away from his cubicle, avoiding him in the pantry, keeping separate lunch hours. Out of sight really is out of mind,\" shares Meera. Delete each other from office communicators if necessary.Don't involve othersIt is unfair and unprofessional to drag other colleagues into the break-up mess. Let the issues lie between the both of you. \"Never stoop down to spreading rumours or nasty stories about your ex to other colleagues. It will simple create a vicious cycle. In fact, try not to speak about the break-up at all. No one needs to know what went wrong, how it happened, or any other such private details,\" advices Dhaval Mehta, communication manager at a financial institution. Even if other colleagues ask you about the break-up, divulge as little as possible, especially if you don't want your personal life becoming the coffee machine gossip of the day.An office break-up is sure to be a challenging time \u2014 but with a fair amount of tact, discretion and courage, it can be handled successfully. Give yourself some time, and things will fall into place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17329884", "title": "50% seats vacant, MBA losing lustre", "text": "BANGALORE: Has the MBA boom gone bust? The Master of Business Administration degree is slowly losing its glitter in Karnataka with 50% of the government seats remaining vacant this year.Karnataka has 236 colleges with an intake of 14,148 for MBA. Of these, 8,007 seats were allotted through the Post-Graduate Common Entrance Test conducted by the Karnataka Examination Authority. Of them, only 7,600 students have reported to colleges.Ditto with the management-quota seats. Of the 13,000-plus seats available through the Karnataka Management Admission Test, only 9,000 were filled. Hari Krishna Maram, member of the governing council body of All India Management Association, told TOI: \"The interest in business degrees is fading for the past three years. It's worse this year. Placements are less attractive.In most industries, placements aren't taking place. Students are reluctant to invest up to Rs 5 lakh for an MBA degree after graduation. Many are taking up jobs and opting for part-time MBA courses, instead of a full-time programme. With centralized exams for management courses coming up, the numbers might rise in the future.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17333330", "title": "PropheC announces The Dream Room", "text": "The PropheC is proud to announce the release of his first single from 'The Dream Room'. Original ( Majhajan) was released on Nov. 21.The album will also be available as a free download in December, 2012, and will include a mash up of new songs and desi take on some of this year's biggest tracks, such as The PropheC's previously released-on-youtube - 'Crew Love Remix'.In 'There's no one like her', Original ventures into new ground as an electro/techno dance track. The track has been unleashed on the public forum with a new lyric video. Usually known for his more solemn ballads, Original represents a more upbeat vibe for The PropheC .Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17330167", "title": "Lajpat Nagar blast: Never a case against duo, say lawyers", "text": "NEW DELHI: The lawyers for Mirza Nissar Hussain and Mohammad Ali Bhatt welcomed the Delhi high court judgment in the Lajpat Nagar market blast case, saying there was \"never a case against them\".Having argued for Bhatt and Hussain in HC, lawyer Kamini Jaiswal said she was happy that her clients had been proved innocent. \"I am happy that two of my clients are out. I have to read the judgment to find out the grounds on which Javed's conviction has been upheld but am happy HC accepted our arguments. We have been saying from the beginning that there was no case ever.\"Another lawyer who defended some of the accused, K K Manan, said police foisted a false case and his clients are innocent people. \"On the same set of evidence, Bhatt and Hussain have been acquitted while Naushad has been convicted. I will move the Supreme Court in appeal,\" he said.Advocate Khalil Ansari, who represented Bhatt, Hussain and co-accused Javed Ahmed Khan during the trial, maintained the police's story suffered from glaring loopholes from the very start but their protests were not heeded by the trial court.\"From day one I have said my clients have been falsely implicated, that the prosecution's story is fabricated. It is only in HC that our arguments were examined and appreciated. During the trial, the prosecution never examined the defence witnesses. It is an unsolved case and police did a lot of padding and false implication. The very foundation of the case is bad in nature,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17331320", "title": "Virar couple promises loans, jobs, held for Rs 1 crore fraud", "text": "MUMBAI: A couple from Virar has been arrested for conning people by promising bank loans and jobs in multinational companies . The couple allegedly cheated people of Rs 1 crore over the last two years. So far, 22 people have lodged complaints.Shritija Chowdhary (35) and her husband Nitin (44) of Phoolpada in Virar (E), along with an aide Pramod Rathod (34), have been booked for cheating and remanded in custody till November 27. Sumedha Chowdhary (44), a family friend of the couple , told cops she had loaned lakhs to the couple who promised to return the money with interest. They did not do so and allegedly threatened her. Other complainants were also threatened when they inquired about their loan or job. The couple also promised to double investors' money.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17330247", "title": "Constable arrested for duping trader", "text": "KOLKATA: The police on Thursday arrested Pranab Dutta, a constable of Bowbazar police station, for duping a small trader. The constable, who was absconding ever since his anticipatory bail petition was rejected by the Calcutta high court, surrendered before the police on Thursday. Earlier, the complainant Nepali Sonkar, in his complaint with Posta Police station, alleged that Dutta had sold him a 'precious' gem three years back claiming that a light comes from the core of the gem. that three years ago he was sold a 'precious' gem with a claim that a light comes from the core of the gem.For this gem, Sonkar - a small trader from Jorabagan - paid Rs 2.8 lakh to Pranab in four instalments. After a few days, the light stopped coming from within and it started looking like an ordinary gem. He then wanted his money back from Dutta. But the constable refused to pay back the money.Sonkar then lodged a complaint with Posta Police. Though Pranab was earlier with Posta police station, he was transferred to Burrabazar before the Pujas. Posta Police had issued an arrest warrant against Dutta, who was on the run. On Thursday, after his bail petition was rejected by the court, he surrendered before the police. Police arrested him.The police have already put him under suspension and a departmental proceeding has been initiated against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17331419", "title": "Principal held for caning UKG boy", "text": "HYDERABAD: A principal of a school was arrested on Thursday for handing out corporal punishment to an upper kindergarten (UKG) student, accusing him of repeatedly going to the washroom . The student had welts all over his back as he was reportedly hit with a cane.The Sanathnagar police said Mohammed Ghouse, UKG student of Orbit Grammar School, a primary school in Indira Gandhi Puram in Fatehnagar, had \"cane marks\" all over his back as school principal Mumtaz Hussain allegedly hit him on Wednesday.Police said a case of assault was registered against Mumtaz Hussain based on a complaint lodged by Khaleel , the student's father, and the principal was subsequently arrested.\"Actually, Ghouse's parents complained to the principal stating that their son was showing disinterest in studies and was kicking up a ruckus every day to go to school. They asked the principal to pull up their son so that he will fall in line,'' Sanathnagar sub-inspector S Srinivasulu said.On Wednesday, Mumtaz Hussain noticed that the boy was frequently going to the toilet just to avoid being in the class. This irked Hussain and he hit Ghouse with a cane, police said.The boy complained to his parents about pain and they were shocked to see welts on his back on Wednesday night.\"The agitated parents lodged a complaint and a case was registered,'' Srinivasulu added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17331444", "title": "Govt in a soup over CAT order", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state government is caught in a strange situation wherein it has to appoint a chief secretary rank officer in the finance department as head above incumbent principal secretary Venkataramani Bhaskar or challenge the the central administrative tribunal (CAT) order which directed it on Wednesday to either keep the post vacant or fill it with a CS rank officer.The central administrative tribunal gave this interim direction to the state while hearing the plea of three CS rank officers, M Chaya Ratan, Inderjit Pal and Mohammed Shafiquzzaman, who challenged the ways of the state's cadre management and also the appointment of their junior colleague M Samuel as chief commissioner of land administration (CCLA).Opposing their plea, the state filed its counter in the tribunal wherein it categorically admitted that the post of development commissioner (finance), a CS rank post, was lying vacant. The state in its counter petition said,\"An officer of the rank of principal secretary to government is holding the post. The present incumbent V Bhaskar has excellent exposure to the financial sector and hence, was appointed head of the finance department\" .Referring to the allegations against Samuel and the CBI case against him, the government said that during the sitting of the screening committee on January 6, 2011, at the time of promoting Samuel to CS rank on January 29, 2011 or at the date of his appointment as CCLA, no disciplinary proceedings were initiated against him. The state also criticised the petitioners saying that they kept quiet when they received benefits from the policy of batch wise promotions and were raising objections when similar relief is provided to others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "purnia", "code": "17328639", "title": "Train services in Purnia section suspended", "text": "PURNIA: With the railways resorting to 'mega block' in 36km long Purnia-Banmankhi stretch in Purnia-Saharsa section of East Central Railway (ECR) since Wednesday, meter gauge travel in this section now becomes part of history. Train services between Purnia and Banmankhi in this section of ECR have been suspended completely.Samastipur divisional railway manager (DRM ) Arun Mallick , talking to TOI, said work on conversion of metre gauge (MG) into broad gauge (BG) into 36km stretch between Purnia and Banmankhi would hopefully be completed in a year's time.Work on Banmankhi-Madhepura part was already underway, he said. \"Once conversion of Purnia-Banmankhi part was completed, Banmankhi-Murliganj section would be taken up,\" he announced. The chief administrative officer (construction) has been looking after the broad gauge conversion works, he informed. Work in Purnia-Saharsa section was taken up in the year 2007-8, resulting in partial suspension of train services.The unprecedented floods in the river Kosi in August 2008, however, threw a spanner, and hindered the gigantic conversion work. The railways could, nevertheless, resume train service in some 25km stretch between Saharsa-Madhepura in the year 2010, following huge public outcry and hullabaloo. The broad gauge conversion between Mansi and Saharsa and again between Saharsa and Purnia was taken up years back at an estimated cost of Rs 356 crore.The trains started plying on the converted BG line between Mansi and Saharsa few years back, speeding up and curtailing journey by hours. However, train commuters in Purnia and Saharsa were not lucky as several odds impeded the conversion work.\"The commuters in this part of north-east Bihar have definitely been inconvenienced on account of the mega block, which resulted in total suspension of train services between Purnia and Banmankhi. But, they will be gratified once trains on BG lines start,\" said Bam Shanker Jha of Banmankhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17331258", "title": "Woman robbed in cab in SoBo after bank visit", "text": "MUMBAI: A 33-year-old woman was kidnapped from Kalbadevi, assaulted with a knife, forced to sniff chloroform in a handkerchief, robbed and later pushed out of a taxi at Matunga on Wednesday afternoon. The police are hunting for two unidentified accused and a taxi driver who fled with jewellery worth Rs 2.74 lakh.The incident, in broad daylight, again highlights how unsafe the city is becoming , both at home and outside.An officer said the victim , Nikki Shah, a homemaker from R K Wadi on VP Road, was to attend a wedding on Wednesday evening. \"She went to Bank of India's Kalbadevi branch to collect jewellery from her locker. She came out of the bank and hired a taxi to return home. She was carrying the jewellery in a bag. When the taxi reached Metro Cinema junction, two unidentified persons opened the back doors and forced their way into the cab. They threatened her not to scream,\" said the officer.Shah said she resisted and shouted at the driver to stop but the robbers ordered him to keep driving.The 33-year-old woman who was kidnapped from Kalbadevi and robbed sustained minor injuries while resisting the accused who allegedly gagged her and forcibly covered her face with a chloroform-soaked handkerchief . \"It seems to be a planned robbery. The accused travelled in the cab till Matunga and later asked the woman to get down. She was in a semi-conscious state and staggered out. The accused fled in the taxi with her jewellery at around 3pm.Later, the victim saw a patrolling team of Matunga police and asked for help,\" the police sad. The policemen then took her to Matunga police station. Later, she was taken to LT Marg police station. Shah told police that the driver appeared to be in his 40s while the two robbers were in their mid-thirties . The crime branch has also been asked to do a parallel probe \"We are trying to collect CCTV images from the Kalbadevi area for clues. Some history-sheeters , robbers and habitual offenders were rounded up for questioning,\" said a crime branch officer.The unidentified accused were booked for voluntarily causing hurt while committing robbery . \"It was a robbery and hurt case and not kidnapping. The victim was in a cab when the accused entered it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17328974", "title": "TCS to develop data centre to connect government departments", "text": "PATNA: In its endeavour to implement the state information and communication technology policy, the state government is mulling an IT hub at Bihta. For this the Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) has already been assigned with the responsibility of developing a main data centre which will provide IT link to all government departments. The centre will formally be launched in March 2013 on the premises of Beltron Bhawan.A regional centre of National Institute of Electronics and Information Technology ( NIEIT) will also be developed at Bihta.IT minister Shahid Ali Khan said the department of information technology is committed to make Bihar an IT destination with establishment of IT industries in the state. \"The land for IT park has already been selected and bidding process for selection of consultancy company for promotion of IT park has almost completed,\" he said.IT entrepreneur and chairman of IT sub-committee of Bihar Industries Association, P K Sinha, told TOI that the future of IT development in Bihar was bright. \"The IT department is engaged in development of Bihar Knowledge Society which will interact with the central government's industry department for creating course module for IT skill development and training,\" he said.He further said a number of reputed companies of the country are already working in the state. \" TCS , which has already opened its office here, has been providing services for conducting online examinations for banking services and recruitment process by Central University of Bihar,\" he said and added that NEECH Techonlogy, Kolkata, is engaged in collecting data for social and caste census in Bihar and HP Education Services is engaged in providing IT skill development courses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17333795", "title": "Woman robbed", "text": "MUMBAI: In a broad daylight robbery, a 33-year-old housewife was assaulted, rendered unconscious and robbed of valuables worth Rs 2.75 lakhs after she boarded a taxi at Kalbadevi in south Mumbai on Wednesday afternoon. The police said that they are on the lookout for the taxi driver and two unidentified persons who committed the crime. No arrests have been made.\"When she reached the Metro junction, two unidentified persons barged into the taxi from the two rear doors. Shah was pushed to the middle of the back seat with the two men beside her. They then threatened her with choppers and when she protested, they assaulted her with the choppers leading to minor injuries on her wrists and hands,\" said an official from the LT Marg police.The police said that the accused then pressed a chloroformed handkerchief against her nose and she lost consciousness. They then abandoned her at Matunga around 3. 05 pm and fled in the taxi with the bag containing the jewelry.\"The jewelry included a 70 grams gold jewelry set comprising of a necklace and earrings worth Rs 1.4 lakh, a 20 grams necklace worth Rs 40,000, a five gram bracelet worth Rs 10,000, a 10 gram chain worth Rs 20,000, two gold bangles (10 grams) worth Rs 20,000, one five gram ring worth Rs 10,000, a seven gram gold chain worth Rs 14,000 and another gold chain worth RS 20,000,\" said another official.The police said that they have registered a case under Indian Penal code section 394 for voluntarily causing hurt while committing robbery against the taxi driver and the two unidentified accused. No arrests have been made in the case so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17334049", "title": "Various irregularities make office of DIOS re-verify Kanya Vidya Dhan forms", "text": "KANPUR: The verification of Kanya Vidya Dhan forms has started at the office of District Inspector Of Schools (DIOS) last week. Amongst 22,622 forms deposited, nearly 2,000 forms were found improper in phase one of the verification.The DIOS authorities are finding it difficult to verify the Kanya Vidya Dhan forms as there are various irregularities. In several cases, similar candidate have submitted multiple forms. In various others, the data and documents are not properly attested.The Uttar Pradesh government has decided to provide a consolidated one-time Rs 30,000 financial help to Class XII passout girls, hailing from weaker economic background, for their higher education in the form of Kanya Vidya Dhan.As per the government order, a girl who had passed intermediate or equivalent examination in 2012 and onwards will qualify for this scheme provided her total annual family income is not more than Rs 35,000. In phase one of Kanya Vidya Dhan, a total of 3,221 girls would benefit from this scheme.According to DIOS, Komal Yadav, \"around 22,622 forms for Kanya Vidya Dhan were deposited to DIOS office till September 30. In many forms, the students applied for Kanya Vidya Dhan even when the family income was more than the required.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17331277", "title": "Govt doesn\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t keep two-day promise to act against cops for internet arrests", "text": "MUMBAI: Despite categorical assurances on Tuesday, both chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and home minister R R Patil still haven't taken action against any Palghar police officials for arresting Shaheen Dhada and Rini Shrinivasan , both 21, on Monday. Dhada had lamented on facebook the shutdown on Sunday during Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray's funeral. Shrinivasan had 'shared' the post. The Palghar police arrested them for promoting hatred between groups (Indian Police Code Section 505-2 ) and sending a grossly offensive message through a communication device (Information Technology Act Section 66A).Chavan and Patil had assured that action would be taken against erring police officers within two days after the report of the inspector-general (Konkan) was presented. But till Thursday, there was no action . There was no response either from Patil or his office on the issue. A senior official in Chavan's office confirmed that no action had been taken. \"Chavan had on Tuesday promised action against erring cops within two days, but in the absence of the crucial report, the CM is helpless . Once the report is received, stern action will be taken,\" he said.Chavan had earlier said that a senior police official had warned the Palghar cops that they should not invoke the IT Act. DGP Sanjeev Dayal had informed additional chief secretary (home) Amitabh Rajan that the arrests were unwarranted . A leading social worker said, \"In fact, pending the probe, all officials involved in the episode should have been suspended.\"Meanwhile, Patil said his department was weighing the option of making a legal opinion from the law and judiciary department mandatory before arrests were made in cases involving allegedly objectionable posts on social networking site.Patil said he would approach the Centre for clarity on sections of the IT Act. He especially referred to sections related to \"hurting of sentiments\" . Claiming that the current provisions were vague in nature, Patil said that an online comment that hurts someone might not necessarily hurt another set of people.The police are likely to backtrack in the case, with sources saying the cops are likely to close the investigation against the two women after summarizing the case in court. A source said the police would most likely file a C-summary report, which means that the case was registered under confusion and amicably settled. A C-summary report is the easiest way out of the controversy. The police can also attach an application with the report asking the court to discharge the accused. Another easy option would be to convert the case into a noncognizable complaint.If an A-summary report is filed (true but undetected), the case would remain on record. In the case of a B-summary (false case), the officer who registered the case could be prosecuted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17330354", "title": "High court rejects plea opposing draw system", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat high court on Thursday rejected a plea by judicial officers opposing the draw system by which the state government has decided to allot 20 residential plots in the city on Saturday.Turning down the demand that the government allot plots at concessional rates on a first-come-first basis or to those who have approached the court, Justice Paresh Upadhyay observed that India has limited resources and court's interference in government's decision is not required. It is not possible that those who moved court should alone get the benefit.The state government has organized a draw to allot 20 plots among more than 80 claimants on Saturday.The allotment for judicial officers has been a long pending issue, as many district judges including present principal city sessions judge Jyotsna Yagnik also moved the HC in this regard.Interestingly, the high court had taken suo motu cognizance in 2000 raising questions on why should the government give away plots to its employees at cheap rates. A couple of years ago, an advocate filed a PIL objecting to sale to elected representatives in Gandhinagar. After the HC rejected the PIL, he moved the Supreme Court.Last month, the apex court stayed the scheme allotting plots to MPs and MLAs and asked the high court to dispose of the suo motu petition about allocating plots to government employees within six months.Meanwhile, the state government told the SC that it has been reconsidering its policy to allot plots to government employees and elected leaders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "mhow", "code": "17332312", "title": "Formation signs a unique symbol of Mhow Cantt", "text": "MHOW: Mhow is famous for being the birthplace of architect of Indian constitution Dr BR Ambedkar and the legendary saint Maharshi Parashuram. Besides, it is known for housing Military Headquarters of War (Mhow) during the first and second world war due to its unique position on Indian map and its connectivity to other parts. But very few people would be familiar with this 'unique' feature of the cantonment area: Armymen donning almost all the formations of the Indian army on their uniforms could be seen within the single premises here. Word formation in the army symbolizes army establishments like battalion, regiment, division, corps, command, area, various headquarters and others.Those willing to see the signs of the army headquarters can find them on the uniforms of the personnel of Army Centre for Electromagnetics (ACE) and Movement Control Office (MCO). The signs of the central command, in which Mhow falls, could be found in Military Engineers Services (MES) and Liaison Unit (LU) and the signs of the Madhyabharat area could be seen on the uniforms of staff attached with station headquarters and its units. Signs of other divisions and regiments could be witnessed in the two units deployed here for demo purpose. A large number of students, both officers and other ranks undergo various courses in the Army War College (AWC), Military College of Telecommunications Engineering (MCTE) and the Infantry School in Mhow. Uniform of the students of these three training establishments represents almost every formation of every level.Col VK Saini, a retired officer, told TOI that it is heartening and encouraging to see true reflection of our national culture manifested in this small town. The environment of Mhow encourages the flavour of true India, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17328560", "title": "'Six officials were kept in loop for Kasab's execution'", "text": "PUNE: The state director general of police and the Mumbai police commissioner had evidently taken utmost precautions while selecting senior police officials in the shortest possible time to successfully execute 'Operation X', retired police officials said on Thursday.Kasab, the lone surviving gunman of 26/11, was hanged to death in Pune's Yerawada jail at 7.30 am on Wednesday. The operation, codenamed X, was planned in such a way that even the Pune police commissioner Gulabrao Pol and his officials were kept in the dark.Requesting anonymity, one of the officials of Yerawada jail said that six dedicated officials were given information about the precautions to be taken after Kasab was brought at the 'anda cell' (egg-shaped cell) . They were old how many guards should be deployed for his security, what food should be given to him, making arrangements for medical experts for monitoring his health and making other arrangements required for his execution etc.The official claimed that care was taken so that the execution was as painless as possible. The prisons department has submitted a report on the execution to the state home department, he added.Police and jail officials selected for the operation were men of integrity; competent and reliable. They made sure that there were no hurdles. The officials maintained total confidentiality till the operation was concluded successfully.Maharashtra state prisons department, additional DGP Meeran Chadha Borwankar was present in the jail right from the time Kasab was brought to the jail on early Tuesday morning till the time he was executed and buried.Additional director general of police (retired) Rajendra Sonawane, who once headed the state prisons department, told TOI on Thursday that it is entirely the choice of the state DGP and Mumbai city police commissioner on the procedure they intend to follow for selecting police officials for executing the operation in the rarest of rare cases like that of Kasab.Sonawane said that the officials had to be selected carefully. As for instance, while escorting Kasab from the Arthur road jail to Yerawada jail the officials could have faced problems like road blockages, attack by suicide bombers, miscreants opening fire, etc.According to Sonawane, the officials exercised utmost care and precautions while executing the operation and made sure no information was leaked. Had confidentiality not been maintained, the operation might have been sabotaged.He further said that in such cases secrecy can only be maintained if such an operation is supervised single-handedly at the top-most level and the officials executing the operation must strictly adhere to the guidelines issued.Explaining the role of jail officials in the execution, the former prisons department chief said that it was the prerogative of the jail superintendent to select a team for executing the death warrant. The protocol is required to be maintained as per the prisons manual as the jail superintendent is required to send a certificate to the President and court that he has executed the task.D N Jadhav (retired), former Pune and Mumbai police commissioner, was also of the view that the officials undertaking such operations are selected on the basis of their performance and because of their trust and reliable.Jadhav felt that the planning was done well in advance and care was taken that the officers selected for the job maintained confidentiality.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17329837", "title": "Kapaleeswarar temple land worth 60 lakh recovered", "text": "CHENNAI: A property measuring 450sqft and worth 60 lakh, belonging to the Kapaleeswarar temple, was retrieved from the occupants on Thursday after a long legal battle. A house had been built on the land.The property on Ponnambala Vadhyar Street, adjacent to the temple, was occupied by Munusamy since the 1980s.\"The original occupant, Munusamy died and his four sons were staying in the house. But no rent was being paid and a case was filed in the Madras high court in 1997. Though the court ruled in favour of the Hindu Religious and Charitable Endowments department, the illegal occupants appealed against the order. On November 22, we got an eviction notice. Based on the notice, we evicted the occupants and took control of the property,\" said T Kaveri, temple executive officer.The temple officials, with the help of police, evicted the occupants. Recently, property belonging to the Kapaleeswarar temple, worth several crores, have been retrieved, mostly on Greenways Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17333400", "title": "Kanna Laddu Thinna Aasaiya on Dec 21", "text": "Santhanam's maiden production venture starring himself and Power Star Srinivasan and VTV Ganesh, Kanna Laddu Thinna Aasaiya (KLTA), is likely to hit screens on December 21.The film is believed to be a full-fledged comedy entertainer which will tickle the funny bones. Looks like the film is set to take on director Bala's 'Paradesi' starring Aadharva, Vedhika and Dhanshika.Santhanam recently shot a special kuthu number, tuned by music director Thaman. Vishaka plays the leading lady and has shaken a leg along with Santhanam for this kuthu song.' Kanna Laddu Thinna Aasaiya ' would be Santhanam's second attempt to play the lead role after his unsuccessful try in ' Arai en 305il Kadavul '.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17330776", "title": "A century of delights for Virender Sehwag", "text": "MUMBAI: Virender Sehwag cares little about landmarks. Maybe that is why he has always simply reacted to the ball being delivered and attempted the impossible, or suicidal, when on the verge of something special.Remember the slog sweep off a Simon Katich full toss on 195 at Melbourne on Boxing Day that landed in the hands of Nathan Bracken at deep square leg? Or the mow off Saqlain Mushtaq at Multan to jump from 295 to 301 and leap into the arms of history in becoming the first Indian batsman to score a Test triple hundred?Many say his batting is cavalier. The uncharitable even say he is careless. The fence-sitters, to be safe, label him as a batsman who plays his natural game. The intellectuals call him an impact player.For the masses though, he will always be an entertainer. On Friday, when he walks out on the Wankhede turf against England, Sehwag will become just the ninth Indian batsman to achieve the milestone of playing 100 Tests. Surely, he'll care about this milestone, but he will also look to entertain.Paying rich tributes to the man, Indian skipper Dhoni said, \"The crucial decision of his career was opting to open. It was a big challenge and he accepted it. He is very positive and bats with instinct. It doesn't matter if the wicket is turning or seaming. He only looks to score runs.\"Sehwag's career has been outstanding and eventful. It can be broken down into four phases. The period between Nov 2001 to May 2005 -- or the John Wright and Sourav Ganguly era -- saw him at his best. He was undeniably the pied piper of the Indian team as he redefined Test cricket and filled stadiums. Sehwag, younger, leaner and fitter, aggregated 3079 runs in 34 Tests in that phase, averaging 55.98 with 10 centuries that included two doubles and a triple.Then came the dark phase under Greg Chappell. Sehwag felt insecure and restricted as he could score just 993 runs in 18 Tests. The highlight during this period was his 254 in Lahore, during which he added 410 runs with Rahul Dravid for the first wicket. With the world-record opening partnership just four runs away, he slashed at a wide delivery off Navedul-Hasan Rana and was caught.Virender Sehwag in Tests       T  I  NO  Runs  HS  Ave.  100  50  S.R.  For India  98  170  6  8365  319  51.00  23  31  82.40   For ICC World XI  1  2  -  83  76  41.50  -  1  87.36       Overall  99  172  6  8448  319  50.89  23  32  82.45   Home  47  81  3  4518  319  57.92  13  19  83.88   Away  52  91  3  3930  309  44.65  10  13  80.86       In a winning cause  40  65  4  3471  309  56.90  8  16  88.65   In a losing cause  26  52  -  1813  201  34.86  5  7  76.88   Drawn Games  33  55  2  3164  319  59.69  10  9  79.63He shared a frosty relationship with Chappell. Post the 2007 World Cup, some whimsical selection policies ensured that the batsman paid for his poor ODI form with his Test spot, as he was omitted for the tour of Bangladesh and the home Tests against Pakistan. Happy times, though, were around the corner. Skipper Anil Kumble fought for his inclusion as a 17th member on the tour of Australia and Sehwag repaid the skipper's faith with a masterly and match-saving 151 at Adelaide.Gary Kirsten's arrival as India coach and his hands-on approach seemingly worked for Sehwag as it marked his productive third phase. Big hundreds came regularly and there seemed to be a method to his madness. In 30 Tests, he notched up 2881 runs with eight hundreds, two of them doubles and one a triple. During this phase, he was instrumental in India getting to No. 1 because he scored quickly and allowed bowlers the time to pick up 20 wickets and win matches.Kirsten's departure after guiding India to the World Cup, though, seemed to make the batsman divorce good sense as we look at his fourth and possibly last phase of his career.In a baffling move, he chose to play on in the 2011 IPL despite a bad shoulder and postponed his surgery till his team, the Delhi Daredevils, remained in contention for the semis. That denied him an opportunity to arrive in England fully fit. Instead, he came in rusty and ended up making a caricature of himself after registering a king pair at Edgbaston as India were routed 0-4. As his fitness waned, his overseas record took a beating and his famed hand-eye coordination dimmed. Many feel Sehwag's powers today are on the wane, especially when playing on bowler-friendly pitches. On subcontinent tracks though, he can still play from memory and enthrall you, or frustrate you.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17330086", "title": "Punjab takes key healthcare decisions", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After much procrastination, the Punjab government has finally decided to add 100 seats for MBBS in the Government Medical College at Patiala and Amritsar from next year. Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal took a decision to the effect during a meeting of the governing body of the Punjab Institute of Medical Sciences (PIMS), Society, Jalandhar. The board also approved intake of 47 additional seats in post graduation courses at the Patiala Medical College.The board approved expenditure of Rs 32 crore for purchase of equipment for the upcoming Cancer Diagnostic Treatment Centre in Bathinda, a project worth Rs 60 crore, besides setting up of a hemophilic diagnostic centre at a cost of Rs 1.2 crore in Patiala.The state government has also decided to set up a similar hemophilic diagnostic centre in other government medical and dental colleges. Approval was also given to the constitution of an ethical committee to promote research in government medical and dental colleges of the state at a cost of Rs 5 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17328800", "title": "Failing to break locks, thieves enter by setting door afire", "text": "NAGPUR: Having failed to break open interlock system of the door, burglars set afire the door itself to gain entry into a house and made away with 10 tola gold ornaments, silver coins and cash worth Rs 4 lakh in all. The incident took place at central government employee Jainandan Mishra's house at Natraj Housing society in Gittikhadan police station area.Mishra, a senior technical officer at explosives department, had gone to his native place Bihar for Chhath puja on November 15. The burglary came to light on November 19 morning when their maid went to clean the house and take care of their pet dog left behind at the house. Interestingly, Mishra informed that two days before the burglary was noticed, he got a call from a land line number and the caller asked him whether he was home or not. The caller told Mishra that he had won a prize and asked him when he was going to return.The burglars drilled a hole in the wall and broke open the grill. Later, they tried to open the main door interlock system but failed. They then set it afire by pouring kerosene. The thieves repeated the same for bedroom door too where the valuables and cash were kept. Police suspect that the dog was given food laced with some drug by the burlgars. Mishra said it is not well and had swelling near the neck.In another incident, gold ornaments and cash worth Rs 1.67 lakh were burgled from Kishore Kale's residence at Manish Nagar in Sonegaon on Wednesday evening. Kale had gone to the office when the burglary took place. At Yashodhara Nagar, an electrical shop owned by Mukesh Pali at Chocs colony on Kamptee road was burgled and cash and appliances worth Rs 70,000 were taken away.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17331080", "title": "Petty quarrel leads to murder, Dabal man held", "text": "MARGAO: Bhuto Shankar Gaonkar, 50, of Kirlapal, Dabal, was arrested by the Curchorem police on Thursday on charges of murdering one Kumar (full name not known), a native of Hubli, whose body was recovered lying along the pathway leading to a laterite quarry at Kirlapal-Dabal, on Wednesday night.The deceased was also staying in the neighbourhood and is in the age group of 35-40 years, police said.Curchorem PI Sidhant Shirodkar said that the deceased was bludgeoned to death and that he died instantly. Police, however, are yet to recover the weapon used by the accused to hit Kumar.Detailing the sequence of events leading to the arrest of the accused, Shirodkar said that when the cops recovered the body late Wednesday night, they were left clueless about the identity of the accused. An offence of murder was therefore booked against unknown persons.On Thursday morning, the police pressed into service a sniffer dog squad which tracked the scent to a house located hardly a few meters away from the scene of the crime.\"We took into custody the owner of the house as a suspect, who soon admitted to having committed the murder,\" Shirodkar said.Curchorem police said that a quarrel between Gaonkar and Kumar over some petty issue late Wednesday night turned ugly leading to the murder.The autopsy, which is likely to be conducted on Friday, is likely to throw more light on the cause of the death, police sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "barabanki/lucknow", "code": "17330391", "title": "APJ Abdul Kalam sees peer pressure on kids as threat to nation\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s progress", "text": "BARABANKI/LUCKNOW: Former President APJ Abdul Kalam expressed deep concern over the present scenario where children are continuously being prodded by parents and teachers to acquire the top slot. Kalam said every child, be it in Barabanki or Rameshwaran or Kanyakumari or Kashmir, has ambitions. \"While children are struggling to be unique, the world around them is trying all means to make them look like everybody else,'' said Kalam. He added that today's parents were coaxing children to be like their neighbor's child. Children and youth will have to fight the hardest battle to make themselves unique.\"Kalam shared his views at the inauguration ceremony of 20th state level Children Science Congress held at Sagar Institute of Technology, Barabanki. Addressing a huge audience, majority of whom were students, Kalam said science will help create a culture of excellence in children's lives.Throwing light on how children can be unique, Kalam gave examples of eminent scientists which included Megnath Saha, DS Kothari, Thomas Edison, Alexander Graham Bell, Wright Bros, CV Raman, Srinivasa Ramanujan, Subrahmanyam Chandrashekar, Madame Curie who were known for their uniqueness. He then said Ramanujan could not pass intermediate. He only passed the mathematics test and failed in all other subjects, yet he is revered for his contribution.Kalam then gave tips to the students on how to achieve success. He said children should first set a great aim in their life, acquire knowledge with the help of books, teachers and human beings. The third step is hard work and the last is perseverance. \"Excellence is a continuous process and not an accident,'' said Kalam, adding that everyone is born with wings to fly with and one shouldn't be scared of problems.Present on the occasion, Prof Yashpal, former chairman of the University Grants Commission (UGC), shared how advertisements inviting children for tuitions were killing creativity. He persuaded children to follow a 'Think Yourself, Do Yourself' approach for better results. \"Why does a child have to compulsorily stand first in his class? Mahatma Gandhi, Rabindranath Tagore, and even Kalam were never toppers. This is a disease and children should save themselves from,'' said Prof Yashpal.Among others attending the programme were R S Raghuvanshi general secretary National Council for Science and Technology (NCST), Lov Verma president Uttar Pradesh Children Science Congress, CM Nautiyal scientist and others and they all spoke on the journey of Children Science Congress since the time it was started in 1993.NCSC will culminate on November 24 where students will be awarded medals and certificates. The NCSC has attracted 294 projects from 75 districts of the state this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "rourkela", "code": "17333026", "title": "Marauding elephants spread panic in Rourkela village", "text": "ROURKELA: A 12-member elephant herd went on a rampage in a village in the district on Wednesday night. Two houses and two motorcycles were damaged by the herd besides uprooting one 11 KV electric pole, as a result of which the village has been plunged into darkness. Residents of the area are in a state of panic as the elephant herd has been camping at a neighbouring hill.During midnight on Wednesday, about 12 elephants entered Riu village under Kuanrmunda block of the district. According to locals, upon entering the village the elephants uprooted the 11 KV electric pole, plunging the village into darkness. Under cover of darkness, they marched ahead and ran over several paddy fields, damaging the crops.The elephant herd also destroyed the house of one Biswanatha Tanti and damaged the utensils kept in their kitchen. The elephant herd damaged two motorcycles on their way, which were parked outside the house. The boundary wall of another house of the village was also damaged by the animals.According to locals, the elephants have been continuously rampaging in the neighbourhood, damaging houses, crops and household commodities. \"The residents are living in fear, particularly during the evening hours, since the elephants move about only after sunset,\" said Biswanatha Tanti, a villager. \"Although we have been intimating local forest officials about the elephant movement and damage of houses and crops, they have not been able to take any appropriate steps to stop the elephant attacks,\" he added.According to forest officials, two herds consisting of a total number of 27 elephants, have been moving in Kuanrmunda forest range since the past one month and have been damaging crops, houses and other commodities.\"We have already reported crop damage in as many as 150 acres of land in our area besides damage of few houses and other properties,\" said Bharat Ghadai, Kuanrmunda range officer. \"Although we are trying to drive out the elephant herd from the area, so far it has not been possible for different reasons,\" Ghadai said.\"One of the major bottlenecks for chasing the elephants out of vulnerable areas is lack of appropriate logistical support,\" Ghadai said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17329797", "title": "Workers on strike, railways services hit", "text": "CHENNAI: Suburban train services in the Chennai-Tiruvallur route were affected on Thursday, as workers at the EMU car shed in Avadi went on a 'tool down' strike demanding filling up of vacancies and improved infrastructure.Services in the suburban route continued without adequate maintenance of trains. The impact is likely to deepen on Friday if the strike is not withdrawn. The strike delayed departure of local trains at Madras Moore Market complex station for 30 minutes from 1.45pm to 2.15pm. Similar delays were witnessed at other stations.The agitating employees demanded officials stop encouraging technicians to cannibalise spare parts and jeopardize safety of trains. Senior railway officials met the workers in the evening and urged them to resume work.\"Shortage of staff has increased workload of existing employees. Officers force us to cannibalise parts and then hold us responsible if a train breaks down or derails,\" said an employee of the car shed who took part in the strike, organised by the Southern Railway Mazdoor Union (SRMU).More than 518 posts should be filled up at the car shed as per the Railway Board norms to ensure periodic overhaul and maintenance of EMUs, the striking employees said.Daily maintenance and cleaning of trains have been affected because of the shortage of staff. \"Existing employees are forced to clear a train without properly checking all components to ensure timely running of trains. This is putting the commuters at risk,\" said an SRMU officebearer.Running staff, who should receive and dispatch EMUs for inspection at the shed, are forced to do other jobs. The safety of commuters is also being compromised because technical specifications recommended by the Railway Board are not followed.Southern Railway chief public relations officer V J Accamma said \"steps were taken being taken to resolve the issue. Discussions were held based on the demands raised by the employees.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17333530", "title": "When Amy Winehouse sheltered homeless girl", "text": "Late singer Amy Winehouse once invited a homeless girl to live with her.Winehouse, who was 27 years old when she died, lived with the girl for six months, says her father Mitch Winehouse.\"I laugh about it now, because there was a young lady who lived with Amy for six months. I never really figured out who she was,\" dailystar.co.uk quoted Mitch as saying.\"I said, 'Who's this young girl who's walking around?' She said, 'She's a homeless girl and I'm looking after her',\" he added.Winehouse, who battled the problem of substance abuse, died of excessive alcohol content in July 2011. She was found lying on the bed by one of her bodyguards and was later declared dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17331368", "title": "'Bal Thackeray memorial should be at Indu Mills\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "MUMBAI: Sparking a fresh debate on the issue of having a memorial in the name of late Shiv Sena supremo Bal Thackeray, corporators from the Congress and the MNS have proposed that the memorial be constructed on the Indu Mills land in Dadar.The demand was made in the civic general body on Thursday where corporators cutting across party lines paid homage to Bal Thackeray. Congress corporator Sunil More said, \"The Indu Mills land is large enough to accommodate both, the memorials of Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar and Balasaheb Thackeray . A memorial there will be a fitting homage to him.\"Backing the demand, MNS corporator Sandeep Deshpande said if a memorial is being planned, it should be done in a large area like the12-acre Indu Mills land. Other demands included naming the proposed coastal road that the BMC plans to construct, Dadar station, the proposed Navi Mumbai airport and the Nhava Seva sea link after Thackeray.The urn containing the ashes of Shiv Sena supremo Balasaheb Thackeray was taken in an open vehicle accompanied by a fleet of vehicles in Allahabad on Thursday and the ashes were immersed near the Sangam, the confluence of the Ganga, Yamuna and the mythical Saraswati amid the recitation of mantras.The urn was brought to the city by Shiv Sena MP Chandrakant Khaire. People from different sections of society, along with political leaders and workers, offered floral tributes to Thackeray. A section of Congress leaders staged a protest at Subhash Crossing over the Shiv Sena's \"hostility\" towards north Indians.NCP legislator Nawab Malik on Thursday said it was for the BMC and chief minister Prithviraj Chavan to take a call on the Bal Thackeray memorial. He added that it was for the CM to decide on \"raj dharma\" (state duty) or maitri dharma (friendship ), in a veiled reference to Chavan's \"ties\" with Shiv Sena CEO Uddhav Thackeray.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "namakkal", "code": "17330942", "title": "Man arrested for killing mother", "text": "NAMAKKAL: A 27-year-old man was arrested on Thursday on charges of murdering his mother after she refused to give him money to buy alcohol.According to Tiruchengode town police, Paapaal, 55, a resident of Naripallam in Tiruchengode, was working as a sweeper with the Tirchengode government hospital. Her son P Selvakumar, 27, a compressor mechanic, was an alcoholic.He often picked up quarrels with her, demanding money for drinks. Five days ago, Selvakumar demanded money from his mother. When she refused, he attacked her in a fit of rage with wooden logs, wounding her head, and managed to escape from the house, police said. Paapaal succumbed to injuries late Wednesday night. Based on her statement, police arrested Selvakumar on Thursday. He was produced before the court and remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17333553", "title": "'Irandam Ulagam' in its last schedule", "text": "Selvaraghavan is in Hyderabad shooting for his ambitious Irandam Ulagam starring Arya along with Anushka Shetty. The movie is quickly approaching completion as the team has moved to Hyderabad for the final schedule.Selvaraghavan's wife Gitanjali Selva has tweeted - \"In Hyderabad with Lila and Selvaraghavan for the final schedule of Irandam Ulagam . I love the weather here and Lilly enjoying her first shoot.\"Irandam Ulagam is a period film and has been in the making for quite some time. While the music is by Harris Jayaraj the camera is handled by Ramji. \"Nothing beats the high of being on set. It is always an education to watch Selva sir and Ramji sir at work!\" she added.Being a period film the movie is sure have a lot of work in the post production table and the work with the added CG work will begin immediately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17329439", "title": "RTI panels headed by people who've been close to govt: Supreme Court", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Thursday said it had directed appointment of retired judges as heads of information commissions at the Centre and state level to ensure their independence as many were headed by persons who \"have been in the good books of government\".\"You will find the chief information commissioners, both at the Centre and state level, are persons who have been in the good books of the government. When these persons get appointed, and when information is sought mostly against the governments, you see the orders. They must act independently,\" a bench of Justices A K Patnaik and Swatanter Kumar said.\"If the Right to Information Act is to be given some meaning, then the authorities (information commissions) must be independent in letter and spirit. But if he (the head of the commission) is choosy about giving information on the persons who have appointed him, then it is meaningless,\" it said.It entertained the Union government's petition seeking review of its September 13 judgment but not before clarifying that the judgment was aimed to ensure independence of the commissions under the RTI Act and not to rehabilitate retired judges. It posted final hearing on the petition on November 29.The bench made no attempts to hide its disappointment at the \"unfair\" criticism of the judgment that it indirectly aimed to rehabilitate retired judges. In turn, the bench criticized appointment of \"government-friendly\" bureaucrats as heads of information commissions.Additional solicitor general A S Chandiok said as an officer of the court, he felt that \"time has come to say that there should be no rehabilitation of retired judges or bureaucrats\".But the bench was keen on expressing itself fully on the importance it attached to the independence of the information commissions. It felt that adjudication requests under RTI Act had many legal fallouts, requiring the heads of information commissions to have some legal background.\"These bodies have to be independent of the government and public authorities. The idea behind the judgment is not to rehabilitate chief justices of the high courts or Supreme Court judges. The idea is to bring in independence to these commissions. Unless you (the governments) have problem in appointing independent persons,\" the bench reiterated.When Chandiok said persons other than retired judges could also be independent, the bench said, \"But there appears to be a need for some legal background in addition to inherent requirement of independence of the top man. We are not concerned with the rehabilitation of Supreme Court or high court judges. We are concerned with independence of the information commissions.\"Rajasthan government's additional advocate general Manish Singhvi said the state has also challenged the September 13 judgment as it had made it difficult for the government to find retired judges to fill vacancies in the state information commission resulting in complete stoppage of work.The bench agreed to hear Singhvi on November 29 but said the September 13 judgment was to operate prospectively and it was wrong on the state government's part to create an erroneous impression that the judicial mandate had brought work of the information commission to a standstill.In the review petition, the Centre had pointed out the fallacies in the Supreme Court's judgment in Namit Sharma's case and said it was settled principle that the court could not direct the legislature to amend the law, the RTI Act, except where the law was silent on a particular subject.\"That is not the case here. Section 12(5) and 15(5) of the Act clearly lays down the norms relating to the qualification of chief information commissioner and information commissioners at the Centre and the state level respectively. Various directions given by the Supreme Court in paragraph 106 of the judgment are contrary to the provisions of the RTI Act,\" the petition said.The judgment had given a number of directions including asking the Centre and state governments to consult the Chief Justice of India or chief justice of the high court concerned while selecting retired judges for information commissions as chairpersons or members.\"The directions issued by the Supreme Court in paragraph 106 of the judgment are directly in the teeth of certain provisions of the RTI Act, 2005, thus rendering the smooth functioning of the Act unworkable,\" the Centre had said.In paragraph 106 of the judgment, authored by Justice Kumar for the bench, the court said, \"The chief information commissioner at the Centre or state level shall only be a person who is or has been a chief justice of the high court or a judge of the Supreme Court of India.\"dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17330901", "title": "Electric solar fences to enclose elephant camp", "text": "COIMBATORE: Solar electric fences will soon be erected around the annual vacation-cum-rejuvenation camp for temple elephants that is scheduled to take place near Vanabhadrakali Amman temple in Thekkumpatti near Mettupalayam. The decision was taken after forest authorities informed Hindu Religious and Charitable Endowments (HR&CE;) department that seasonal migration of wild elephants from Bandipur, Wayanad, Sathyamangalam and Mudumalai forests to the western forests of Coimbatore district has already begun. Thekkumpatti forms part of the migratory path of wild elephants during winter and forest officials are keen to avoid any disruption that may be caused by the wild elephants during the camp.\"The wild elephants have already started migrating. So we must protect the camp from possible attacks. The HR and CE minister M S M Anadan visited the camp site on Thursday and reiterated the need for solar fencing,'' said forest veterinarian N S Manoharan.Meanwhile, officials are considering the need to increase the width of the camp which is presently five acres. \"They are apprehensive the five acres would be inadequate, since more elephants will be participating in this camp. A decision in this regard would be taken by Friday evening,'' said an official.A 650m road for their morning and evening walks was ready by Thursday evening. Construction of the kitchen and accommodation facilities for mahouts and kavadis will begin on Friday. Five bathing ghats have been created in the Bhavani River for the visiting temple elephants. The animals will reach the camp on Sunday morning and rejuvenation activities will be launched on Monday and go on till January 12.During the 48-day camp, the animals will bathe twice a day. Food items based on raggi and rice varieties would be served apart from fodder. Ayurvedic treatment will be provided apart from the daily walk of five km in serene settings. The public can view the elephants from a distance of 500 metres during the camp.According to Manoharan, all the 43 participating elephants will get 20,000 kg fodder a day. This will be supplemented with 750 palmyra palms. An amount of Rs 1,60,000 would be spent on each participating elephant. The shelters for mahouts and kavadis and a kitchen complex would be ready in another six days. By choosing Mettuppalayam, temple elephants will no longer have to make the difficult journey in trucks to Theppakad on top of the Nilgiri hills through the winding ghat roads.The HR&CE; had decided to shift the camp to Thekkampatti due to the risk involved in transporting more than 45 temple elephants through the ghat sections to Theppakkad, in addition to the depleting water levels in the River Moyar.Apart from the salubrious climate and adequate fodder in the plains, Thekkampatti offers plenty of water from the upper Bhavani. The Mettuppalyam camp is easily accessible from Coimbatore, Salem, Erode and Sathyamangalam. Better road connectivity is another advantage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17332077", "title": "'Ghazal is linked to love &amp; pain'", "text": "RANCHI: He is only 20 but he was identified as a young Ghazal talent by none other than Lata mangeshkar , Ghulam Ali and late Jagjeet Singh.He has been singing Ghazals since he was four, and today, he has made a name for himself. This is This is none other than the state's own Ranjit Rajwada who shot to fame with Sa Re Ga Ma, the reality show.He was here on Thursday to perform and mesmerize the audience on the occasion of 12th anniversary of the assembly. On the sidelines of the programme, he said people link Ghazal and liquor but he had strong reservations against the concept.\"Ghazal in itself is a 'nasha' and comes from the heart and is associated with love and pain,\" he clarified.\"Lata taai (Lata Mangeshkar) once told me that I am the reincarnation of some artiste who learnt music and died a premature death without showcasing his talent so he take rebirth in my form,\" Rajwada said acknowledging that he too believes in her observation.The first ghazal that Rajwada sang was tumko dekha toh ye khayal aaya' at the age of four. He got Rajasthan Ratna at the age of eight. By the time he was 12, he came to Mumbai with his family. Hailing from a Rajwada family he inherited the art from his hotelier father Mahesh Rajwada who revived the family tradition of music after several generations.Brother of two, Rajwada is trying hard to strike a balance between academics and his pursuit for music. \"By Gods grace I have been maintaining level of my studies as I was in Israel performing for a show just two days ahead of my plus two finals but managed to secure 61%,\" he said.Having started career with the small screen Rajwada wants to venture into the tinsel town and hopes for the days of ghazal to revive. \"I am coming up with my first audio album in December following which another album based on my own compositions is in the pipeline but the love that i have obtained overseas makes me confident that I should continue with live shows,\" he said clarifying that final destination would be bollywood that easily reaches to the masses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17332860", "title": "Samantha loves 'Pizza'!", "text": "Samantha who has lately been the actress in demand after her success with 'Naan E' is eagerly waiting for the release of her film 'Neethane En Ponvasantham' directed by Gautham Menon. The pretty actress seem to have caught up with the films she had missed probably due to her tight schedule.Pizza', which released on Oct 19, opened to lukewarm response but gradually picked up business through word of mouth. Samantha has joined in support of the movie.Samantha tweeted- \"The most amazing film in a long time, Pizza. Edge of my seat every minute. Kudos to the director brilliant performance by Vijay.\"Samantha seems to have watched debutant Karthik Subbaraj's 'Pizza' starring Vijay Sethupathi alongside Remya Nambeesan and seem to have enjoyed the movie totally. She has words of praise and congratulated the team, and has also recommended that others go watch the film.\"Extraordinary music by Santhosh and brilliant cinematography...crazy crazy brilliance..so very happy to be part of this industry. Pizza, please watch the movie.\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17334048", "title": "Heritage cell declares Pushkar Kund for initial development", "text": "VARANASI: In the list of priority areas under Inclusive Heritage based City Development Programme ( IHCDP), Heritage cell of Varanasi Municipal Corporation (VMC) declared Pushkar Kund for the initial development.With soiled and coarse stairs, the Pushkar Kund is spread in an area of around six bigha land. The ancient pond is located adjacent to the Brahma temple (only Brahma temple in the country apart from one is Pushkar, Rajasthan) in Assi area of the city.Although, it is a mythologically significant and unique kund in the city, the sanitary conditions and the dilapidated state of the stairs revealed the apathy shown towards the pond.According to Ramyash Mishra, a local, who has been working for the renovation of the pond for many years, a huge amount of sewage waste is dumped into the pond despite its importance among the devotees. \"We made many complaints but no action was taken by VMC or the district administration.A massive cleanliness drive was taken out a few years ago, however, once again the pond has paved way for self germinating plants, jal kumbhis and non-bio degradable garbage,\" he informed.While the pond is used as a dumping ground, a handful of local natives were also found washing their clothes and utensils with detergent and pouring the waste water inside the pond. The mythological kund was the property of Rani Bhawani Trust and after reports of encroachments in the area in 2007, the local administration took control of the kund handing over the responsibility of maintenance to VNN.The VNN also came up with signboards and instructions for restrictions on encroachments and activities leading to unhygienic condition in the kund.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17328929", "title": "'Technology killed Cochin Stock Exchange'", "text": "KOCHI: The spread of very small aperture terminals (VSAT) of the National Stock Exchange (NSE) and the Bombay Stock Exchange ( BSE ) spelled the doom of regional stock exchanges like Cochin Stock Exchange, said veterans in the field.\"By 1996 - 97, Acumen Capital Market (India) Ltd (originally Peninsular Capital) had 100 VSAT terminals in Kerala,\" said P R Aravindakshan Nair, director of Acumen Capital. \"It was easy to set up terminals even in remote villages like Murikkassery, Adimaly or Munnar. This enabled villagers to trade on the NSE, and slowly the importance of regional stock exchanges faded away\" he observed. C J George, MD of Geojit BNP Paribas also shared a similar view, and added that the NSE offered better technology, trading and settlement system to the traders. \"The NSE came out with the most transparent system,\" he said.However, \"regional exchanges and traders have contributed to the development of an equity culture in the country,\" he noted. \"Cochin Stock Exchange had 500 brokers, and now many of them have disappeared as the volume in regional exchanges has dried up,\" he said. At the height of the popularity of regional stock exchange, there was a plan to open one in Thiruvananthapuram, George added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13598028", "title": "Arpita introduced Sneha to Salman", "text": "We all have seen Aishwarya Rai's look alike Sneha Ullal with Salman Khan in Lucky. But have you ever wondered where did he find her?Well, it's not a big secret. Sneha did her graduation from Vartak College in Mumbai. It is here that she met Arpita Khan. Their friendship led to a chance where she met Salman Khan and he immediately selected her for 'Lucky'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17328623", "title": "Sahani murder judgment deferred till December 4", "text": "PUNE: A special court here on Thursday deferred the judgment in the Sagar Sahani murder case till December 4. Eleven accused have been facing trial in the case.Twenty-two-year-old Sagar, son of businessman Satinder Sahani of Yamunanagar in Nigdi, was kidnapped on August 14, 2005. He was allegedly murdered on August 24, a day after the family had paid a Rs 15 lakh ransom in Mumbai after negotiating with Dubai-based gangster Aabid Ali. Sagar's body was found on the Mumbai-Vapi highway on August 26.The crime branch had arrested 15 of the 16 suspects. The trial began against 11 suspects on June 21, 2011, and one of them, Shantilal Modha, who was released on bail, passed away.Another suspect, Narayanbhai Govindbhai Jameriya (50) of Bodh village in Porbunder had turned approver. Jameriya, a driver, had played a key role in the crime. He gave a confessional statement in 2010.One of the hawala operators, Shamshuddin Mohammad Kunni (36) of Kerala, has been absconding ever since he was released on bail on medical grounds in 2007.The judge had separated the trial against Aabid Ali as he was in a jail in Hyderabad. The prosecution had earlier made attempts to seek Ali's custody, but in vain.The trial against Ali will commence after his custody is handed over to the Pune police.A red corner notice has been issued against the 16th suspect, Vicky alias Aftab Alam Mohammad Ayub, who is reportedly based in Sharjah.The prosecution has examined 56 witnesses in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17330157", "title": "Pi, Parker and Lee reel in film buffs", "text": "BANGALORE: Namma Bangalore is besotted with Richard Parker.Perhaps it's because the city's lads play prominent roles in the 'Life of Pi'. Ang Lee's film which opens Friday is drawing Bangaloreans by the droves to the adventure fable of an Indian boy Piscine Molitor ('Pi'), his 227 days at sea with Royal Bengal tiger Parker and a hyena for company.Cinema halls, multiplexes and the8at res have been flooded with calls about ticket availability once advance booking started on Thursday morning. \"We've been getting a lot of calls soon after we started ticket sales,\" said an official of Vision Cinema.A PVR official said over 700 tickets had been sold for Friday. Gopalan Cinemas, which has four multiplexes in the city, also saw a surge in sales. Gopalan Arcade Mall, which will screen three shows from Friday, sold 120 tickets by the afternoon. An official said its three other multiplexes also saw a similar for tickets.Standalone theatres such as Rex also had the same story to tell. \"From the enquiries we've been getting, we feel the film is attracting a lot of interest here,\" said an official.So, what's got the audiences flocking to it? \"I loved the book by Yann Martel. The film looks exciting as it's got a certain spiritual vibe,\" said Anjan Jayasimha, a 28-year-old corporate communication executive. \"I also want to see if Ang Lee has stayed with the book's plot,\" he said.For many, director Ang Lee, whose earlier movies include 'Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon', 'Hulk', and 'Brokeback Mountain', is the main attraction. His previous movie, 'Taking Woodstock', was a comedy-drama abo8ut the 1969 Woodstock Festival.\"I've been waiting for this movie ever since it was announced and with Ang Lee's deft touch, I'm sure I won't be disappointed,\" said Nehal Firdous, 26-year-old ad executive.For o thers, the visual effects are compelling. \"It's going to be a huge hit. I loved the book. An adventure from a child's point of view, a Royal Bengal tiger, and a master director - it's a formula that can't go wrong,\" says 25-year-old Tony Xavier, a network engineer, who's all set to see it this evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17333748", "title": "Urban heritage to develop culturally vibrant cities stressed", "text": "VARANASI: A new approach of development is being adopted in culturally vibrant cities of the country for conservation and protection of places and sites of historical and heritage importance. Varanasi is one such city having most of the components of cultural importance.In this new approach, the role of urban heritage in distributing the benefits of urbanization is being highlighted. A day-long brainstorming session was held in the city on Wednesday to discuss 'inclusive heritage-based city development programme'. The session was organised by Varanasi Municipal Corporation, in association with the CEPT University, Ahmedabad and Cities Alliance.An exercise has been started to prepare a project report for Varanasi, additional municipal commissioner Sachchidanand Singh said. CEPT University is providing technical support. According to a report of the university, historic buildings, traditional neighbourhoods, historical housing stocks and streetscapes, cultural practices and traditional crafts are socially valuable endowments with vast development potential.Provided that the built and intangible patrimony is properly valued, promoted and managed, it can generate lasting benefits to communities and cities in general, with opportunities to improve the living conditions of residents, rehabilitate real estate assets, promote the use of clearer technologies and adaptive reuse of buildings, it added. The report states that economically, cities that have undergone regeneration of historic districts containing significant ensembles of cultural heritage often became more competitive in attracting new investments and have expanded the knowledge base and institutional capacity.Moreover, for most cities struggling to deal with growth of poverty and lack of economic opportunities, heritage conservation works have demonstrated to be a reliable source of sustainable job creation.Recent studies suggest that rehabilitation of historic urban cores and the buildings is labour intensive and creates about 50% more jobs than new construction. The use of traditional construction material and techniques also implies the purchase of local goods and services and more extensive circulation of money in the local economy than is the case with new construction.Socially, the centrality offered historic urban cores provides an excellent location for small businesses and high-value-added creative industries which tend to attract traditional craftsmen and young entrepreneurs.These activities often lend cultural appeal and generate economic vitality in the neighbourhood, thereby creating additional livelihood opportunities and mitigating problems associated with urbanization such as crime and violence.Spatially, experience shows that heritage provides identity of a place and can inspire new urban development pattern, refocusing growth toward central and inner areas by working toward revitalization, rather than high cost green-field projects in undeveloped rural areas and urban periphery. Retrofitting existing dwellings also reduces environmental impacts as it generates less waste from demolition debris and its transportation to landfills, as well as a trend found among architects and builders in the reuse of construction components with significant cost-effectiveness.The design of more compact cities also increases energy efficiency, reduces travel time and improves affordability for services. The report further says that within the rural-urban transition, Indian historic urban cores are at a turning point.As thriving economic hubs, historic cores usually represent one of the first places in which an array of diverse people converge and merge in search of temporary or permanent employment. Historic cores have also become one of the few available choices for the poor to live affordably close to employment.The Walled City of Delhi has been recently classified as a slum by the Slum Areas Act, since its building are unfit for human habitation and detrimental to safety and health due to dilapidation, overcrowding, and lack of ventilation, light and sanitation facilities.Moreover, some of the greatest assets in archaeological, historical and living cultural heritage are now surrounded by slums or some of the poorest urban settlements of the country. In Tajganj, Agra, more than 20 slums are located close to the emblematic Taj Mahal - India's premier tourist destination.The situation in Varanasi is also disappointing in the context of slum areas. According to the city development plan prepared under Jawaharlal Nehru Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM), Varanasi has 227 slums spread all over the city, either on government or private lands having over 37% of the total population.The population in the slums varies from 200 to almost 9,000 people with varied densities. Rapid growth of slums in Varanasi has put a lot of pressure on the existing land resources and infrastructure and has led to deterioration of its physical environment.Although slums are spread all over the city but major concentration can be found in the old city area near the ghats, areas near small-scale industries (as a high percentage of slum dwellers are weavers working in handloom industry) as well as in the Rajghat area. The main factor attributing to this concentration is proximity to work place. In case of the old city area, the employment generation due to religious and tourist traffic and in case of Rajghat area, the availability of open land has led to indiscriminate squatting. The slum concentration in these areas has not only led to poor living conditions for the slum dwellers but is also responsible for the general deterioration of the living environment of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17330447", "title": "Government will announce new textile policy by March: Ashok Gehlot", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government will come out with a new textile policy by March 31 to give a fillip to the sector, chief minister Ashok Gehlot said here on Thursday during the inauguration of Vastra-2012.\"Textile industry is one of the key segments of the state's economy. It employs a large number of people. The policy will play an important role in making the industry more competitive. The government will implement it by March 31 next year,\" Gehlot said.He said the sector is facing headwinds from the slowdown in the developed economies and events like Vastra-2012 is expected not only to create momentum but also open up new markets for the exporters.Out of the 350 international buyers who are visiting the fair, many of them have come from non-traditional markets apart from the major export destinations like the US and European countries, said RIICO MD Naveen Mahajan.The sub-committee headed by industries commissioner has prepared the draft of the textile policy after talking to industry associations and other stakeholders, said Sunil Arora, principal secretary, industries.Besides the accent on a progressive strategy offering attractive incentives to the investors, the policy would give priority to skill development and boosting exports, industries minister Rajendra Pareek said. Jointly organized by RIICO and FICCI, and pitched as 'Fibre to Fashion', the business-to-business fair saw the participation of 175 exhibitors representing the whole spectrum of the value chain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17329860", "title": "Govt sounds high alert to foil Lashkar strike", "text": "NEW DELHI: The security establishment is on a state of high alert over likely retaliatory strikes by Pakistan-based Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) in the wake of 26/11 convict Ajmal Kasab being hanged at Pune's Yerwada Central Jail on Wednesday.The caution is partly on expected lines as LeT was behind the Mumbai attacks that left 166 dead but there is added urgency in the light of inputs the government has processed as it reviews the likely fallout of Kasab's hanging. States have been asked to step up vigilance while central agencies look out for tell-tale signs of terror activity.The alert is high in Maharashtra with both central and state sources said adequate measures have been taken to bolster security given that Kasab was held in captivity in Mumbai. Besides, Mumbai and Pune have been particularly vulnerable to terrorist attacks even after 26/11. Mumbai has been attacked once, and Pune twice.Reports of an unnamed LeT commander claiming that Kasab was a \"hero\" who will inspire others have not surprised the government that is aware that the terror group with its well entrenched network could choose to signal to its adherents that it will not be cowed by India's decisive action.However, there are factors that might weigh with the Lashkar leadership and perhaps persuade it to put off attempts to seek vengeance for Kasab's death. Any immediate action will only serve to strengthen India's case that the group planned and executed the assault on Mumbai and is the chief terror threat in the region.An immediate strike will also fly in the face of Lashkar chief Hafiz Saeed's recent interview to an American TV channel denying any role in the Mumbai carnage and in fact claiming that he is opposed to such violence. His almost frantic appeal that his claim of innocence be heeded intrigued observers even though dissimulation is a common place tactic.Some feel that the $10 million \"bounty\" placed on him by the US rewards for justice programme - he was named a terror threat under a UN resolution some time back - is also preying on the LeT boss's mind. Combined with pressure from the Pakistan military not to rake up Mumbai afresh, LeT could have to keep a low-profile for now.Nothing prevents LeT from activating proxies and since any calculus regarding the group is fraught with uncertainties, the government is taking no chances. The bland reaction of Pakistan and it continued foot-dragging over checking terrorism against India have not boosted New Delhi's confidence either.Pakistani interior Rehman Malik's visit - rescheduled due to the impending hanging of Kasab although the official reason was Parliament related engagements - will give home minister Sushil Shinde an opportunity to press home concern over the slow pace of the trial of 26/11 accused and the free run given to Saeed.Along with a terror lookout, the government is keeping watch on trouble makers who could be out to indulge in mischief. The death of Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray has passed off without incidents so far, but security agencies warn of elements who are out to offer provocation.The home ministry is taking some pride in having pulled off the Kasab operation with total secrecy. The Centre's chief concern was that should news of the hanging have leaked, groups fronting for terror outfits and activists could rush to file legal challenges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17329976", "title": "Cop mowed down by car", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Delhi police head constable was killed after his bike was hit by a speeding vehicle in east Delhi on Thursday, police said.The errant driver has been arrested. Lokender Singh (50) was hit by a car at 7.30 am when he had left his house to join duty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "17331095", "title": "Speeding car crashes into wall in Porvorim, no FIR yet", "text": "PORVORIM: An Andhra Pradesh-registered car, driven in a rash and negligent manner, rammed into the wall of a public garden at Porvorim at 1am on Thursday, damaging an electricity pole and plunging the area into darkness.While the car's occupants escaped unhurt, the impact was such that the car suffered extensive damage with pieces of it flying in different directions. The thud was heard over a hundred metres away.While the accident report recorded by the Porvorim police has only the name of the driver, Suresh Nandivelugu of Guntur, Andhra Pradesh , the police were unable to tell TOI how many people were present in the car at the time of the crash. People who gathered at the site after the crash said that the car driver was employed with a bank in Goa.With the onset of the tourist season, Porvorim residents as well as motorists raised fears that lives of road users, especially two-wheeler riders and pedestrians, were at risk with several instances of drunk tourists driving their vehicles in a rash manner on Goan roads.When TOI asked the Porvorim police on Thursday why no alcohol test was conducted on the car driver, head constable Ulhas Narvekar replied, \"They weren't drunk, there was no smell (of alcohol).\"Porvorim police were also not forthcoming with any information with regard to the accident. Asked whether the FIR was registered, a police official said, \"FIRs are not filed when there are no injuries.\"PI Rahul Parab, though, promised that the case would be looked into. \"I will check the legality and take action,\" he said. When asked which specific sections of law would apply, he replied, \"Please trust the police.\"TOI queried SP (traffic) Vishram Borkar whether Goa's traffic police will be asked to use alcometres to curb drunken driving this tourism season, to which he replied \"That is the duty of the respective police station.\" Borkar said that traffic personnel were deployed and extra arrangements have been made for the tourism season.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17328438", "title": "Indian shuttlers fall in a heap", "text": "HYDERABAD: The entire Indian contingent, including star performer Saina Nehwal, came a cropper in the second round of the Yonex Sunrise Hong Kong Open Super Series on Thursday. Incidentally, this is Saina's third second round exit this year.The world No.3 lost to former world champion Wang Lin of China in straight games, 19-21, 15-21. In the men's singles Ajay Jayaram went down fighting against world No.1 Lee Chong Wei of Malaysia 18-21, 19-21 and Parupalli Kashyap retired midway through the first game against Tommy Sugiarto of Indonesia. Kashyap was trailing 6-11 when he complained of a muscle strain in the abdomen.Men's doubles pair of Akshay Dewalkar and Pranaav Chopra gave a scare to Chinese second seeds Yan Cai and Haifeng Fu before losing 21-23, 21-19, 6-21. The Indians forced the Chinese to save a match point in the first game, won the second game in a stunning manner before running out of gas in the third.Commonwealth Games gold medallist in women's doubles, Ashwini Ponnappa finally tasted victory with her new partner Pradnya Gadre in the first round late on Wednesday. However, her joy was short-lived as the duo suffered a straight-game loss, 17-21, 18-21, in the second round against Duanganong Aroonkesorn and Kunchala Voravichitchaikul of Thailand. In mixed doubles, Pranaav Chopra and Sikki Reddy failed to measure up to top seeds Chen Xu and Jin Ma of China 16-21, 10-21.Saina's loss was the biggest shock of the day. For, Lin, the 2010 world champion, was still in the recovery process from the knee surgery she had undergone in two years ago. The day's victory against Saina Nehwal is her best so far this year.Saina looked well on course, leading 16-13 in the first game, but Lin fought back and moved ahead of the Indian with a four-point burst. Saina never recovered after that and in the second game she hardly gave a fight. Lin opened up with a 6-1 lead and widened the margin to 18-8 before clinching the issue at 21-15.Jayaram gave a tough fight to Wei but the Malaysian ace won the big points towards the end.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17330271", "title": "Fleece brigade preys on air passengers", "text": "KOLKATA: Kolkata may have fewer planes on the roster than Delhi and Mumbai but comes up tops in chaos at the arrival gates.\"Come with me. I have a taxi. Where do you want to go?\" a scraggy-bearded man demanded of Australian social worker Dorothy as soon as she stepped out. In seconds, several others swarmed her, some demanding Rs 1,500 for the 20-km ride to the Missionaries of Charity and a few offering Rs 100 'discount'. They yanked at her stroller bag and even pulled by her arm.\"It was maddening,\" said a terrified Dorothy. She has come here to do voluntary service but was so shaken that she wanted to fly out immediately. \"I felt like a hostage. I knew they were out to fleece me but could do nothing. Even arriving in Lagos, Nigeria, I felt safer,\" she said.At the international terminal, elderly couple Arati and T K Mukherjee were accosted by touts and cabbies who demanded Rs 300-500 for a ride to Salt Lake. \"How can these men gain access to the airport? Why don't the authorities crack down on them? At no other airport will you find people waiting to fleece you so brazenly,\" said Arati.The scene outside the international terminal gets murkier at night when bigger carriers arrive. That's when the men grab trolleys from unsuspecting passengers and then demand $5-8 for the service.While police control over taxi booths means that unions can collude with them to fleece passengers, the touts have found a way to continue their operations. At the domestic terminal, passengers from the north-east make easy prey.Bidyarani from Manipur, a first-timer in the city, walked straight into the clutches of touts. Though she tried to brush them off, they stuck like leeches. Finally, a policeman intervened. It's only when she reached the taxi booth that she learnt she had pay for the ride before exiting the terminal. Back she went with her luggage. \"Why can't they issue pre-paid slips at the taxi stand?\" she wondered.That's not the end of the troubles. Even after passengers get the taxi number endorsed, it is difficult to spot the taxi. That is where slippery characters step in and offer 'help' as though they were drivers. \"I had to pay Rs 50 to a man who simply showed me the cab, 10 metres away. I had assumed he was the driver,\" said Mumbaiker Arvind Agarwal.Police admit that around 20 touts operate in shifts at the two terminals. \"We drive them away but they return. Most of them are locals and have been hanging around the airport, making small money for years. There's a network of around 150 white Ambassador cars that operate as private taxis. The owners employ these men, who also enjoy political backing.,\" said a police man.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17331458", "title": "Krishna Phase-III : Water Board shortlists bidders", "text": "HYDERABAD: Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;) on Thursday opened both technical and financial bids for taking up the Krishna Phase-III project and short-listed firms which filed lowest bid amounts. The Water Board had floated tenders to take up works for the proposed drinking water supply project under 10 packages. For package-I , two firms filed tenders, but KCCL-SMCIHP (joint venture) quoted lowest amount, while the tender evaluation is still under process for package-II .For package-III M/s BRCCPL-TAINFRA-RVR (JV) quoted lowest bids and for package-IV M/s IHPVISHWA (JV) quoted lowest bids. For package-V all firms were disqualified and the Water Board decided to go for re-tender . For package-VI M/s MEIL-SMC-SNT (JV), package-VII M/s SSCCMR , VIII M/s MEL-KBL , package-IX and package-X M/s MEL-KCCL (JV) filed lowest bids.\"We have sent the shortlisted bids to the municipal administration and urban development (MA&UD;) department for final approval. Once, the government gives the green signal, works will be taken up after signing the necessary agreements with the firms,\"a senior HMWS&SB; official told TOI. The Water Board will spend Rs 1,670 crore for the drinking water project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17330204", "title": "KPTC dismisses 270 contract employees", "text": "BANGALORE: About 270 contract junior engineers and assistant engineers with the Karnataka Power Transmission Corporation Ltd (KPTC) across the state were retrenched on Wednesday. A member of the KPTC employees' union confirmed this and said the union is mobilizing the sacked workers to press for reinstatement.S Selva Kumar, managing director, KPTC, s aid: \"They were demanding their jobs be regularized which wasn't possible. So, we had to order termination of services. They moved the high co8urt and got the retrenchment stayed on Thursday.\"Union secretary M Nagaraj said the order was on a contempt petition against an energy departm8ent bureaucrat and the case will be heard in the high court on Friday. Union sources said contract employees were demanding regularization as the8re was no job security. They were only paid between Rs 4,000 and Rs 6,000 a month,\" the sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17324330", "title": "Samsung to launch flexible mobile displays", "text": "South Korean manufacturer Samsung is ready to begin mass production of smartphones with bendable screens, which will make the devices thinner, lighter and unbreakable.This was revealed in a report by Wall Street Journal , which said that the company is currently in the last stages of developing these display panels, which make use of plastic, instead of glass. Samsung will continue to use its OLED display technology in these flexible display panels, but the use of plastic instead of glass will make the panels lighter, but more resilient.The report also said that these panels will be showcased in the first half of 2013. Lee Chang-Hoon, the vice president of Samsung's display division, said that the South Korean manufacturer is presently testing the new displays with a small group of consumers. However, it is yet to be revealed when Samsung will launch the first devices with this bendable, flexible display. The company also refused to state how much it spent in developing this display technology.Such bendable display panels are not new, but their mass production is a major breakthrough. LG and Sony have previously showcased their own flexible display panels, but were unable to bring them into mainstream production for bulk sales. Apple's recently launched iPhone 5 has in-cell screen touch sensors embedded in the LCD panel itself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17330761", "title": "Men who wear pink shirts earn more than their peers: Study", "text": "LONDON: Pink is the colour of a man! Men who wear pink colour shirts to work earn \u00c2\u00a31,000 more per year than those who favour traditional colours such as white or blue, a new UK study has found.Researchers also found men who wear pink are more likely to get compliments from female colleagues and are more confident characters in their office.A poll of 1,500 male office workers found a typical pink shirt wearer earns \u00c2\u00a31,000 more a year, the 'Daily Mail' reported.One in four men feels more attractive in a pink shirt and those who frequently wear purple or lilac have the most office romances, while those who prefer blue have the least.The research also found that men who wear pink are also twice as likely to have a Master's degree. \"Pink is a colour more men have been embracing recently and it's encouraging that they are not afraid to experiment with brighter colours,\" said Stephanie Thiers-Ratcliffe , marketing manager for Cotton USA. It also found men who favour green shirts are most likely to be late for work, while white shirt wearers are the most punctual. And if you are trying for a promotion then it's best to dress in a purple shirt, the survey found.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17329413", "title": "Rail fracture disrupts Central Railway services", "text": "MUMBAI: A rail fracture near Wadala Road station disrupted Central Railway's harbour line services during the morning rush hour. In all, 36 services were cancelled.The fracture was spotted by the motorman of a Vashi-bound local after 8.45am. immediately, a caution order was issued to motormen, limiting train speeds to 10 kmph in the stretch containing the affected rail.A CR spokesperson said, \"A special block of track had to be taken to the spot to rectify the fault. Trains began running at normal speed from 11.15am onwards.\"During the affected period, the Kurla, Wadala and Sewri stations became overcrowded.Chembur resident Rajesh Nambiar said, \"There was total chaos at the stations because of train delays during the morning. It took me 90 minutes to reach CST, instead of the usual 40 minutes.\"Some commuters took the road to Kurla or Dadar to catch main line trains. Vashi-resident Paramjit Sandhu said, \"My train did not move for than 25 minutes after crossing Chunabhatti station. I, along with a few commuters, walked back to the station and boarded a train in the down direction to go back and take a main-line train.\"Chembur-resident Priya Sen said, \"I have decided to stop travelling by harbour line as this is the second time I got stuck due to some fault in the network. Instead of boarding a train from Chembur, I would rather take a bus to Kurla to board a main-line train.\"A CR official said that even a minor failure on the harbour line can aggravate problems \"because of the constraints in the system\". \"Unlike Western Railway or CR's main line, that have four lines, harbour has only two corridors. In case of a disruption, trains cannot be diverted, as is done in WR or CR, where trains switch to fast or slow corridors.\"However, commuters are not convinced with the explanation. Sharad Kamble, a commuter from Govandi said, \"It means that intensive maintenance is the need of the hours. Railways should also make use of modern technology to identify and replace the faults before it can be a cause of failure.\"However, Railway official said, \"Regular check are undertaken during the mega blocks .However, nobody can 100 per cent anticipate such incidents in advance. Rail fractures are common the railway network across the country.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17329879", "title": "Medico asked to pay 8 thousand in auction to get back own bike", "text": "CHENNAI: A 26-year-old Madras Medical College student of cardiology is now in a spot. M Saravanan, whose bike was stolen from the college in January and recovered from an arrack peddler in Tiruvallur in March, has been asked to buy it back for 8,000 in an auction.After Saravanan lost the bike, he lodged a complaint with the Flower Bazaar police who promised to find it but didn't register a case. Later, he received a call from prohibition enforcement wing officials in Tiruvallur saying the bike was in their custody.He went there and showed all the documents related to the vehicle to the officials who confirmed the Hero Honda Splendour (TN 10 Q 3125) was his. However, it had been included in the property seized from the arrested arrack peddler, and was the court's property till the case was disposed. The officials said it would be auctioned and he would have to pay 8,000 to get it back.Saravanan confirmed this and said, \"As I didn't have the FIR in the complaint filed before the Flower Bazaar police, the officials refused to return the bike. I approached the police again but the case is delayed.\"A couple of days ago, the matter was brought to the notice of a senior police officer who told the Flower Bazaar police to issue an FIR to help Saravanan retrieve his bike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17328741", "title": "Equipment for prenatal diagnosis of sickle cell at IGMCH kept idle", "text": "NAGPUR: Despite being equipped with high-end machinery required to conduct prenatal diagnosis of sickle cell disease, the Indira Gandhi Government Medical College and Hospital (IGMCH) has kept them unused. An RTI query has revealed that since 2001, the hospital purchased many of these equipment, the latest being in 2009-10. As per the reply filed under RTI, the last big purchase by the hospital was for Rs3,79,460. A year earlier, machinery worth Rs3,55,777 was procured.The region badly needs the prenatal testing facility after the shut down of the service earlier available at the Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH). \"With no separate laboratory for sickle cell testing at IGMCH, it is difficult to understand the reason behind purchasing the costly equipment. Also the list of items purchased has things like computers, projectors, printers and refrigerators,\" said Sampat Ramteke, president of Sickle Cell Society of India, who had filed the RTI query.Ramteke also said that there was no coordination among the various government agencies like National Rural Health Mission, Directorate of Medical Education and Research and Deputy Director of Health Services that take decisions related to sickle cell disease control programme.Sources from IGMCH, however, said that the job of screening should actually be done by primary health centres and not the tertiary ones like theirs. \"A sickle cell unit is running in the hospital since last 14 years. However, it has no designated staff. The services were offered at GMCH as a part of the ICMR project but we don't have any such projects,\" said the source.The source also pointed out that the unit had organized several camps for prenatal sickle cell detection. \"In fact, the detection rate at these camps is among the highest in the state in a government set-up. We also have a tie-up with a private laboratory from the city where we send the patients when required,\" said the source.Despite repeated attempts, the officials of the hospital concerned could not be contacted for comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17330754", "title": "Children's festival begins in Bikaner", "text": "JAIPUR: The 13th international `Bal Anand Mahotsav' began in Bikaner on Thursday. Director of Rashtriya Yuva Yojana S N Subbarao, under whom the festival is being organized said that the theme this year is peace.He said the participating children will spread the message of peace among people. He added that children from not only the Indian states, but also from other countries like Sri Lanka, Nepal, Bangladesh and Armenia are attending the mahotsav which will continue till November 28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17328868", "title": "Airport road bad, MIL promises repairs soon", "text": "NAGPUR: The road leading to Nagpur airport from Wardha road was once considered one of the best in the city. The clean, smooth road was a matter of pride for the citizens of Nagpur. Today, driving on that road needs extra caution. It has become grainy and it can be very easy for a vehicle, especially a two-wheeler to slip. Though there are no potholes on the road yet, there are some depressions that might prove tricky.The road belongs to airport operator MIHAN India Limited (MIL) that is also responsible for maintaining it. The chairman of NMC Laxmi Nagar zone, under which the airport comes, said that though the corporation was not responsible for maintaining the road they cleaned it whenever needed.A senior official of MIL, who did not want to be named, said company was aware of the condition of the road and had already begun efforts to mend it. \"Though it comes under us we have requested the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) to recarpet it,\" he said. He further said that the NMC had agreed and the estimate for the work was being prepared. \"We will have to sign a MOU with NMC. We have already sent the draft to the corporation, we want to get the work done as soon as possible,\" the official said.NMC standing committee chairman Dayashankar Tiwari confirmed the receipt of a file regarding the airport road and said that the repairs will be done soon. \"We want to finish making the road before the winter session of the Legislative Assembly. Prime Minister's visit might also be due. To speed up the process we are remaking the road through our own hot mix plant,\" he said. He also informed that the NMC will take over the maintenance of the road from MIL.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "17330784", "title": "Ajmer univ students lock V-C chamber", "text": "AJMER: The students of Maharishi Dayanand Saraswati University (MDS), Ajmer on Thursday locked the vice-chancellor chamber here and protested demanding scholarships and free coaching for reserved category students. They also burnt the prospectus of the university. Vice-chancellor Roop Singh Bareth was in Jaipur that time. The students gave a memorandum to the chief proctor regarding their demands. Police was called in the campus to manage the situation.The students union members gathered at the main gate of the university and started shouting slogans against the vice-chancellor. They marched toward the VC secretariat and went inside the VC chamber. On being informed that the VC was in Jaipur for a meeting the union president Mohit Jain sat on the VC's chair. Students began shouting slogans. The students also locked the secretariat so that no employee could go inside the office. \"They have written about scholarship in the university prospectus but have not given it to any student for last five years,\" said the students union president. tnnHe added that the Central government has sanctioned a budget of Rs 25 lakh to provide free coaching to ST, SC and OBC students for IAS and other competitive exams but the university is not providing any such facilities.The students threatened that if their demands are not fulfilled soon they would force the university to close its campus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17334190", "title": "Suri, Cruise celebrate Thanksgiving together", "text": "Actor Tom Cruise met his daughter Suri after a long time to celebrate Thanksgiving together.Suri has been living in New York with her mother Katie Holmes since her parents divorced earlier this year and hasn't seen her father since July as he has been filming \"All You Need Is Kill\" in London.Suri reportedly flew down here to spend the holiday with Cruise, reports dailymail.co.uk.She reportedly left New York Nov 20 to meet Cruise. Meanwhile, Holmes has gone to her home town of Ohio, US.Cruise and Holmes ended their five-year-old marriage in August this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17332782", "title": "Corporators disagree with population list", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: City corporators are up in arms against the State Election Commission's decision to consider the 2001 census as a yardstick to hold the forthcoming ULB (urban local body) elections, scheduled in the end of 2013.With the final population figure of 2011 census likely to be notified in January 2013 and ULB polls still months away, the corporators demanded the state government to consider the soon-to-be published updated census instead of the 2001 population.\"Since election dates have not been finalized, the government should not hastily take the 2001 census into account,\" said Sheikh Nizamuddin, a corporator (ward no-36). \"The corporation council has unanimously rejected the 2001 census yardstick and urged the government to consider updated 2011 census,\" Umanath Mishra, another corporator (ward no-22) said.Corporator Nrupesh Nayak said the 2011 census should be taken into account to give justice to all the citizens of Bhubaneswar and sustainable growth of the city.Commissioner of Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation Sanjib Mishra said he on Thursday sent a proposal to the state government placing the demand on the corporators. \"If the government agrees to wait till the publication of 2011 final census report, whose provisional population stood at nearly 8.37 lakh, we have to create eight new wards,\" Mishra said. The 2001 census has put the population at 648,000 in Bhubaneswar. The city has altogether 60 wards now.For the ensuing elections, 19 wards have been identified as unreserved, three wards reserved for SC (women), two for ST (women), eight for OBC (women), three for SC (women), 17 for women, one for ST and eight seats reserved for OBC. The reservation of seats is carried out in rotation basis. As per rotation policy, reservation of seats is done on descending order of population. The validity of reserved wards lasts for two consecutive years.But the corporators have sought non-application of rotation system. \"Since for the first time the government reserved 50% seats for women and certain new amendments have been incorporated in the laws of Odisha Municipal Act, the corporators demanded to start the reservation process afresh, instead of the rotation policy,\" Mishra said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17330076", "title": "Tension in Madannapet after residents protest against theft", "text": "HYDERABAD: Slight tension prevailed in Madannapet area on Thursday after some miscreants broke into a medical clinic and made away with valuable diagnostic equipment. The incident came to light when Dr M Vijayananda returned to the clinic in the morning.On being unable to locate the equipment, Vijayananda enquired with the locals. Soon a crowd gathered near the clinic and staged a demonstration demanding immediate action. They later blocked Saidabad main road and disrupted traffic movement in the area. Corporators of TDP and BJP arrived at the scene. Sensing trouble, additional police force was pressed into service.People alleged that rowdy elements in the area have been repeatedly harassing them with a court order pertaining to private property. \"Some people are forcibly evicting the poor with the help of the local police though the matter relating to property is pending in court\" alleged a local. The Madannapet police registered a case against the unknown persons under Section 380 IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "ujjain", "code": "17332376", "title": "Patwari caught for accepting Rs 10,000 bribe", "text": "UJJAIN: The Special Establishment of Lokayukt police on Thursday caught a patwari red-handed while accepting a bribe of Rs 10,000 for change of land ownership.According to sources, applicant Dinesh, resident of Jaithal village had approached the Lokayukt police complaining that patwari Gopal Chorasia is demanding Rs 25,000 to change land title in his name.The sleuths sent him to the patwari to bargain and also provided him a tape recorder to record the conversation. The deal was settled for Rs 20,000. When Chorasia was accepting part of money at his Awantipura house, sleuths swooped and recovered chemical-coated currency notes.Lokayukt DSP O P Sagoria said a case has been registered and the patwari was released on surety.Chorasia is also president of the patwari sangh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17331299", "title": "HC lifts stay on Kanjurmarg dumping", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Thursday vacated its stay on the BMC from dumping waste and debris at the Kanjurmarg landfill. The court was hearing a PIL filed by NGO Vanashakti. A the last hearing, the HC while granting an interim stay had directed the BMC to file an affidavit to respond to the allegations that it was dumping garbage in violation of rules.The BMC filed an affidavit pointing out that the apex court had approved the plan for the Kanjurmarg dumping ground and the project had already received environmental nod. Mumbai generates over 6,500 metric tonnes of garbage daily, of which 4,000 metric tonnes are sent to the Deonar dumping ground while the remaining goes to Mulund.The BMC is in the process of closing the 80-year-old Deonar dumping ground and a new landfill is being set up at Kanjurmarg. The Kanjurmarg dumping site is spread across 142 hectares and the landfill is being set up on 66 hectares. A bio-reactor plant has also been set up. At present , around 200 metric tonnes of garbage is dumped at Kanjurmarg land fill.According to the petitioners , the BMC was violating the Municipal Sold Waste Rules and the Maharashtra Pollution Control Board had sent notices to the corporation as there was \"no provision to treat effluents and no gas trapping and leachate collection system\" . The matter will be heard on December 10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17330332", "title": "Affiliation for Alagiri's engineering college still hangs in balance", "text": "MADURAI: The additional advocate general (AAG) of the state on Thursday cited the Supreme Court's judgment that safety is the fundamental right of the students, and it should be ensured by the government. Presenting his arguments before the Madurai bench of the Madras high court in the case related to Dhaya College of Engineering, owned by the M K Alagiri Educational Trust, the AAG said the institution could not admit students because it failed to get affiliation from the Anna University.He said that even though the college management managed to obtain the All India Council of Technical Education's (AICTE) approval on May 10 this year, it was not able to get affiliation from Anna University, which is the body granting affiliation to engineering colleges across the state. The varsity had rejected the affiliation on three grounds - insufficient books in the library, inadequate bus facility and setting up canteen adjacent to class rooms.After rectifying the above deficiencies, the college submitted a representation to the university authorities seeking affiliation. But, it was again refused on the grounds that the college management did not produce three essential certificates pertaining to students' safety.Aggrieved by this, the college came to the Madurai bench of the Madras high court, seeking direction to the authorities to grant affiliation to the college. The single judge, Justice Vinod K Sharma had on September 21 passed orders in favour of the college. In his order, the judge told that as those three defects were rectified, it was obligatory for the respondents, grant affiliation to the petitioner college.Protesting the single judge order, the Anna University preferred a writ appeal before the Madurai bench. When it came up for hearing last month, the hearing was posted to November 22 (Thursday).Accordingly, the writ appeal came up before the division bench, comprising Justices K N Basha and P Devadass, on Thursday.The senior counsel P Wilson appeared for the college and told the court that the case has a chequered history. Even after the shortcomings, which were earlier pointed out by the inspection team of the university, were solved, affiliation is being continuously refused on the new grounds.The college has been built with a huge investment. The management has to pay salaries to many teachers who have been appointed in the college and 300 seats had gone waste in the last academic year. That situation continues this year too. Hence, the court should direct the university authorities to grant affiliation, the senior counsel submitted to the court.To this, the AAG countered the college management in its earlier affidavit, submitted before the court in its writ petition, which stated that it possess the essential certificate like structural stability certificate etc. But a subsequent inspection revealed that the college does not posses the vital certificates like structural stability certificate, health certificate regarding hygienic condition of the college and fire safety certificate. Besides, a public interest litigation (PIL) petition, filed last year citing various allegations against the college, is pending before the court.The Supreme Court has said in its judgment that students' safety is the fundamental right of the student. Due to non-availability of three important certificates relating to students' safety, affiliation is refused. As the senior counsel said, \"If the college possess those three certificates, let them produce them before the court,\" the AAG argued.After hearing submissions of both the sides, the division bench fixed December 12 to decide the appeal. The bench also posted the PIL in connection with the same college to December 20.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17330847", "title": "Campus recruitments dry up as growth slows", "text": "COIMBATORE: The economic slowdown has hit campuses hard. Students and faculty at engineering colleges in the city and the neighbourhood say campus placements have been far and few. Though numbers are not available, the talk is that placements are down by an alarming 50% this year as compared to last year.Students at engineering and management schools, who are in their final semester, are keeping their fingers crossed. Few firms, especially multi-national companies which normally prefer students from the region, have visited campuses this year. Colleges expect the situation to improve after January, but what's worrying students is that a lot of their seniors, who got offer letters last year, are yet to be placed.A few parents TOI talked to said that many MNCs, including IT and BPO firms, who had conducted recruitment drives last year, had told many recruits to wait for placement. The firms were changing the joining date from one month to another.One candidate, who contacted his recruiter last week, was told to wait till March. \"My daughter, who has completed BE, is sitting at home even 12 months after getting the offer letter. She was promised placement by a prominent Bangalore-based IT company. When she spoke to them last week, they told her to wait till March,'' said a Coimbatore airport official, who did not want to be named.The number of recruitment drives in engineering colleges too has been far less and pay packages offered weren't that attractive. Most students in their seventh semester are worried.\"With Barack Obama back as US President for a second term, firms fear that outsourcing will take a hit. Companies say they have reduced recruitment fearing that the Obama administration would stop outsourcing work,\" says P Appukutty, chairman, PA College of Engineering, Pollachi.\"Last year at this time, around 75% of the students were placed. This year, the figure have come down to 40%,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17329391", "title": "Rajya Sabha pays tribute to Bal Thackeray, others", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Rajya Sabha on Thursday mourned the death of Shiv Sena founder Bal Thackeray and eight of its former members including former Chief Justice of India Ranganath Misra before being adjourned for the day after uproar over various issues like opposition to FDI in retail and demand for reservation to SCs/STs in promotions.As soon as the Upper House met on the opening day of the winter session, chairman Hamid Ansari mentioned the passing away of Thackeray and others including former defence minister K C Pant.Ansari, in his obituary reference, described Thackeray, who died on November 17, as a charismatic person who always tried to inculcate a sense of pride in people, particularly those from Maharashtra. Members then stood in silence as a mark of respect to the departed souls.The chairman also mentioned the killing of 55 people in cyclone Neelam on October 31 and death of 15 persons in a stampede that followed collapse of a makeshift bridge during Chhath puja in Patna on November 19.The Rajya Sabha was then adjourned till noon after it plunged into turmoil over various issues. Later, when the House met at noon, Trinamool Congress and AIADMK raised the issue of FDI in retail while BSP members rushed to the well raising slogans over reservation to SCs/STs in promotions.The BJP member M Venkaiah Naidu stood up to raise some issue but could not be heard in the din. With appeals by deputy chairman P J Kurien to restore calm going unheeded, the House was adjourned for the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17331390", "title": "Monorail test run on 8km stretch", "text": "MUMBAI: The MMRDA has conducted an end-to-end test run of its monorail rakes on the entire 8.3-km alignment from Wadala to Chembur for the first time in four years. Sources said that there were plans to hand over the corridor for safety certification by February end.The MMRDA has finished all the alignment's civil work and is now focusing on completing the stations, signalling and telecommunications, which will take two to three months.For the test, the MMRDA first sent a shuttle down the alignment, followed by full rakes. It plied rakes at different speeds (as fast as 80 kmph). The empty rakes were also loaded with cement sacks to see if the guideway beams can take the weight. It had planned to hand over the corridor for a safety audit by November and open the line by December. This is now being pushed to 2013.Sources said there were issues related to securing land for linkways to the stations. The four-car monorail will be able to ferry 562 passengers, while the sixcar one will accommodate 852 commuters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17331019", "title": "Chance for us to turn it around: Alastair Cook", "text": "MUMBAI: The freshly-watered centre wicket at Wankhede Stadium, that looked like it had a slight tinge of green on Wednesday evening, took a brownish hue on Thursday. No more water on it and the patch can only get drier.England captain Alastair Cook says he didn't have a look at the pitch on Thursday, when his team spent more than two hours practicing on the eve of the second Test. \"I walked past it when I was coming to speak with you all,\" he told the waiting media.It did not sound believable at first when Cook said he did not bother taking a look at the 22-yard strip that will play a good role in determining the course of the match over the next five days. It was only later, when he added \"If we have to win this game, we have to score the runs\", did he allow things to fall in perspective.There was absolutely no point in complicating things any further. The bottom-line to the second Test and England's hope for resurrection in this series hangs on the single thread of having to put a lot of runs on board when they walk out to bat. And the man who realises this with a very clear head happens to be England's best bet with the bat at the moment. \"There is loss of confidence when you get beaten heavily, but it's a quick turnaround and it's a chance for us to pull it off,\" Cook said. \"We must try and learn from what happened last week and play better.\"To try and learn from what happened last week would be to try and play the Indian bowlers a lot better than England did in Ahmedabad, specifically in the first innings. There is no doubt that the Wankhede pitch will assist turn, regardless of whether MS Dhoni's instructions -- to ensure that the pitch assists turn right from the beginning of the match -- are followed or not. Indian wickets do help the ball turn and Wankhede will be no different.To that effect, Cook knows there's no point scratching the surface in his mind beyond a point. \"First innings runs are crucial. I spoke about it in Ahmedabad as that's where we lost the game,\" he reiterated.The England captain is confident his team can come up with an improved show in Mumbai. \"If you look at our dressing room, there are some world-class players with excellent records,\" he said. \"We have to hold our hands up and in these conditions we have not played well enough to get the right results. It is up to us to do the job out in the middle and get into the rhythm of batting out there and try to pile the runs.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17332029", "title": "Bank robbers nabbed", "text": "RANCHI: Police on Thursday solved a bank robbery case and arrested three of the five persons involved in the case.The police also seized three motorbikes and recovered six bullets and Rs 28,000 from Rajkumar Mahto, Lalu Yadav and Ishant Giri.SSP Saket Kumar Singh said, \"Two persons, who are wanted in this case, will soon be arrested.\"The robbers broke into Rainbow Creative Society in Doranda in September this year and looted around Rs 4 lakh. The three persons, all of whom are from Ranchi, were arrested from different parts of the capital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "17333902", "title": "Poachers kill another Kaziranga rhino", "text": "JORHAT: After a brief lull, poachers at the Kaziranga National Park are at it again by killing a full-grown female rhino and chopping off its horn. The carcass of the rhino was found early Thursday morning on the park premises. The poachers escaped from the park after committing the offence.Park director N K Vasu said, \"Forest staff found the carcass of an adult female rhino in the park's Burhapahar forest range this morning. The horn of the rhino was found missing\". He said the incident occurred near Kothalchung forest camp in the Burhapahar range on Wednesday night. The forest guards heard gunshots and rushed to the spot.\"Although on hearing the gunshots, our guards launched an operation in search of poachers, they couldn't find anyone. Later, they found the carcass of the hornless rhino inside a dense jungle,\" Vasu added.With this, Kaziranga National Park has lost eight rhinos to poachers this year so far. Earlier, poachers killed seven rhinos inside the park and chopped off their horns. Four of these were killed during the floods, when poachers took advantage of the fact that rhinos had strayed to higher lands outside the park to escape floodwaters, said divisional forest officer (Kaziranga) Dibyadhar Gogoi.Sources said forest guards have launched a massive search operation to nab the poachers, who are believed to have fled to neighbouring Karbi Anglong district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17333481", "title": "Madonna 'gay propaganda' lawsuit thrown out", "text": "US pop star Madonna did not break city laws on the promotion of a homosexual lifestyle among minors during a concert in St. Petersburg earlier this year, a Russian court has ruled.\"Madonna's actions were planned and aimed at the formation of a distorted view of personal relations,\" read the lawsuit, which was dismissed after a six-hour-long hearing by the St. Petersburg court Thursday.The nine plaintiffs were claiming over $10 million in compensation for \"moral damages\" suffered during Madonna's concert in August, during which the star handed out pink bracelets to the crowd in a show of unity with the city's gay and lesbian community.The organisers of the concert had stated that entry to the concert would be barred to anyone under 18 years of age.The authorities had earlier refused to open a criminal investigation into the allegations.\"St. Petersburg's laws were brutally violated and in the coming years this type of violation could become the norm,\" plaintiff Marina Yakovlyeva told the court.\"But we have created a precedent - any artist coming to our city will know now what laws exist in our city.\"The plaintiffs also said Madonna's \"gay propaganda\" would lead to a deterioration of Russia's demographic crisis and its subsequent inability to man its army.They also said her promotion of homosexuality would lead to an increase in divorce rates.But the judge at the trial was unimpressed.\"How many families split up because one of the couple is gay?\" asked Judge Vitaly Barkovsky. \"And how many because of alcoholism? How many lawsuits have you filed against alcohol companies?\"The plaintiffs were backed by St. Petersburg lawmaker Vitaly Milonov, who authored the city's \"gay propaganda\" law.The law, which was passed in March, criminalizes \"public action aimed at propagandizing sodomy, lesbianism, bisexualism, and transgenderism among minors\".Those charged with breaking the law face fines from 5,000 to 500,000 rubles.Despite a court summons, Madonna did not attend the hearing, which attracted intense media attention in Russia. A spokesperson for Madonna was not available for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17328350", "title": "Royal Opera House boss Tony Hall to head BBC", "text": "LONDON: Crisis-ridden BBC today appointed Tony Hall, the head of the Royal Opera House as its new director general, days after his predecessor quit over the public broadcaster's reporting of child sex abuse.Announcing the appointment, BBC Trust chairman Chris Patten said Hall was \"the right person to lead the BBC out of its current crisis\".Hall, 61, who will assume charge next March, said he was \"committed to ensuring our news services are the best in the world\".His appointment follows the resignation of George Entwistle earlier this month after just 54 days in the job.Entwistle quit on November 10, saying that as editor-in chief he had to take \"ultimate responsibility\" for a Newsnight investigation that had led to the former Conservative Party treasurer, Alistair McAlpine, being wrongly accused of child abuse.The BBC had to publicly apologise for the error and paid McAlpine 185,000 pounds plus legal costs to settle a libel claim.Hall is due to take over the role - currently occupied by acting director general Tim Davie - in early March, on a salary of 450,000 pounds a year, the BBC reported.Hall also has the credentials of an insider, having led BBC News and Current Affairs from 1996 to 2001, during which he launched BBC News Online, Radio 5 Live and other channels.British Culture Secretary Maria Miller offered her congratulations, saying Hall had \"a very strong track record in successfully leading iconic organisations\".\"It is important now that Tony Hall gets to grips quickly - to provide the stability and certainty that the BBC needs, and restore public confidence,\" she said.The BBC needed \"to take a long, hard look at the way it operates and put in place the changes required to ensure it lives up to the standards that the public expects\", Lord Patten said. \"Tony Hall is the right person to lead this.\"Hall is credited with helping turn round the Royal Opera House, which had been in crisis before he joined as chief executive, and also the Cultural Olympiad, which had been in similar difficulties.Hall said: \"This organisation is an incredibly important part of what makes the United Kingdom what it is. And of course it matters not just to people in this country - but to tens of millions around the world too. \"It's been a difficult few weeks - but together we'll get through it,\" he said.When Entwistle quit, the BBC had already spent several weeks at the centre of a scandal over alleged sexual abuse carried out by the late DJ and TV presenter Jimmy Savile . Police believe Savile may have abused 300 young people over a 40-year period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17333557", "title": "Kanye wants Kim to quit small screen", "text": "Rapper Kanye West reportedly wants girlfriend Kim Kardashian to stop filming her small screen reality show \"Keeping Up With Kardashians\".The couple have been dating for the past several months, and now Kanye wants Kim to stop doing reality shows completely.\"Keeping Up With Kardashians\" follows the life of Kim and her siblings Khloe and Kourtney Kardashian .Even though Kanye himself has appeared on the show, he now wants Kim to stop it.\"Kanye doesn't want her to film the show any more. In fact he doesn't want Kim to do any reality TV, including spin-offs,\" dailystar.co.uk quoted a source as saying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17331967", "title": "Miners wrest seized machine from RPF officers", "text": "BHOPAL: Illegal miners in Morena forcibly took away a JCB machine seized by the railway protection force (RPF) officers on Wednesday evening. The case was registered on Thursday. The accused also tried to snatch the service pistol of the RPF's sub-inspector, said sources.Saraychola police have registered case against 8 persons under the Section 398 (loot) of IPC and Section 11, 13 of the Madhya Pradesh Anti-Dacoity Act.According to police sources, the JCB was seized by the RPF officials following a damage caused to the signal cable while mining sand near the Chambal bridge-25 km from the district headquarters.\"A group of 8 persons waylaid the RPF's vehicle and took away the JCB with them after manhandling the officers. They also tried to snatch their weapon,\" said a police officer.The RPF has also registered a case against them for causing damage to the railway properties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17334018", "title": "Fitch affirms 4 PSU bank ratings", "text": "MUMBAI: Global ratings major Fitch on Thursday affirmed long term ratings on four of the leading PSU banks and one subsidiary bank at 'BBB-', but it downgraded the viability rating of Canara Bank by one notch to 'bb+', a release from the agency said. The four banks whose ratings were affirmed were State Bank of India (SBI), Punjab National Bank (PNB), Bank of Baroda (BOB) and Canara Bank (Canara), and the subsidiary was Bank of Baroda New Zealand.The outlook on the ratings were negative for all the banks, which mirrors India's rating outlook, the release said. Although Fitch downgraded Canara' Bank's viability rating, it affirmed the same for SBI , PNB and BOB at 'bbb-'. The ratings of the four PSU banks \"are driven by a high probability of extraordinary government support if required given their high systemic importance. These banks account for close to 32% of the system assets and deposits backed by a pan-India franchise of over 27,000 branches as of the financial year ended March 2012 (over 33,000 including SBI's five associate banks),\" the Fitch release noted. Fitch also said that Canara Bank's viability rating downgrade \"reflects structural challenges in the bank's funding and asset quality, which are unlikely to be addressed without near-term implications on growth and, potentially, on market share.In particular, Canara Bank has higher risk concentration to the troubled infrastructure sector including state electricity boards (SEB) and a weaker funding profile.\" The ratings major also said that the non-performing loans (NPLs) as have been reported by the banks, do not completely give the true picture of the risks as their calculation does not include restructured loans. Fitch believes that the potential for further loan restructuring is highest for Canara Bank and is a negative for its asset quality given its weak specific provision cover of only 15% at FYE12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "thiruvavaduthurai", "code": "17330377", "title": "Mutt head passes away in Nagai", "text": "Thiruvavaduthurai: The 23rd pontiff of the famous 'Thiruvavaduthurai Adheenam', Sivaprakasa Pandara Sannathi in Nagapattinam district passed away in the early hours of Thursday. He was 64. His mortal remains have been laid to rest in the mutt premises in the afternoon.According to mutt sources, the pontiff was under treatment from the first week of this month following a cardiac problem. He was treated in a private hospital in Kumbakonam and Chennai. He came to Thiruvavaduthurai mutt from Chennai after treatment on Wednesday night. But he developed chest pain on the same night. So he was taken to a private hospital in Kumbakonam. Unfortunately, he passed away on the way to hospital. His body was kept at the mutt for people to pay their last respects. His mortal remains have been laid to rest in the presence of more than 10 senior pontiffs from various mutts including Madurai Adheenam.Sivaparakasa Pandara Sannathi was a native of Vikramasingapuram in Tirunelveli district. He was born to Gomathinayagam and Gomathi in 1949. His birth name was Subramanian. After he was united with the mutt in 1978, he was rechristened as Sivaprakasa Pandara Sannathi and made junior pontiff in 1980 by the 22nd pontiff Ambalavana Desigar. Three years later in April, 1983, he was crowned as the 23rd pontiff of Thiruvavaduthurai Adheenam after the death of the 22nd pontiff.The 23rd pontiff did not appoint his deputy till his death after a junior pontiff, Kasi Viswantha Pandara Sannathi, was ousted for allegedly attempting to murder the 23rd pontiff in 2002. At this juncture, Kattalai Thambiran Meenakshi Sundram was crowned the 24th pontiff of Thiruvavaduthurai Adheenam on Thursday morning in the presence of HR&CE; officials and other pontiffs from various mutts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17330333", "title": "Tyre burst baffles Ahmedabad Municipal Coprporation probe team", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Ahmedabad Municipal Coprporation (AMC) team which is probing the recent BRTS bus accident is now dealing with a mystery - it was a new tubeless tyre which had burst throwing a BRTS bus out of control near Vyaswadi and Ranip stations. The speeding vehicle had then rammed another BRTS bus in the opposite lane. The collision left 12 passengers and the two bus drivers injured. Ahmedabad Janmarg limited (AJL) officials claim that each of the injured passengers are eligible for a claim.The municipal officers are now looking towards the directorate of forensic science in Gandhinagar to solve this mystery. AMC authorities said on Thursday that a burst in a tubeless tyre is possible only if there is negligence with respect to air pressure, installation or a manufacturing defect.AJL authorities are mulling over installing a \"black box\" in every bus that will send real time data of speed of the bus, frequency of the brakes applied and the speed at which the driver applies them. Besides this, the box will send back the driving pattern to the control room.\"We feel that the driver's attitude behind the wheels should also be recorded,\" says municipal commissioner and AJL chairman Guruprasad Mohapatra.Meanwhile, some major design overhauls are being examined which includes short railings between the buffer space between the to and fro carriages to avoid any head on collision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17333951", "title": "Shahi case: Defence counsel seeks court file", "text": "KANPUR: The defence counsel of DSP Amarjeet Shahi, an accused in a sexual exploitation case, moved an application and urged to summon the file of the lower court as it would be required at the time of arguments when charges would be framed against his client.Counsel for Shahi moved the discharge application under the provision of 227 Crimiinal Procedure Code and said that the victim had got recorded two statements under Section 161 CrPC. The first statement was recorded in a case of rape against his client and later second statement was recorded. The police had already filed chargesheet against Shahi and court had fixed date for framing of charges.The counsel claimed that his client was innocent and he was fabricated. DSP Shahi was arrested on rape charges leveled against him by daughter of a flying instructor posted in Kanpur.The victim allegedly had stated in her statement that DSP Amarjeet Shahi had prepared an obscene compact disc and blackmailing her. The girl further stated the Shahi had threatened her that if she would not follow his instructions, then he would fabricate her father in various heinous criminal cases. That was the main reason due to which she had maintained silence over the issue. On the directions of Shahi, she had charged her father and one of her uncles for her physical exploitation.Earlier, the girl in her report which was registered in March last, had charged her father and another person of physically exploiting her. However, the facts and evidence produced by her father indicated a different story. The girl is the victim of Shahi, who had exploited her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17330159", "title": "12 persons, including seven children hurt in hit-and-run", "text": "CHANDIGARH: 12 persons, including seven students of primary classes and three teachers suffered injuries as the school bus they were travelling in collided head on with a speeding truck near a village on the outskirts of Rohtak on Thursday.Injured students have been identified as 10-year-old Sachin, eight-year-old Harsh, 10-year-old Gaurav, 10-year-old Ajay, seven-year-old Muskan and eight-year-old Monu. Injured teachers included Richika, Vidya and Ritu. The school clerk, Anil and the bus driver were rushed to PGI Rohtak and they are stated to be out of danger.The incident occurred when the staff and students of S D Public School were on their way back after school hours. As the school bus neared the Garnavti village turn, a speeding truck rammed into it in the process of wrongly overtaking another vehicle. The truck driver fled from the spot.The front part of the bus was badly damaged under the impact of the collision. Villagers rushed to the aid of the victims. A case has been registered against the truck driver at the Sadar police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "17330031", "title": "Sikh NGO urges FBI to declare Wisconcin gurdwara shootout an act of hate", "text": "AMRITSAR: Sikh NGO, United Sikhs has asked the FBI to declare Wisconcin Gurdwara tragedy as an act of hate and take constructive action to prevent future similar acts. Staff Attorney, International Civil and Human Rights Advocacy, United Sikhs, Manmeet Singh informed TOI on Thursday that \"unless this fact is acknowledged, measures cannot be taken to address it.\" He informed that Teresa Carlson, special agent in charge of the FBI's Milwaukee office, announced on November 20 that the agency had finished its probe into the Oak Creek, Wisconsin shooting on August 5, this year, that killed six Sikh worshppers and injured four individuals. He informed that the FBI concluded that the shooter, Wade Michael Page, acted alone. They found no evidence that he had help or was carrying out any orders from any white supremacist group.He said, Teresa also stated that nothing in this attack suggests any ongoing threat to the Sikh community and the events that transpired on August 5 in Oak Creek, Wisconsin serve as a stark reminder that despite having coexisted in US for more than a century, the Sikh identity was not accepted. \"And it is this fact that should concern everyone,\" he said.\"The shooting that occurred in Wisconsin shows us that we have allowed individuals such as Wade Michael Page, a \"frustrated neo-nazi\", who led a white supremacist music group, to steer the direction of US. He used his privilege as a white supremacist member of society to show US that diversity must be counteracted with violence, hate, and ethnic cleansing\", he said, adding that this was not the message that they wanted to send to the world, or to our children.He went on to add that no one was oblivious of the fact that the massacre was fueled by hate. \"We want FBI to acknowledge this fact, akin to the statement issued by attorney general Eric Holder on August 10 where he called the attack a \"hate crime\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17329016", "title": "HC lifts stay on Kanjurmarg dumping", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Thursday vacated its stay on the BMC from dumping waste and debris at the Kanjurmarg landfill.The court was hearing a PIL filed by city-based NGO Vanashakti. A the last hearing, the HC while granting an interim stay had directed the BMC to file an affidavit to respond to the allegations that it was dumping garbage in violation of rules.The BMC filed an affidavit pointing out that the apex court had approved the plan for the Kanjurmarg dumping ground and the project had already received environmental nod. Mumbai generates over 6,500 metric tonnes of garbage daily, of which 4,000 metric tonnes are sent to the Deonar dumping ground while the remaining goes to Mulund.The BMC is in the process of closing the 80-year-old Deonar dumping ground and a new sanitary landfill is being set up at Kanjurmarg. The Kanjurmarg dumping site is spread across 142 hectares and the landfill is being set up on 66 hectares. A bio-reactor plant has also been set up. At present, around 200 metric tonnes of garbage is dumped at Kanjurmarg land fill.According to the petitioners, the BMC was violating the Municipal Sold Waste Rules and the Maharashtra Pollution Control Board had sent notices to the corporation as there was \"no provision to treat effluents and no gas trapping and leachate collection system\". \"The BMC has not complied with the conditions that were laid down while granting the project environmental clearance. Mangroves are being destroyed at the site,\" claimed advocate Gayatri Singh, counsel for the petitioners.The matter will be heard on December 10. and allowed the petitioner to file an affidavit in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17330207", "title": "2 more held in UK for bid to kill Brar of Operation Bluestar fame", "text": "LONDON: British police investigating the assassination attempt on Lt-Gen KS Brar, a decorated former officer of the Indian Army, in London on September 30 have made two further arrests.A 36-year-old man was apprehended in London on \"suspicion of conspiracy to murder\" and \"inflicting grievous bodily harm with intent\". He was taken to a police station where he remains in custody.A 55-year-old woman was also arrested on \"suspicion of assisting an offender\". She was taken to a police station and subsequently granted bail on condition of having to return on a future date pending further inquiries.Officers involved in the case carried out a search at the address where the two were picked up. There were no details of what was unearthed in this operation.It may be recalled, Barjinder Singh Sangha, 33, of Wolverhampton and Mandeep Singh Sandhu, 34, of Birmingham appeared at a London magistrates' court on October 8 last charged with wounding with intent to do grievous bodily harm on 78-year-old Brar, who led a commando force to evict extremists holed up in the Golden Temple in Amritsar in 1984 and for which he has been a target of Sikh militants ever since. Sangha was further charged with common assault on Brar's wife Meena.They were remanded in custody to appear at Southwark Crown Court on 7 December for a plea and case management hearing prior to being put on trial.Brar and his wife, who were on a private visit to London from India, were approached by four men. He was assaulted with what is believed to be a knife or sharp implement like a kirpan and suffered a wound on his neck. His wife was not injured in the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17329522", "title": "Work on laying drainage lines in MIDC areas to begin", "text": "NASHIK: The deadlock over laying drainage lines in both Ambad and Satpur industrial areas of Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC) has been solved, as all internal roads in industrial areas have been transferred to Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC).It has been a long pending demand by the industry, however, there was a row between the MIDC and NMC over who would lay the underground drainage lines which delayed the work.The MIDC has given a letter to the municipal commissioner Sanjay Khandare pertaining to the transfer of all internal roads in Satpur and Ambad industrial areas and has also informed him that MIDC has no objection to laying a domestic underground drainage line by NMC at their own expenses. The decision was taken at a recent MIDC meeting.\"The internal roads in Satpur and Ambad industrial areas have been handed over to the NMC. Moreover, the MIDC has no objection on laying domestic underground drainage lines and developing roadside strips in industrial areas by NMC at its own expenses,\" stated the letter from MIDC to NMC.Speaking to TOI, President of Nashik Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (NIMA) Dhananjay Bele said, \"We had urged MIDC several times to transfer all internal roads in industrial areas to NMC so that it can carry out the work. We now welcome the decision.\"Incidentally, the NMC is already providing basic facilities like road construction, street-lights, garbage lifting and other sanitary works in both Satpur and Ambad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17333862", "title": "Life of Pi: A journey no one is likely to forget", "text": "Some epic novels should never go into movie adaptations. Majestic magnificent and moving as it is, I am not too sure that Yann Martel's novel was ever meant to be filmed . Trust the amazing Ang Lee to move into non-cinematic literary material and attempt visual manifestations of what are at most, images of a mind that believes Man is wedded in a holy communion with Nature.On the surface Life of Pi is the story of a young man's epic journey with a magnificent tiger. A shipwreck (filmed with surprising tameness) snatches our hero Pi's family away from me. We aren't allowed to feel the boy's mammoth sorrow and desolation at the bereavement. It's really about survival. And well, you really need to quickly find ways to save you skin.As far as one man's attempts to overcome the emotional and physical wreckage of a shipwreck goes, the Tom Hanks starrer Castaway provided much more gripping fodder for the senses. Here in Life of Pi the protagonist's struggle for survival in the middle of an unheedful ocean is done in a tone that echoes the sound of a well-written work of fiction being read out aloud. Chiselled words render themselves to a staccato visual rendering. Brave and beautiful, Ang Lee's rendering of Martel's novel somewhere, one feels, loses something vital and precious in translation.Some ideas are so vast they are best left to the imagination. Ang Lee takes up the near-impossible task of putting visuals into words that thunder with a theosophical thrust in print but appear lamely lyrical on screen. You know you are meant to be watching a monumental visual treatise on Man's relationship with Nature, and to some extent the skillful raconteur in Ang Lee manages to hold our attention. But eventually it's all too scattered and disembodied to be sublime.The emotional content of the journey is somewhere lost in the vast stretches of oceanic introspection when Pi, lost to the world, slowly painfully but surely finds his own emotional spiritual and physical bearings in the company of the imposing tiger. Spatial harmony is exceptionally well created on the little boat that serves as Pi and his tiger companion's home for nearly 300 days. The best thing that can be said about the 3D effects is that you hardly notice it.For me, the film worked best as a man-beast story, like Chinappa Devar's 1971 Bollywood blockbuster Haathi Mere Saathi. The bond that grows between Pi and, well, Richard Parker (that's what the tiger is named) is charted out in the azure anonymity of the opulent ocean with a sense of growing desperation. Both the boy and beast know they will die, unless a miracle happens soon. That miracle when it happens in the film, is shot in a languorous surrealistic surrounding satiated with gorgeous greenery and innocuous little creatures scampering around in uninterrupted harmony with Nature. Claudio Miranda's cinematography is wedded to Nature.For all its spiritual and visual beauty, it's truly challenging to be one with Ang Lee's treatise on Man and Nature. No matter how you see his interpretation of the cosmic bond between Man and beast, you are at best gazing at some spectacular visuals done in colours and moods that impart a heroic hue to the survival story but do little to convince us of that indelible relationship between destiny and caprice that throws a 19-year old boy into the arms of an infinite isolation nearly year.Debutant Suraj Sharma plays the shipwrecked hero with a refreshing absence of visible craft. The angst comes from a heart that knows no craft. This is the only performance that works completely. Irrfan as the grownup Pi failed to convince me that he really cared about his character. Maybe we expect too much from him. Maybe he should be a little less blase on the screen about our expectations. As for he sublime , Tabu she has virtually nothing to do in the film and she does it nonchalantly.Funny how artistes of impeccable calibre from India agree to become glorified junior artistes in prestigious international projects.Life of Pi is an unfinished masterpiece. It touches on existential issues while taking our hero on a voyage that changes his life. But we never penetrate Pi's polemical heart, bursting at the seams with ideas on the one-ness of God. Pi's childhood days in Puducherry are weakly conceived. His private zoo is a visual treat. But really, we can't wait for him to take off on his voyage of self-discovery.Pre-voyage, Pi's dinner table discussions with his practical father ( Adil Hussain, struggling to give space to his underwritten part), 'poetic' mother (Tabu) and an elder brother are surprisingly bereft of genuine warmth. This, from the director of such overpowering emotional dramas as Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon and Brokeback Mountain , is an indication of how unfilmable this material is. Also, Pi's early school-says montages are prosaic. Do we really care that much about how he got his strange name?Towards the end, when Pi has survived the ordeal there's a lengthy monologue where Pi tries to create an alternate reality for two disbelieving Japanese insurance agents, about the incredible experiences he has gone through. As actor Suraj Sharma struggles valiantly to put into words visuals that are predominantly frozen in the real of the imagination, you know what ails this fractured neo-classic.Life of Pi takes on the daunting task of putting visuals to thoughts too profound for manifestation. It's a majestic mirage, a lyrical illusion, a celebration of existential ambivalence. It is that slice of cinema that bedazzles, beguiles and bewilders the senses. At the core it is the story of a boy and a tiger thrown together in adversity, told with a sweeping panache that is at times, breathless as it is breathtaking.Though Life of Pi finally leaves you underwhelmed, one thing is for sure. This is a journey no one is likely to forget.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17329076", "title": "60-year-old booked for sodomizing minor", "text": "MUMBAI: A 60-year-old man was booked on Thursday for allegedly sodomizing a 10-year-old boy, his neighbour, at Khar-Danda last week.The incident took place on November 15. On November 15, the accused took the victim to his room and sodomized him.The police are searching for the accused. The accused used to live alone in his room and the victim was his neighbour.After a few days, the victim told his family about the incidence. The family then approached the police.The police said that the accused escaped after locking his room when the victim reported the matter to the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17333097", "title": "CII plans skill training centre in Keonjhar", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Confederation of Indian Industries (CII), Odisha chapter, has planned to set up a skill development institute for the mining sector in Keonjhar soon. It will be a joint venture with Skill Tech, an Australia-based company.\"The project is in its nascent stage and talks are on. According to the plan, 2,500 persons from Odisha and other Eastern states such as Jharkhand and Chhattisgarh will be given skill development training in the first phase,\" said Suparna Nanda, head CII, Odisha.CII has set up a skill development institute at Balasore , she said on the eve of 17th Enterprise Odisha 2012-the flagship event of CII to be inaugurated on Friday. It aims at exploring business opportunities in the state and attracting investments in different sectors. \"This year we will focus on Micro Small and Medium Enterprises (MSMEs). Besides, service sector has also given priority,\" Nanda said.Suresh Thawani, chairman of CII Odisha State Council said, \"Since the global economy as well as industries across India are passing through a lean period the theme of Enterprise Odisha has been aptly decided as Reviving Economic Growth: Imperatives of reforms and governance.\"The event will also organize a series of CSR programmes like 'Dhool Ke Phool' in which children from different slums will stage cultural programmes and 'Innovex' in which students of different ITIs and diploma engineering schools will showcase their projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17331386", "title": "Rs 2cr plan to cut travel time to Matheran", "text": "MUMBAI: The journey between Neral and Matheran by toy train may become faster as Central Railway (CR) has taken steps to strengthen the tracks on the 19-km stretch. CR general manager Subodh Jain said, \"Strengthening of the tracks will be done at Rs 2 crore within a year. If adequate number of coaches and engines are available, we will able to run faster services with more capacity per trains.\"CR is using the tracks retrieved from Miraj-Latur line that has gone for track upgradation. Jain said, \"After this is done, there are plans to attach locomotive at the rear side of the train to make it faster . We can then increase the capacity to 8 coaches, allowing more passengers to travel by this train.\"The constraint is the availability of the coach and engines. As of now, CR has only five locomotives . It also faces operational problems if any engine fails. Also, attachment of locomotives at rearend and modified braking system or air-brakes will help CR do away with brake porters. \"CR expects to cut running time from 2 hrs 20 minutes to at least 1 hr 30 minutes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17332096", "title": "Infra plans for secretariat, HC, assembly announced", "text": "RANCHI: The state will soon don a new look with the foundation stone for new buildings of Jharkhand High Court, state assembly and a new secretariat set to be laid by January 26.The announcement was made by chief minister Arjun Munda here on Thursday while addressing a gathering on the occasion of the 12th anniversary of the state assembly.Amid celebrations and felicitations, opposition leader Rajendra Prasad Singh, raised the issue of the assembly operating from a rented premises even after 12 years of formation of the state.Responding to the issue brought up by Singh, Munda said, \"The government is making every possible effort to give the state capital a new look. If things move in the right direction, we are going to lay the foundation stone for construction of three important buildings on this Republic Day.\"Munda underscored the importance of the participation of common people in governance by adoption of modern information technology tools. He was hailing the initiative of Jharkhand assembly to launch a centre to enable the legislators to submit their questions online.The online question submission centre was inaugurated by governor Syed Ahmed to mark the beginning of foundation day celebrations. Munda said that democracy aims at participation of common man in governance through their representatives and only technology can reduce the gap between people and their representatives. \"I would like to ensure that the state progresses from e-governance to e-democracy so that freedom of speech guaranteed to the people can assume the status of referendum of speech and people cast their vote on each and every step of the government,\" he said.Explaining the correlation of assembly and government, speaker CP Singh defined the state legislative assemblies in the country as the mother and respective government's as their son. \"Mother delegates the authority to her son to take decisions and spend money, but she holds the right to seek an explanation on the nature of expenditure and acts that her son is undertaking,\" he said.Singh said for a healthy democracy, the sessions must be longer and more constructive. Enumerating the achievements, he said that Jharkhand became the second state after Rajasthan to introduce the facility of submission of online questions in the assembly.Governor Syed Ahmed congratulated Jharkhand assembly for introducing some new concepts like CM question hour. \"This initiative was first taken by the Madhya Pradesh government and Jharkhand was smart enough to immediately copy the system so that the head of the state legislative is liable to answer questions raised by members on policy matters,\" he said. Laying stress on education for all, Ahmed said democracy can function smoothly only when people are educated enough to exercise their franchise confidently without any fear or favour.On this occasion, BJP MLA Raghubar Das was honoured with a citation, memento and cash award of Rs 51000 for being adjudged best legislator of the year. Three assembly employees -under secretary Bipin Bihari, deputy chief superintendent Jageshwar Singh and driver Ravi Oraon were also felicitated for their services.The assembly also felicitated 26 former MLAs and members of legislative council of erstwhile Bihar who were elected in 1980. The 48th edition of tri-monthly magazine of Jharkhand Assembly, 'Udaan' and the compilation of proceedings of the assembly since the time of its constitution were released by the governor during the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17330809", "title": "Awards announced for Rajasthani language writers", "text": "JAIPUR: Awards for the year 2012-13 for noted writers and authors of Rajasthani language were announced by Rajasthani Bhasha, Sahitya Evam Sanskriti Academy, Bikaner on Thursday. Chairman of the academy Shyam Mahrishi said that the topmost award of Rs 71,000 Suryamall Misan Shikhar award has been given to Dr Idan Singh Bhati of Jaisalmer for his collection of poems called \"Aankh Hiye Ra Hariyal Sapna\".The Ganesh Lal Vyas Ustad award of Rs 51,000 has been given to Vinod Somani 'Hans' of Ajmer for his book \"Mhe Abhimanyu\". Another award of Rs 51,000 in the name of Shiv Chand Bhartiya award has been given to Govind Shankar Sharma of Jaipur for his work entitled \"Rajasthani Bhasha Shastra\". Pramod Sharma of Bikaner has been awarded Muralidhar Vyas Rajasthani Katha Sahityakaar Award of Rs 51,000 for his book \"Ram Jane\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17333394", "title": "Parliament disruption continues, both houses adjourned till noon", "text": "NEW DELHI: Both houses of Parliament were adjourned till 12 noon soon after they met on the second day of the winter session over differences on FDI in retail and quota for SC/ST in promotions.The Rajya Sabha and the Lok Sabha , which witnessed disruptions on the first day of the winter session on Thursday before being adjourned for the day, saw ruckus on Friday too as the BJP along with the CPM and the Trinamool Congress continued their protest for the second consecutive day.The Prime Minister Manmohan Singh had yesterday hosted a dinner for L K Advani, Sushma Swaraj and Arun Jaitley , the three top BJP leaders, on Thursday night at his 7 Race Course Road residence in an effort to ensure that the winter session of Parliament is not lost to the standoff between the government and the opposition over the issue of FDI in retail.At the dinner, the BJP was reportedly adamant that the only way it will allow Parliament to function without disruption is if the government agrees to discuss its major policy decision to allow 51 percent FDI in multi-brand retail under Rule 184, which entails a vote.The government was equally adamant that it was an executive decision that does not need Parliament's approval. It is ready to discuss the issue, but it does not want a vote.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17330796", "title": "Choudhary murder: Noose tightening around conspirators", "text": "JAIPUR: A day after arresting four people in connection with the murder of Vijay Kumar Choudhary (50), an accused in the Dara Singh encounter case, the police have now focused their attention on the entire conspiracy behind the crime. The police are trying to identify those who had placed the contract on Choudhary.The accused were identified as Manohar, Dinesh, Mahipal and Sharvan who were booked under Section 302, 201 and 120 B were on Thursday produced in a court that sent him to police remand till November 29.\"These were the people who had taken Choudhary to Narnaul in Haryana. They say that they handed him over to a gang that killed him,\" SP, Churu, Omprakash told TOI.He added that the police are trying to trace the members of this gang. \"We will arrest them and then try to ascertain the motive behind the murder,\" said the officer. Sources said that someone had ordered Choudhary's killing and the Anil alias Pandiya gang had executed it. \"Who was the person that paid money to this gang will be known only after arrest of Anil Pandiya and other suspects,\" said a police officer.Besides, the Dara Singh encounter case, Choudhary was also an accused in a murder case of one Ganesh Hisariya that took place in Fatehpur village in0 Sikar. Police sources said that Choudhary was trying to influence witnesses of both Dara and Hisariya murder cases and had paid Rs 25 lakh to Manohar and others for the purpose. However, instead of giving the money to the witnesses, they handed over Choudhary to Anil alias Pandiya gang.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17330746", "title": "OBC panel submits report on Gujjar quota", "text": "JAIPUR: The much-awaited report of the state's Other Backward Classes (OBC) commission over Gujjar quota was handed over to the state government late on Thursday evening. The report of recommendations for quota benefits for the OBC communities including the Gujjars, was handed over to chief minister Ashok Gehlot at his residence by commission chairman former Justice I S Israni.Gujjar leader Kirori Singh Bainsla and Congress legislator Rajendra Singh Bidhuri are among those who welcomed submission of the report. Bainsla demanded that the government submit the report in the high court at the earliest so that his community get the much-delayed reservation benefits.According to sources, the report - the contents of which are yet to be revealed - would be studied by the state government.The commission report, based on the basis of a quantifiable survey study, is on whether Gujjars and four other communities could be treated as Special Backward Classes and be granted 5% quota in government jobs and educational institutes.The issue has been pending before the Rajasthan high court since 2010 for want of the OBC commission's report.Upset over the delay in the submission of the report, the Gujjars over the past few months have repeatedly raised their voice and protested as the delay played a hindrance in resolving the quota issues.The community, in an attempt to build pressure, had threatened yet another agitation.Earlier in the day, Congress legislator Rajendra Singh Bidhuri, who recently resigned as parliamentary secretary to demand early resolution of the Gujjar quota issue, had threatened to put in his papers as member of the legislative assembly too.The threat came after Bidhuri's meeting with the chief minister Ashok Gehlot, when he insisted that the state government seek the Other Backward Classes (OBC) commission's report on the quota issue within two days and get it cleared from the cabinet by November 26. At a press conference here on Thursday evening, Bidhuri said, \"The OBC commission's report should be placed before the high court by mid next week. If the government fails to speed up, I will have to resign as assembly member.\"Bidhuri, a legislator from Chittorgarh district's Begun assembly constituency, sent his resignation as parliamentary secretary to the chief minister in early September. The legislator had then alleged that Gujjars were being discriminated against \"administratively and politically\" and vowed to join his community in \"fighting the government system\" that was \"deliberately sitting on the quota demand\".The resignation, however, has not been accepted till date. At another press conference on Thursday, Congress leader and former legislator Atar Singh Bhadana had accused both Congress and BJP of playing politics on the quota demand. Bhadana also dropped hints about his joining the BSP before the next assembly elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17330134", "title": "Haryana Janhit Congress disqualification petition : Evidence to be recorded by Dec 19", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Haryana assembly speaker fixed December 19 as the final date to record evidence of witnesses in the disqualification petitions filed by Haryana Janhit Congress chief Kuldeep Bishnoi against five HJC legislators under the anti defection law. The speaker said the move was aimed at meeting the deadline set by the Supreme Court. \"All this is to meet the deadline given by the Supreme Court of India. We shall dispose of the petitions by January 13, 2013,'' speaker Kuldeep Sharma said.Six witnesses, who identified themselves as delegates of the HJC associated with Zile Ram Sharma, MLA from Assandh and Dharam Singh Chhokar, MLA from Samalkha, deposed on Thursday. The proceedings lasted two hours.According to information from the Vidhan Sabha secretariat, there are 73 witnesses, including five who deserted and Kuldeep Bishnoi listed as witnesses. 11 witnesses will depose on the next date of hearing. Kuldeep Bishnoi's lawyer Dheeraj Jain said none of the witnesses provided any document which could corroborate their statements during cross examination.On December 9, 2009, HJC supremo Kuldeep Bishnoi moved disqualification petitions against five HJC MLAs, including Satpal Sangwan, Vinod Bhayana, Narendra Singh, Zile Ram Sharma and Dharam Singh who defected to the Congress, during negotiations to secure numbers in the Vidhan Sabha after the assembly elections.With 40 MLAs, the Congress was short of five to prove majority in the house. Initially, seven independent MLAs supported the Congress to cross the crucial figure of 45 in the 90 member house. On November 8 and 9, 2009 all five HJC MLAs defected to the Congress.Kanda not representedThe lawyer representing former Harayna minister of state for home Gopal Kanda failed to attend the hearing of the disqualification petition filed by deputy leader of the opposition Sher Singh Badshami against seven independent MLAs. During the last hearing, Kanda's lawyer had conveyed his willingness to join the proceedings to the speaker. \"Nobody represented Mr Kanda and we did not receive any such request. Else, appearing in the tribunal is his right,'' speaker Kuldeep Sharma said. Kanda is lodged in the Tihar jail in a case of abetting suicide by his former employee, Geetika Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17329376", "title": "Elevated corridor put back on track", "text": "MUMBAI: Decks have finally been cleared for the 63-km Churchgate-Virar elevated rail corridor project to move ahead. After months of deliberations, the Maharashtra government and Western Railway have resolved their differences over the project's implementation.The wrangle between the two arose because the state government objected to a few clauses in the draft support agreement prepared by the railways for the project. The disagreement caused a delay in the agreement's execution, which in turn impacted the process of tendering and other technical procedures. Now however, a consensus has emerged on the contentious clauses and the railways have agreed to redraft the agreement.The earlier draft, officials explained, contained a clause requiring the state to shift underground utilities along the rail corridor within six months. It also granted the railways-appointed concessionaire the right to sue the government if it did not carry out this duty within the stipulated time frame. Furthermore, the previous draft mandated that the state acquire land needed for the project and to resettle project-affected people within 15 months; in this case too, a delay gave the concessionaire the right to sue.Opposing the clauses, the state contended that the tasks of shifting utilities and land acquisition were too big for the time limits allowed. It also argued that the agreement was a bipartite arrangement and so the concessionaire and his rights should not be a part of it.Protesting that existing buildings will have to be acquired for the project, the state pushed for finalization of the resettlement model for those displaced by their acquisition. The government, in addition, objected to an arbitration clause in the draft agreement.The railways, after talks, agreed to consider the state's demands and redraft the agreement. According to the newly achieved consensus, the time period for shifting utilities and resettlement will be relaxed; for resettlement, the deadline will be 24 months. The railways also consented to withdraw the clauses involving the concessionaire and arbitration.Both sides are now readying to ink a new agreement next month. The railways meanwhile have awarded work for figuring out the project's financial feasibility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "17331075", "title": "Terror hits Pak as summit starts", "text": "ISLAMABAD: At least 23 people were killed and 62 injured in a suicide bomb attack on a Shai Muslim procession in the country's garrison city of Rawalpindi on late Wednesday. The attack came after twin blasts against Muharram procession of Shias in Karachi left three dead and a remote-control blast in Queatta city killed at least five.Eyewitnesses at Rawalpindi's blast scene said a suicide bomber was intercepted by law-enforcement personnel when he was trying to join a Muharram procession. \"The bomber was trying to join the procession by crossing barbed wires and breaking the security cordon. The bomber detonated himself the moment he was intercepted by security personnel,\" said Sadaqat Hussain who was injured in the blast.Deeba Shehnaz, police rescue spokeswoman, said: \"A total of 23 people, including the bomber, have died and 62 injured, eight of them are children.\"The Tehreek-i-Taliban Pakistan (TTP) has claimed responsibility for the Karachi and Rawalpindi blasts. \"We carried out the attacks in Rawalpindi and Karachi because the Shia community is engaged in defiling our Prophet,\" said Ehsanullah Ehsan, the Taliban spokesman. The banned Balochistan Republican Army claimed responsibility for a blast in Quetta targeting security personnel.Pakistan intelligence officials said the extremist groups have escalated bombings and shootings of Shias to trigger violence that would pave the way for further sectarian violence. They also warned of more attacks in the coming days of the month of Muharram.The violence also coincided with Islamabad hosting a summit of developing eight countries, attended by the leaders of Iran , Egypt , Turkey , Indonesia and other countries. Observers said large-scale sectarian or militant violence could hurt Pakistan's efforts to show that it has improved security situation as it hosts a summit of the leaders of eight developing countries in Islamabad.\"The ongoing sectarian violence could hurt Pakistan's efforts to show that it has improved security as it hosts the leaders of eight developing countries,\" said Amir Mateen, an analyst.Home minister Rehman Malik said the attacks were designed to create the impression that the government is incapable of providing adequate security for the summit. \"We are trying to build relationships, get investment in Pakistan and these groups are trying to derail the process,\" he said.Prime Minister Raja Pervez Ashraf condemned the bombings in a statement, vowing that the country was united and would never submit to terrorism.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "17331058", "title": "Toxic milk whistleblower thrashed to death in China", "text": "BEIJING: The man who exposed the illegal deeds of the Chinese dairy industry, resulting in a countrywide scandal in 2008, and the subsequent exposure of other incidents of milk contamination was beaten to death. The milk contamination had caused sickness to an estimated 300,000 people and resulted in the death of six infants in 2008.Jiang Weisuo, the whistleblower (44), died on November 14 but the official media released information about his death only now. He was attacked by unidentified suspects on November 2 and succumbed to injuries 12 days later, the Southern Metropolis Daily reported.The attack took place on his way back after attending a meeting at a dairy company in Xi'an city of Shaanxi province, where he worked as general manager.Police have detained a suspect, but the motive of the attack remains unclear, according to the report. There is a suspicion that powerful people may be involved in organizing the attack because it is unusual for the police to take such a long time to hunt down suspects in a local area.Jiang began exposing milk contamination way back in 2006 by writing to the local government in Shaanxi. He became well-known in China after the scandal concerning the use of the melamine, a chemical used in the plastic industry, which helped dairies push up the fat content in milk artificially. The melamine contamination caused sickness to thousands of people, who developed kidney complications.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17330474", "title": "Laxman Singh Sodha was glad over Kasab's execution", "text": "JAIPUR: A former federal minister of Pakistan, Laxman Singh Sodha, 82, who passed away on Wednesday evening, was happy to learn that Pakistani terrorist Ajmal Kasab was executed at Yerawada jail.The veteran leader was bed ridden due to old age ailments at his Boknada Jod village in Pali district, nearly 140 km from Jodhpur. Sodha breathed his last in the evening after hearing about Kasab's execution. He was always for giving capital punishment for the terrorist for his role in the Mumbai terror attack. Sodha was cremated at his village on Thursday in the presence of his two sons and other relatives.His elder son Kishor Singh performed his last rites. Sodha was a deputy minister of railways in Pakistan under Field Marshal Ayub Khan between 1962 to 1965. Sodha was a Hindu leader and belonged to Chachra town in Sindh province. Sodha was arrested by President Yahya Khan's government in 1970 as he was suspected to be working for Indian intelligence. He was in jail for two months facing charges of conspiracy against the Pakistan government. He was very close to late Prime Minister of Pakistan Zulfikar Ali Bhutto, who was the foreign minister when he served the Ayub's government as a deputy minister of railways.Sodha had even cradled Benazir Bhutto in his lap during her childhood. \"When she was killed in a terrorist attack, my father had cried inconsolably,\" recalled his younger son.After the genocide in Bangladesh, he openly supported the cause of the people of the erstwhile East Pakistan and for this he was harassed by Pakistani intelligence. The intelligence thought he was involved in espionage activities and was working for the Indian government to destabilize the government in Pakistan.He belonged to Ratan Singot Sodha clan of Rajputs in the Sindh province, who were also big landlords of the region. Fearing religious persecution, he fled Chachra along with 60 other families after getting bail and crossed the porous Indo-Pak border in the Thar desert in 1970 and settled down in Bali, a small town in Pali district. He was given agriculture land by the ruling family of Jodhpur of which his family used to be a subject once.The Pakistan government had announced a prize of Rs two lakh on his head after he fled from Pakistan. A large number of his relatives are still in Pakistan. He along with Rana Chandra Singh,the Hindu ruler of the Hindu kingdom of Umerkot,the birth place of Emperor Akbar, were members of the Provincial Assembly and were also members of the Pakistan People's Party.In the 1971 Indo-Pak conflict, he worked closely with the Indian army in the Thar desert. He helped the 10th Para regiment commanded by late Maharaja of Jaipur then Lt Col Bhawani Singh in leading the assault and capture of the Chachra town, 60 km from the Indian border. Later Bhawani Singh was decorated with Mahavir Chakra for his valour.During this operation, Indian army did not record a single casualty. \"His interest was the safe evacuation of his people from Chachra. But after that, the Indian army had to face a strong resistance from Pakistani forces,\" said Sodha's son. Chachra was later handed back to Pakistan under the Shimla Pact.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17329402", "title": "Nod to bus fare hike from April", "text": "MUMBAI: Less than six months after clearing a bus fare hike proposal, the Shiv Sena-BJP-run BEST committee on Thursday approved yet another fare hike for the city. The hikes-Re 1 for ordinary buses in the first two stages and Rs 5 for AC buses-are likely to come into effect from April next year.The BEST panel also cleared the budget proposal for 2013-14, which indicates a power tariff hike of up to 4% for electricity consumers in the island city, between Colaba and Cuffe Parade to Mahim and Sion.Irked by the power and bus tariff hikes, Congress members of the committee, led by Ravi Raja, staged a walkout from the meeting. \"We also oppose the burden put on power consumers who have to pay for 'transport department losses' (and also a tax on this) in their monthly bills. The BEST should be looking at other avenues to generate revenues and not burden the common man,\" Raja said. MNS member Kedar Hombalkar, too, opposed the fare hikes. \"How can the Sena support a hike in tariff in less than six months? This is uncalled for,\" he said.BEST general manager Om Prakash Gupta said the hikes were necessary to bring the BEST out of the red. \"If you look at our power tariffs, we are the lowest in Maharashtra. We supply power at costs cheaper than those in Gadchiroli.\" He also said as per the budget estimates, the BEST would break even by next April and would have a surplus budget for the subsequent year. \"It is a positive sign. We will also be able to provide best services to our bus commuters and power consumers.\"BEST committee chairman Ashok Patil said the fare hike will affect 60% passengers who travel short distances. Long-distance passengers will pay the same fares. \"Fares have been hiked on the first two stages (up to 2km and from 2km to 3km). These are short-distance routes. We expect to net extra revenue of about Rs 70 crore annually.\"He said the fares were hiked in view of recent rise in diesel prices (Rs 5 per litre) and CNG (85 paise).Sena member Sunil Ganacharya, while not opposing the hike, said BEST should start a 'Bus Day' to create awareness among passengers. \"We should promote BRTS, reduce breakdowns and improve fleet utilization. We should also tap new areas in Thane and Navi Mumbai.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "17328777", "title": "Mass immunization drive begins against Japanese encephalitis", "text": "GAYA: As the anti-encephalitis campaign began in Gaya and Aurangabad districts on Thursday for mass immunization of the nearly 23 lakh children in the vulnerable 1-15 age group, the next three weeks are going to keep the health administration in a tizzy as a similar exercise undertaken about two years back turned out to be a flop show and the deadly disease reappeared with a vengeance in the year 2011, claiming no less than 94 lives and inflicting severe disabilities on the nearly 200 survivors.Immunization is the only way to fight the deadly disease classified as 'incurable' by the WHO with prevention being the only ray of hope. The health officials are expected to exercise precaution as the department can ill afford a second fiasco and in any case, the near total failure of the first campaign has already caused terrible loss of face and credibility to the health delivery system of the state.As per WHO estimates, no less than 15,000 children die of Japanese encephalitis in Asia each year and many more suffer near permanent disabilities.As per the brief given to the field officials engaged in vaccination drive over a period of three weeks beginning Thursday, the vaccine has to be maintained at a temperature between 2-8 degree Celsius and it has to be protected against direct sunlight. Protection of the vaccine from direct sunlight and maintenance of the vaccine efficacy remains the biggest challenge as the 5 ml vaccine vial is to be used within two hours of its preparation.The vaccination protocol prohibits freezing of the 'prepared vaccine'. Some precautions have also been prescribed including the likely effect of vaccine components like gelatin and gentamycin. Children having from more than 100.4 degree f (38 degree Celsius) temperature are not to be vaccinated till temperature normalization.Earlier, on November 11, 2012, principal secretary, health, Vyasji Mishra had a detailed discussion on the campaign details with senior officials including Gaya DM Bandana Preyasi, Civil Surgeon K B Singh and the ANMMCH superintendent Dr Sita Ram. Altogether 1,077 teams have been constituted for the immunization campaign and 550 teams have been assigned the vaccination job in Gaya district, while another 527 teams have been constituted for Aurangabad district.According to DM Bandana Preyasi, micro level planning has been done to ensure the success of the campaign. A senior medical officer has been deputed at each of the blocks, said the DM. A district level control has been established and any laxity in performance of duty will not be tolerated, Preyasi added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17329197", "title": "ITBP DG Ranjit Sinha to be new CBI chief", "text": "NEW DELHI: Senior IPS officer and present Indo-Tibetan Border Police (ITBP) director-general (DG) Ranjit Sinha will be the new CBI chief after retirement of the incumbent A P Singh on November 30.An order to this effect was issued by the ministry of personnel on Thursday, with the government fast tracking the process to dodge any possibility of a setback during the hearing of Delhi Police Commissioner Neeraj Kumar's protest petition in the Central Administrative Tribunal (CAT) on Friday.Kumar was one of the contenders for this coveted job before a government panel kept him out of the shortlist of three IPS officers for the top CBI job on the basis of a complaint from an accused in a case of disproportionate assets being probed by the agency.Sinha is a 1974 batch officer of Bihar cadre, whereas Kumar, who is two batches junior to him, belongs to the Union Territory cadre.Sinha's name for the post of CBI chief was approved by the Appointments Committee of Cabinet (ACC), headed by Prime Minister Manmohan SinghBesides the ITBP DG, the present National Investigation Agency chief S C Sinha (1975 batch officer of Haryana cadre) and former DGP of Uttar Pradesh Atul (1976 batch officer of UP cadre) were the other two in the list whose names went to the ACC for final decision.Anguished by the exclusion, Kumar had recently moved the CAT questioning the procedure for selecting the three officers. He has protested that the government panel, led by the Chief Vigilance Commissioner, benched him on the basis of a complaint from an accused in a CBI case: a position that many in the government seem to be sympathetic to.In his complaint, Vijay Agarwal, brother of a controversial officer of Enforcement Directorate Ashok Agarwal who faces serious allegations himself, alleged that a CBI inspector intimidated him at the instance of Kumar, who was at the time a joint director with the CBI. The complaint raised eyebrows because of the assertion that the inspector called up Kumar in the presence of the complainant to inform him that his instructions had been carried out.Justice R C Jain of the Delhi High Court ordered an investigation into Agarwal's charge. The directive passed on Justice Agarwal's last day on the bench was stayed by a division bench of the HC: something which is cited by Kumar's sympathizers to argue, contrary to the reasoning of the panel that shortlisted the three top contenders for CBI director, that there was no case pending against Kumar when he was excluded from the list.Many in the government fault the committee for failing to factor in the fact that many accused routinely level allegations against police officers investigating them, and that protection against such tactics are built in both the Cr PC and the Delhi Police Special Establishment Act which governs the CBI.In his nine-year-long stint with the CBI, Kumar investigated and solved several cases: from Mumbai serial blasts and Beant Singh murder case to match-fixing and deportation of dreaded criminal Babloo Srivastava.His exclusion from the list had paved the way for inclusion of the fourth senior-most officer in the list of six, Atul, in the select panel of three top contenders - prompting Kumar to move the CAT.Sinha will assume the charge of CBI director at the time when the investigating agency is probing a number of high-profile cases including 2G spectrum scam, CWG scam, coalgate and NRHM scandals among others. He will have two-year fixed tenure as the agency chief.Sinha had earlier served the CBI on deputation as DIG in Patna and also served as Joint Director (Anti-corruption) and Joint Director (Administration) in Delhi.Before joining as DG, ITBP, Sinha headed Railway Protection Force (RPF) as DG and made significant contribution in implementing integrated security scheme at various Railway Stations in the wake of terrorist attack at Mumbai's CST Railway Station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17329998", "title": "Metro extension to Gurgaon delayed", "text": "NEW DELHI: The closure of the Delhi Airport Metro Express has indefinitely delayed the high-speed corridor's extension to the Millennium City. \"Extension to Gurgaon is dependent on the Airport Metro Express. If a new player for the extension comes, managing the line with different concessionaires would be challenging,\" said Mangu Singh, Delhi Metro's managing director.However, with R-Infra, the concessionaire for the Airport Metro Express, expressing a wish to bow out of the agreement, Singh admitted that the high speed extension to Gurgaon was on the back-burner. \"We would prefer if the same concessionaire continues for the extension, though we will go through a transparent international bidding process,\" said Singh.The extension has been in the works for some time. It had got the preliminary approval earlier last year. Completion of the link was expected by 2016. The stations proposed were Palam Vihar station and Maruti Udyog station. The 12km link was to reduce travel time from Dwarka to Gurgaon to as little as 12-14 minutes.The new link would have been the second Metro corridor to enter Gurgaon. The existing line 2 (HUDA city center-Jehangirpuri) already carries over six lakh passengers everyday.\"The link will take a large chunk of the crowd off the Yellow line, as line 2 is called. The link will also provide connectivity to the existing line 2 - at IFFCO Chowk, as well as the Blue line or line 3, as the Dwarka-Noida/Vaishali line is known, at Dwarka Sector 21 station,\" said an official.Meanwhile, the date for the safety audit of the Airport Metro is still awaited. The documents have been sent to the chief of metro rail safety, said officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "toi.com consistently kept our readers updated about sagar arts upcoming and promising mythological show durga on colors. the show which is all set to take 7", "code": "17334063", "title": "Durga's \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcMuhurat\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 today, tipped known names", "text": "TOI.com consistently kept our readers updated about Sagar Arts upcoming and promising mythological show Durga on Colors. The show which is all set to take 7:00 PM slot by replacing Kairee has scheduled its Muhurat today.For the Muhurat, the entire finalized cast along with the makers (Sagar Arts) would be present and will start its first shoot. However, a reliable source informs, Sagar Arts have chosen most of those actors for Durga, who had earlier done mythos so that they have the experience of such costume drama.Accordingly Amit Pachori, who is famously known for essaying the character of lord Shiva will once again don the avatar of Mahadev and Batuknath. On the other hand Daya Shankar Pandey, who kept audiences glued to Mahina Shani Dev Ki as he played Shanidev will now be seen in Rishi Soot's character. Nitin Prabhat, last seen in Imagine TV's Chandragupta Maurya will essay Kartikeya.Apart from these cast, Tarakesh Chauhan, who was seen in the movies like 1942-A love story, Darr and Saaya will essay Rishi Ved Vyas. Kiran Sharad, the rustic beauty from the movie Shudra-The Rising will play Mahashakti and last but not the least handsome Krunal Bakshi last seen in Sony TV's Dekha Ek Khwab and Meera will essay Indra.When contacted Amit Pachori states, \" I haven't started shooting for the show yet so I can't give you much details about the same but I will definitely like to say that our show is been made on a higher level and in the competition with Mahadev.\"All our efforts to reach Daya Shankar Pandey were futile.Keep reading this space to know more exclusive updates on Television shows, actors, gossips and much more.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17331994", "title": "More facilities to come up at railway stations", "text": "BHOPAL: After installing the travelator on platform number one of the Habibganj railway station, the Bhopal division of the West Central Railways (WCR) is now planning to introduce travelators on the other platforms as well. Besides, other passenger friendly initiatives are also in the pipeline.Divisional railway manger (DRM), Bhopal division, Rajiv Chaudhary told reporters on Thursday: \"More travelators are slated to come up on the platform no. 2/3 and 4/5 of the Habibganj station. Besides, a VIP lounge is also being developed at both the Bhopal and the Habibganj stations.\"Chaudhary announced that following the successful implementation of token system in the reservation office of the Bhopal station, it would be introduced at Habibganj station. \"This would streamline the queues in reservation office,\" he said.The list of passenger-friendly initiatives also includes integrated security system and elevators on both sides of the foot-over bridges (FOBs) at both Bhopal and Itarsi stations, construction of a drive on platform no.6 of the Bhopal Station by March 2013, escalator at Bhopal station, an AC reservation office at the Habibganj station and another reservation office at the Bhopal station among others.Reacting to the transport of 'gutkha,' senior divisional commercial manager (SDCM) Mandip Singh Bhatia said, \"Transport of gutkha is not banned under the Railways Act. It can be parceled and couriered via railways. But once the package is delivered, the state agencies can apprehend it as it is banned here.\"Authorized railway vendors are banned from selling gutkha to passengers,\" added Chaudhary.\"In case of any complaints and suggestions, the commercial control, Bhopal can be informed on 9752416996 through SMS while the Jabalpur headquarters can be alerted on 9752415991. The passengers will receive a reply within 24 hours,\" informed assistant manager operations S P Gupta who was also present at the press conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17331292", "title": "Wrongful arrest could land cops in jail for 6 months", "text": "MUMBAI: If it is decided that 21-year-olds Shaheen Dhada and Rinu Shrinivasan were wrongfully arrested for their web post, then the police involved could face more than just suspension. Dhada and Shrinivasan would have to file a case under Section 147 of the Bombay Police Act, and if the cops are found guilty, they can face up to six months in jail, or a fine, or both. However, prior government sanction is needed to prosecute a cop. Veteran crime lawyer Shrikant Bhat said, \"Such a sanction is usually never given by the government.\" Section 147 of the Police Act provides for punishment for the police for making an illegal arrest, failure of duty, conducting a vexatious search and entry, and so on. One lawyer said the law should be amended to do away with the need for the victim of an illegal arrest to file a criminal case against the cop, or the procedure should be simplified so that sanction is given by senior police authorities and not the existing bureaucratic process at the state home department.To get the cops suspended, the state government has to first institute an inquiry. The suspensions can also be effected through the case filed under the Bombay Police Act.Interestingly, the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC) is silent on punishment to a cop for an illegal or wrongful arrest. Lawyer Amit Desai said, \"There must be an amendment to include a section to that effect in the substantive central law.\"Interestingly, few people know that there is a law to deal with people who lead the police to arrest someone without justification. Section 358 of the CrPC says, \"If it appears to a magistrate who hears the case that there was no sufficient ground for making the arrest, he can award a compensation of Rs 1,000.\" The fine has to be paid to the person arrested for his loss of time and expenses. It must be paid by the person who got the cops to make the arrest. If this fine is not paid, the guilty party can be sent to jail for up to a month. The law assumes significance , because one of Dhada's relatives said a group of people showed up at her residence on Sunday night and took her to the police station. At the police station, those against her internet post coaxed the cops to take action against her.The fine was an inconsequential Rs 100 till 2005, when the government enhanced it to Rs 1,000 to \"make the law effective\" . Desai said this law is rarely, if ever, applied. He also said the fine amount should be increased for it to have any meaning and be a deterrent.The victims can also seek compensation through the high court, but Bhat said, \"The courts usually do not order the compensation to come from the erring policemen, but taxpayer money.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17329602", "title": "Long road to regularised auto fares in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: Transport authorities in Mumbai and Chennai decided to revise autorickshaw fares around the same time nine months ago. Officials in Mumbai promptly released a new tariff card but despite protests from autorickshaw drivers and pressure from their unions, but Chennaiites are likely to face a long wait before the new fares are fixed.Auto drivers took to the streets in Mumbai in February and a group of citizens got the ball rolling in Chennai. The group posted an online petition that was endorsed by 6,000 people by late June. The Tamil Nadu transport department submitted a report with the revised fares to the home department in July.\"After we learned that the transport a report had submitted a report with revised fares, we held a protest in September we were not consulted on the new rates even though we are one of the main stakeholders. Officials promised to hold a meeting, but it still has not taken place,\" said M S Rajendran, president of the state's largest autorickshaw driver union.The new fares came into effect in Mumbai in October. The tariff was determined by a dynamic formula devised by a committee appointed by the Maharashtra government. The Hakim Committee calculated that a monthly income of Rs 12,000 would be fare and, taking into consideration the drivers' operational costs, set a fare of Rs 10 per km.The Maharashtra government later reduced the monthly income to Rs 11,000 and the fare to Rs 9/km. However, in September, due to a change in the consumer price index, the transport authorities revised the tariff again to Rs 9.87/km.The Hakim committee took three months to come up with a report after written representations from 76 stakeholders. While the report was being prepared, the Maharashtra government imposed an interim hike of Re 1/km in March.Meticulous planning and a dynamic system allow for changes in tariff on a regular basis, and autorickshaw drivers and customers have no complaints. The formula considers not just the cost of fuel, but also the cost of living (consumer price index), the rate of depreciation of the autorickshaw and bank loans for the vehicle's purchase.The Maharashtra government implemented the new fare in October and the transport department gave auto drivers a deadline of November 25 to recalibrate their meters and start following the new tariff.In Chennai, however, the average commuter still has to bargain with auto drivers, mostly in multiples of 10.The Tamil Nadu transport department came out with a report on the new fares 10 days after the online petition was submitted to the transport commissioner. Sources in the home department, where the report is now stuck, say that they are still in the process of collecting feedback before they finalise the new tariff. The deputy secretary who was tasked with clearing report has now been shifted out, further delaying the process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17329924", "title": "Illegal cellular towers to be sealed soon", "text": "NEW DELHI: Cellular services are likely to be hit in East Delhi as East Delhi Municipal Corporation will start sealing the illegal towers from next week. As per the findings of the civic body, there are 1470 cellphone towers, of which 588 are illegal. Corporation officials, after a standing committee meet on Thursday, decided that at least 70 illegal towers would be sealed by this month-end.The cellphone tower operators, however, can get their towers regularized by paying Rs 5 lakh penalty. \"We have told them they will have to pay as per the new policy and the old penalty of Rs 1 lakh will not do,\" said a senior east corporation official.The councillors, however, demand some relaxation in this fee. \"Sealing of the towers will directly affect the residents as it will hit their cellular services. Atleast a month's time should be given to the operators so that they get it regularized. If so many towers have come up, it is only in connivance with the officials. Ask the operators to pay the fine and this way we will earn revenue as well,\" said Mehek Singh, chairman, standing committee, east Delhi corporation.To start with, cellphone towers near schools and hospitals will be removed. \"Our officials have prepared a list of towers and the drive will start by the end of the month. Even commercial properties will be sealed, if found carrying out business activities without a valid permit,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17328891", "title": "Witnesses say rumour caused Chhath panic", "text": "PATNA: Rumour was cited by many on Thursday as one common reason behind the stampede in Adalat Ghat lane in which more than 16 persons, mostly children, were killed while returning after offering the evening arghya to the Sun god on Monday.Family members of the deceased and eyewitnesses of the Chhath tragedy, along with government officials and social workers, told principal secretary, home, Amir Subhani, at a public hearing at Patna collectorate about what happened on the tragic day.Eyewitnesses attributed the tragedy to rumours that were heard near Adalat Ghat. Sudarshan Kumar, a resident of Sabzibag and a member of Adalat Ghat Chhath Puja Samiti, said, \"While someone said that the bridge had been damaged, another one cried that electric current was passing on the bridge. This made a lot of people shift towards the narrow lane where many people, mostly kids fell down. Despite the police and volunteers trying to stop the people, everyone pushed one another and the stampede happened.\"Officials of the electricity board and police department were also present to give their statements.Ruby Kumari, the junior electrical engineer who was on duty at the SK Memorial Hall power substation on Monday evening, said, \"We received a phone call that a live electric wire had fallen. To avoid any big disaster we switched off the feeder at 6.27pm. However, our linemen present on the spot informed us that everything was fine and we resumed the power supply at 6.35pm.\"Subhani asked the complainants and eyewitnesses to think carefully and then give their statements. After the hearing, he said, \"We have met people who were witness to the tragedy and gathered important information about the accident. We would try to get more information tomorrow as well.\"Speaking on the sidelines of the hearing, Sunita Devi, a resident of Kadamkuan, who lost her elder sister-in-law Sheela Devi (35), recalled that she could not even reach the ghat that evening to pay her obeisance to the Sun god. \"Suddenly a stampede started while we were going to give the evening 'arghya'. My sister-in-law fell down and could not get up as people stepped on her to move ahead. Power was also snapped for some time and when we took her to PMCH there were no doctors or nurses to attend her.\"Sunita said the home secretary inquired about what happened at the ghat.Kunal Kumar, who lost his niece Payal Kumari, 10, a resident of Langartoli, said, \"I was asked about how the stampede took place, was anyone from the administration present there and what happened at the PMCH.\" Kumar said when he reached PMCH he saw Payal lying beneath the staircase, unattended. TOI had earlier reported that Payal might have been saved had her treatment started at PMCH on time.Lily Gupta, a social worker who rushed to PMCH to donate blood but found that there was no oxygen cylinder at the hospital, said, \"The situation at PMCH was very chaotic and despite the police swinging in action immediately, not much could be done to control the mob.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17331138", "title": "Films should be distributed on the same day in theatres, DVD, internet: Kabir Bedi", "text": "PANAJI: Actor Kabir Bedi has advocated a change in the structure of film distribution in India. Speaking at a discussion on Indian cinema, Bedi said he was looking for the day films would be released simultaneously in theatres, television, DVD and the internet.He said this that though this may lead to some revenue loss for certain players such as multiplexes, the move will help producers and would go a long way in curbing piracy as today people. He felt \"piracy is a big problem\", as today people are impatient to watch movies, and resort to getting pirated copies as movies take too long from the time they release in theatre screens to the time they are available on other mediums such as DVD.He felt the internet could be leveraged to boost sales of content and cited the iTunes online digital store model which he said had sold songs worth billions of dollars by selling individual songs for a dollar each instead of selling the whole album for a much higher price as conventionally done.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17328805", "title": "3 of family among five killed in mishaps", "text": "NAGPUR: Three members of a family died after their bike collided with a matador on Nagpur-Bhandara road under the jurisdiction of Mouda police station early on Thursday morning. In two other incidents on Wednesday night, two people were killed and two injured.Railway employee Madhukar Ablankar (45), his wife Usha and 16-year-old daughter Rina, a standard XI student, had gone to Usha's parent's house at Mouda for bhau-beej two days ago. They were on the way back to their Jaiwant Nagar residence on Manewada road when the speeding matador collided with their bike. Ablankar fell near the rear wheels of the matador while Usha and Rina were thrown on the road.\"Ablankar was supposed to attend office around 10am. Hence, they had started off from Mouda at around 6am,\" said a relative Vilas Dhazode. Ablankar worked as a helper in the divisional railway manager (DRM) office. Police said that Ablankar was not wearing a helmet.According to the police, the matador (MH-32 B9501), which was fully loaded with vegetables, overturned twice after hitting the bike. The matador driver left the vehicle and fled the spot.The Ablankar family is now survived by two members, elder son Pawan (21) and 19-year-old daughter Rani. Due to college exams, Pawan, an engineering student, had stayed at home while daughter Rani (19), a BEd graduate, was staying at Mouda since Diwali.Prakash Itankar, who owns a dhaba on the main road, was passing by and noticed the injured Ablankars. He alerted Mouda police, and before the cops reached the spot, he rushed the injured Usha and Rani to Mayo hospital in his car. However, they breathed their last while on the way.Madhukar had succumbed to head injuries on the spot. Cops are still hunting for the matador driver.In another incident, 28-year-old Mohammad Imran, a resident of Tajbagh, died while his friend is still battling for life after an unidentified vehicle knocked down their bike near Mokshadham crematorium on Wednesday at around 2am. Imran succumbed to his injuries a few hours after being admitted to hospital. His friend Gopal Thakur is admitted at Mayo hospital.At Hudkeshwar, Yavatmal resident Bandu Kamble (45) was crushed under the wheels of an unidentified truck on Manewada ring road. Police said Kamble was directing the truck driver reversing his vehicle when he came under the vehicle's wheels. Fearing police action, the truck driver fled the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17329061", "title": "Cylinder blast in Antop Hill", "text": "MUMBAI: A gas cylinder blast occured in a house at GTB Nagar, Antop Hill on Thursday. The house was locked at the time of the incident. While the damage was restricted to the room where the blast occurred,No casualties were reported and the damage was restricted to the room where the blast occurred. The fire brigade was informed which rushed a fire engine to the spot. The fire was doused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17331057", "title": "Mormugao Port Trust to take multi commodity route", "text": "PANAJI: In recent times, the Mormugao Port Trust (MPT) has been talking about diversifying its handling of EXIM cargo by marketing different cargos. The need for diversification has intensified due to the present scenario of mining in Goa and Karnataka and the looming recession.The port is gearing to meet this challenge and has already initiated measures to change its profile from a mono-commodity port to a multi-commodity port. In order to capture the hinterland market, Biplav Kumar, deputy chairman, along with senior officials of the port visited Belgaum and had an interactive meeting with the officials of the Belgaum Chamber of Commerce and Industry and various other industries like Hindalco , Renuka Sugar and also with the officials of the foundry cluster. Kumar brought to the attention of the officials the various facilities and services available at the MPT and requested them to make it their port of call.The officials expressed a hurdle hindering them from trying out the MPT-the bad condition of the NH 4 highway connecting Belgaum to Goa. They said that if this highway is repaired, they would be happy to ship their cargo through the port. The interaction with the trade was on a one-on-one basis with a view to understand needs and difficulties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17332585", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcLassi\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 makes 3 amigos swoon", "text": "LUDHIANA: The cultural group from Mexico that visited the city to present their folk performances could not stop praising the Ludhianvi hospitality while they were leaving on Thursday after spending a week here.The three-member Mexican folk ensemble \"Son De Mexico\" included director of the group Ulises Monreal, 22, folk dancer Bibiana Daiz Escobar, 25, and digital communication student Diana Laura Valencia, 17. They had arrived in the city for a culture promotion trip on November 15 on an invitation of Punjab Cultural Promotion Council (PCPC) that organized their performances.Davinder Singh Chhina, head of the International Folk Ensemble, PCPC, said, \"During their week-long stay, the artists performed Mexican folk dances in the traditional attire at Maharaja Ranjit Singh War Museum. They visited Ghumar Mandi and other markets of the city. I also hosted them for a Punjabi dinner.\"Ulises said Ludhiana was a \"great experience\", adding, \"People are so hospitable that we felt like home. I assured our hosts that we will come back with a larger group very soon.\" She did not miss to mention the hearty meal of \"missi roti\", \"sarson da saag\", \"dal makhni\" and \"lassi\" as she beamed saying, \"The food here tastes so good.\"Diana chipped in to remind it was not just the food that lured them to come back to Ludhiana. \"I also liked the traditional Punjabi dresses. In fact Bibiana and I have bought a dress each and Punjabi \"jutees\". The vibrant dresses here put up a strong style statement. From the food, I liked 'lassi' and 'rasgullas' the most apart from 'sarson da saag' and 'missi roti'.The Mexicans also learned Punjabi folk dances giddha and bhangra from professional dance trainer Mandeep Singh.\"The Punjabi folk dances were wonderful to learn. We will perform these at our native land for Mexicans to witness this amazing culture,\" said Bibiana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17329686", "title": "Most parents clueless about teens\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 online activities", "text": "NEW DELHI: Parents are not as well-informed about the online activities of their teenaged children as they think they are. Most trust their kids to keep them informed about their activities, believe they will be careful enough to keep personal information to themselves and desist from accessing porn sites. The teens, however, know how to pull wool over their parents' eyes.A sizeable section of teens \u00e2\u20ac\u201d 55% across India, 35.9% in Delhi \u00e2\u20ac\u201d will minimize screens, erase browser history and circumvent or disable parental control to avoid monitoring. But they are far less careful when it comes to protecting themselves online as large number of teens have shared their mobile number, address, photos in \"revealing clothes\" and photos of them \"illegally intoxicated\".A study conducted by the software security firm, McAfee, sought replies from 757 teenagers and 700 parents across seven cities \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata, Bangalore, Hyderabad, Pune and Chennai \u00e2\u20ac\u201d to find out what exactly teens do online. According to the survey, the teens surf more porn, get into fights and explore methods of cheating in exams way more than parents are ready to believe. At least 31% have met 'friends' they made online in real life, reveals The Secret Life of Indian Teens Online.Similar studies were conducted in other countries. \"One of the differences between India, Australia and the US is that in India, majority of the teens access the net through smart phones,\" says Melanie Duca, consumer marketing director (APAC), McAfee.Another notable difference, notes Duca, is that Indian teens are very active on a large number of social networking sites.A total of 97% of the teenagers surveyed have access to social networking and the average age at which they get started is 13. McAfee's Indian 'cybermum', Anindita Mishra, however, suspects the average age at which they start is actually lower. As part of the concealment strategy, kids have learned to disguise their age online. \"Kids change their age and sometimes parents know about this. I have received friend requests from kids who are definitely younger than 13,\" says Mishra.As a generation that has always been surrounded by technology, teens are more familiar with its ways than adults; 51% parents are helped by teens. While this role-reversal may make monitoring difficult, Mishra recalls parents telling her they would get their kids to install software meant to track their activities.The 75% of parents who say \"modern technology overwhelms them\" and are only hoping for the best would do well to get involved and learn the ropes, even if it is from their sons and daughters. Delhi parents, of all the parents surveyed, apparently had the \"lowest concern rates\" about their teens sharing personal details online.But the teens use the net for a lot of good too, like for homework and information on helplines and health issues. Also, if they are bullied, they are likely to tell their parents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "damarukam review", "code": "17333771", "title": "Damarukam Telugu movie review highlights", "text": "Damarukam review: Nagarjuna-starrer Damarukam has finally hit the marquee and let's check out the movie review. The Srinivas Reddy-directed film has been in the news for several reasons and let's find out whether Damarukam movie review can put all those behind.Damarukam Telugu movie review highlights:\u00c2\u00b7 Damarukam starts with captivating narration and animation, with a brief explanation on our mythology\u00c2\u00b7 Ravi Shankar as Andhakasura personifies evil on screen perfectly, and has done a good job. His wardrobe, voice modulation, body language are near perfect. In fact, in most scenes he almost outclassed Nagarjuna.\u00c2\u00b7 Anushka's introduction as Maheshwari amidst Vedic chants is grand. She looks stunning in the songs Kanyakumari and Nesthama Nesthama, but there isn't much for her to do in the film, in terms of acting.\u00c2\u00b7 King Nagarjuna's entry as as Malli is impressive and his introduction chase sequence is well composed\u00c2\u00b7 Nagarjuna has once again go it into the skin of the character and his six pack sequence is a show stealer. Also, the Aghora scene shows the actor's dedication towards his craft.\u00c2\u00b7 The tele shopping spoof by Prithvi as director Pichchi Kaki is hilarious.\u00c2\u00b7 Krishna Bhagawan's timing and witty dialogues like 'Camels must be in desert' evoke chuckles.\u00c2\u00b7 Devi Sri Prasad is one of the major assets of the movie. The Sakkubai song with Charmee is well shot and actress looks hot. This is one of the best numbers of the film. Even the rerecording had taken the movie to next level.\u00c2\u00b7 Camera work by Chota K Naidu is very good. The DI (Digital Intermediatory) work, color grading and images are sharp.\u00c2\u00b7 Srinivas Reddy wrote the script well and did justice to his job.\u00c2\u00b7 The sequence where Lord Shiva orders Nandi to protect Nagarjuna is superb.\u00c2\u00b7 The opening scenes, the interval block, Aghoras fight, Nandi scenes and the last 30 minutes of the film are major the highlights.\u00c2\u00b7 Scenes between Brahmi and Prakash Raj were predictable and dull.\u00c2\u00b7 Much care has gone into the graphics department and the end result is truly superb.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17331173", "title": "NIMBY anger grips Kolar Gold Fields", "text": "The abandoned gold mines of Kolar are likely to host the nuclear waste from Tamil Nadu's Kudankulam power plant.According to sources, the Union atomic energy ministry and the Nuclear Power Corporation (NPC) are keen to see the development of a deep-level waste repository at the Kolar Gold Fields (KGF). They later plan to convert it into a permanent storage facility for its radioactive waste produced by the Kudankulam power plant.Currently, such radioactive waste is stored at several sites scattered throughout the country.The proposal to convert the gold mines of Kolar into a nuclear dumpsite has comes as rude shock for KGF residents. This is largely because they had pinned hope on a recent proposal of the Union government to revive the closed Bharat Gold Mines Ltd (BGML), the oldest gold mine in the country, and allow further exploration in the Kolar Schist belt.Declared sick and shut down in 2001 after 121 years, the Centre last year cleared the proposal to revive the mines, after three parliamentary standing committees constituted in 1994, 1997 and 2000 to explore gold deposits in KGF submitted a report stating that at least 30 lakh tonnes of gold reserves lie unexploited.\"The Centre, on the one hand, assured us the gold mines will be reopened . On the other hand, it's attempting to use the mines as a dumpyard for nuclear waste. This is nothing less than cheating,\" said Diwakar, leader of a union of BGML workers.He also expressed surprise about converting the mines into a nuclear dumpsite, considering the tunnels in the mines have become weak after extensive mining and there is every possibility of the walls caving in. Kolar district administration is clueless about the whole proposal. Deputy commissioner D S Vishwanath told TOI he hasn't received any communication in this regard.The state government seems powerless in the face of the controversy. In 1972, the state had handed over the mines to BGML to be run as a PSU under the ministry of mines. \"We have absolutely no information. But in case the Centre takes steps to dump nuclear waste at KGF, we'll go to any extent to prevent it,'' the CM's office sources said.With this, the Union government is now faced with the enormous task of finding a nuclear dumpsite for the Koodankulam nuclear plan, considering the frayed relationship between Karnataka and Tamil Nadu over the Cauvery river water dispute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17330443", "title": "Online fraud traced to friend", "text": "LUCKNOW: An engineering student of Integral University reported Rs 8,000 missing from his account to the cyber crime branch. The theft was traced to his friend who had stayed with him at his hostel room. On November 10, Shahrukh Khan found Rs 8,000 missing from his PNB account and reported the matter to cyber cell.Police found out from the bank's Lalbagh branch that the money had been spent to buy a book and a computer hard disk online by Mujtaba Rahman, who had stayed with Khan. He withdrew the case after Rahman apologised.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17329359", "title": "Plan B: Hang Kasab at Arthur Road", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra government had thought of putting in place a contingency plan if in case Operation X to hang LeT terrorist Ajmal Kasab clashed with the deteriorating health of late Shiv Sena patriarch Bal Thackeray. The plan B, or the alternative in this worst case scenario, was to hang Kasab within the Arthur Road jail compound by swiftly preparing any necessary infrastructure needed to carry out a hanging.There were, however, fears that the move would have found little legal sanctity as law permits hanging in Maharashtra at only two jails in Pune and Nagpur. If the law did not permit such a move, the government would have sought an extension of the actual date from the court and still carried out the hanging at Yerawada prison, said sources at the senior most level of government machinery. \"This would have been an embarrassment for the government as Arthur road would invited maximum public glare. We were trying our best to carry out everything as per the court's order,\" said a top official.On the morning of November 17, a brief discussion on the possibility also took place amongst senior officials of the government involved in planning Operation X. \"This would have been our option if the two events- Balsahab demise and Kasab's hanging date-had clashed. We would have moved the court in that case for making the required changes,\" said a senior government official who was part of the planning process.Thackeray breathed his last on late afternoon on November 17, which meant that the option, however, never went beyond discussion stage. The nervous government machinery then got back to the drawing board to give final touches to Operation X.Officials of the state home department said several similar alternatives and possible scenarios were deliberated to prepare ground for Kasab's hanging. \"Most of these options, however, were rejected at the deliberation stage itself. To hang Kasab at Arthur Road jail would have also turned out to be against the law, which permits hanging in state at only two locations,\" said a senior government official.Alternatives were discussed in case of the routes to be taken while transporting Kasab from Mumbai to Pune. But it was felt that it was better to stick to the Expressway and create a camouflage within an extended convoy.The alternatives to airlift, either in a public, private plane or chief minister's aircraft were also discussed. But all these were dismissed at an early stage. \"Many of these alternatives were difficult to execute fear a law and order problem. However, as part of preparing a swift operation, it was our responsibility to keep ready all the alternatives,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17329344", "title": "Kasab's empty cell may now house Jundal", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government plans to keep key 26/11 conspirator, Zabihuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal, in the multi-tier special cell where terrorist Ajmal Kasab was housed for four years.The state government spent crores on designing the special cell for Kasab. It was bomb and fire-proof. The 10x10-ft cell has a bathroom, bed and close-circuit cameras. Around 30 meters away is the court where Kasab was tried. \"There was fear Kasab could be killed in jail before he was lodged there. So the jail authorities, in consultation with the government, allowed construction work there.Now Kasab has been hanged and the cell is lying vacant. However, it cannot be left non-operational. The state now plans to lodge Jundal in this cell and try him in the same court,\" said a source in the security establishment.Jundal, a Beed resident, was part of the 26/11 terror conspiray. He guided, motivated and instigated the Pakistani terrorists to kill people over phone. Jundal was in a Karachi control room of Lashkar-e-Taiba at the time of the attacks. As many as 166 people were killed in the attacks. He was caught by the Saudi Arabian police in May this year and deported to India on June 21.Intelligence reports indicate that there could be danger to Jundal's life if he is kept at the anda cell in Arthur Road jail. \"Even an Indian Mujahideen operative and Delhi bomb blast suspect, Qateel Siddiqui, kept in an anda cell at Pune's Yerwada jail was murdered by two gangsters. There were no CCTV cameras and the only camera attached outside the cell was non-operational. We can't take a risk. After Kasab's execution, the feeling of attacking Jundal may increase among some inmates. It's better if he is kept away from others,\" the source said.The 1925-constructed Arthur Road jail has around 18 rooms in an egg-shaped barrack (collectively known as 'anda cell'). \"While Kasab's food was prepared by special cooks, in Jundal's case, he will have to eat the food prepared in the jail mess. Moreover, this cell has CCTV cameras which are monitored by the jail's superintendent himself in his chamber,\" the source said.Policemen said if Jundal is also tried in the same court, it will be time- and cost-effective. \"There have been problems of escorting staff in the jail. Moreover, if he is tried in the jail court, there will be only one case. This would help complete the trial as early as possible,\" the source said. This cell has direct access to the court and even police personnel who are not deployed in that area, cannot visit it.Meanwhile, security personnel outside the Arthur Road jail, who were deployed four years ago, are still around. No barricade has been removed. However, the staff of Indo-Tibetan Border Police (ITBP) has been shifted to another place inside he jail. \"The process and paper work to send the ITBP back has begun,\" said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17331218", "title": "Thieves rob three shops, break-in bid at two others", "text": "CHANDIGARH: On-the-prowl thieves continue to give the city a tough time. Two days after the theft of Rs 8.20 lakh from an industrial unit in Industrial Area, Phase I, thieves targeted three showrooms situated in a row in Sector 19-D market and attempted robbery at two others in Manimajra on Wednesday night.They looted over Rs 50,000, jewellery and valuables from the three outlets. Sudhir Aggarwal, a trader of Sector 19 market, said, \"The police should increase patrolling in the area. Theft of vehicles from the parking space is a routine affair. Though the market has two private watchmen, they don't seem to be enough.\"DSP (east) Vijay Kumar said, \"The area police have been told to increase patrolling at night and shopkeepers instructed to install CCTV cameras at their outlets. Two gangs are under our suspicion.\"Thieves have targeted 1,208 houses and shops here in the past 10 months. The southern division saw most of the thefts. It was followed by the east division, comprising sectors 19, 20, 26, 7, industrial areas and Manimajra. The industrial area, comprising phases I and II, witnessed 298 thefts of the reported 1,208. Besides cash, and valuables, industrial units lost machinery, copper wires and tools, among others.M P S Chawla, an official with Industrial Area Welfare Association, said, \"The police should keep a tab on hard core criminals.\"Police figures showed that there was a sudden spurt in broad day-light thefts by a few notorious gangs that included juvenile members too.The last one month has seen girl gangs striking eight customers in various shops.Meanwhile, a marriage function was also targeted where thieves stole a bag loaded with Rs 3 lakh gold ornaments and \"shagun\" envelopes containing Rs 4,000. The marriage function held at a community centre in Sector 47 on Wednesday night and a case has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17328658", "title": "Ministry's letter to IOC is an assault on our autonomy: IOA", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Indian Olympic Association (IOA) launched a scathing attack on the sports ministry on Thursday, accusing it of interfering in its affairs and the election process ahead of the December 5 polls.IOA working president Vijay Malhotra took strong objection to secretary sports PK Deb's letter to the International Olympic Committee (IOC) president on IOA elections and called it a \"government's assault on the autonomy\" of the sports federations of the country.In a letter to IOC president Jacques Rogge , Malhotra said the letter by the sports secretary to the international body was a \"bizarre testimony of the half truths and distorted facts by the very senior official of the Government of India\".\"To start with, the very fact that Mr Dev has directly written to you and the IOC bypassing the IOA, shows the government's intentions, interests and interference in the affairs of the IOA,\" he wrote. \"The double speak of the government of India is clear as on one hand it says it has no 'intentions whatsoever to interfere in the functioning of the IOA' and on the other it is insisting that National Sports Federations (NSF) should accept it's so called Sports Code.\"The Sports Code of the GOI violates everything for which the IOA constitution and the IOC charter stand for. I am surprised at the audacity of the sports ministry of the Government of India in misrepresenting the IOA at the highest international forum.\" He said adding: \"The only bone of contention between the IOA and the government is the Sports Code which we have rejected outright,\" the letter states.Malhotra said IOA did not have a problem attending a meeting with IOC and government officials as suggested by the sports secretary. \"I have no objection provided sports ministry puts the Sports Code in abeyance,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17330406", "title": "Hearing on Varanasi blast case on Novembver 27", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad high court on Thursday asked the state government to seek instructions and inform it about the withdrawal of cases against the accused involved in the bomb blast at Varanasi's Sankat Mochan temple, Cantt railway station and other places.Passing this order on a PIL filed by Rakesh Srivastava and N Chaubey of Varanasi, a division bench consisting of Justice RK Agarwal and Justice RSR Maurya directed to hear this PIL on November 27.In the petition, the petitioners have said that during the pendency of this PIL, special secretary of the state of Uttar Pradesh had issued a notification on October 31 to withdraw the cases against the accused of terrorist bomb blast on the aforesaid places.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17323891", "title": "Jaipur gears up for some dirt biking", "text": "The National Suprecross Championship 2012 has announced Jaipur as the venue for its 4th round of championship that will be held on November 25. To be organized at the Bhawani Niketan Grounds, the action-filled event will witness professional bikers battling it out on the track to win in as many as seven categories.The championship, which is one of the biggest off-road two wheeler racing events held in India every year, will conclude in Kochi on December 9 with its final round.Apart from last year's winners from all across the country, a number of local riders will also be participating in the event. The track work, which is already underway, is being designed by ex-motocross and supercross expert Kunal Singh.\"Working as per the American standards, the track has been designed to provide ample overtaking opportunities by keeping it compact. Measuring about 600 meters, the track will consist of double jumps and single jumps,\" informs Kunal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17331454", "title": "Why are heroes being treated shabbily?", "text": "This is yet another example of the state treating its heroes shabbily. These fire brigade personnel risked their lives to douse the fires that engulfed the Taj and Trident Hotels during the terrorist attacks on these two prominent landmarks in the city on 26/11. These gallant officers were without bullet-proof vests or any protective equipment to shield them as they came under fire from the attackers. That after four years the state government has failed to present them with the President's medals is a shocking case of bureaucratic apathy.Related story: Four years later, fire brigade yet to receive Prez medals", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17331027", "title": "Govt and opposition must ensure proper functioning of Parliament", "text": "The government and opposition are at loggerheads again at the beginning of a Parliament session, this time on whether the debate on FDI in retail should happen under a rule that allows for voting or one that does not. It would be ideal if they can reach an agreement on this. Given the rather bleak prospects of that, however, we could be looking at a significant amount of time being lost again without any meaningful business getting done. It is time our lawmakers sat down and worked out a system that ensures proper functioning of Parliament even when the two sides don't see eye to eye. The repeated waste of taxpayer money has to stop.Related story:  Mamata Banerjee fails numbers test, no-confidence motion falls", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17332027", "title": "Declare Indore int'l airport: Shivraj Singh Chouhan", "text": "BHOPAL: Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan has requested Union civil aviation minister Ajit Singh to restore the earlier schedule of Indian Airlines flight between Bhopal-Delhi sector, which made possible to and fro journey the same day.During his meeting with the minister on Wednesday, Chouhan also requested Singh to declare Indore an International Airport, which has been upgraded and equipped with all required facilities with extended cargo handling facilities for operating international flight for the benefit of trade, industry and agri-growers, a government spokesman later informed.There is an urgent need for perishable cargo hub at Indore, which will cater to the need of floriculture and pharmaceutical sector, which has immense potential. The detailed DPR of this has already been submitted by the state government.According to the spokesman, Chouhan also urged the Union minister for early allotment of 4.23 acres of extra land to state hanger by the Airport Authority of India in Bhopal. The Union minister assured of an early and favourable decision of the issues raised by the chief minister, spokesman said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17331809", "title": "Making poll banners runs is a tradition in this Vadodara family", "text": "VADODARA: Elections mean brisk business for many, but for a family involved in the printing of banners and hoardings here it is a tradition that they have followed since three generations now. Cutting across party lines, the family has made banners and hoardings since decades.While the family does not remember the exact time since it started the business, the present head of the family Harish Panchal, 68, remembers that it was started by his father late Sukhlal Panchal when Jawaharlal Nehru was the Prime Minister.According to Harish, Sukhlal had studied till standard 10 and had good knowledge of English language. The ability landed him with a job in the Indian Railways as a painter. \"When polls came he used to take up part-time jobs of painting banners. He worked on the footpath outside our small home in the Bhau Kale's lane. He used to work overnight to paint banners and take care of his job in the railways during the day time,\" said Harish.Harish, who used to help his father, went on to graduate in applied arts from the Faculty of Fine Arts of the M S University. He subsequently went to the Jyoti Studio in Mumbai where he painted posters and hoardings for movies. \"I got to know many film stars and Mehmood even inaugurated my painting studio in Vadodara,\" Harish said.While politicians may battle it out in the political arena during polls, Harish's studio has remained a place where they often sit together. \"They sit together here, chat and even have a cup of tea when they come for their work,\" Harish said.Harish's two sons - Purvesh and Pratik - are also involved with the family business now. Harish said that over the years machines had replaced hand painting and flex sheets were used instead of cloth to make the banners. \"We have also changed with times, but I still prefer painting with my hand,\" he said.The work, however, involved working overtime and burning night oil. \"Every body is hard pressed for time and needs their material so that it can be displayed across their constituencies,\" he said. Harish remembers a parliamentary election that had coincided with his daughter's wedding.\"On the day before the ceremonies began, late Ranjitsinh Gaekwad approached me and said he needed some banners urgently. I told him about the wedding, but on his insistence worked overnight to finish the job. The next day he was pleased and when I mentioned that I was in need of some money for the wedding, he immediately gave me some money,\" Harish recalls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17330048", "title": "Hyderabad's first biodiversity museum in \"cold storage\"", "text": "HYDERABAD: It could be a long wait before Hyderabad can have its Rs 100-crore national biodiversity museum promised by the Ministry of Environment and Forests in August this year as not a single rupee has been disbursed for the project so far with some wondering whether the project was in the 'cold storage'.Ministry officials during the global biodiversity convention (CoP-11) held here last month had announced the project 'open' and even agreed to fund its construction. But the promise of starting work at the site within five months seems to have been conveniently forgotten.The one-of-its kind museum as per the plan is set to come up on a sprawling 15-acre land located along the prime Mehdipatnam-Gachibowli stretch. Apart from this, the venue, which already has a biodiversity pylon standing tall in the vicinity, is also expected to make way for a biodiversity park.It is another story that despite the lapse of three months after the much-hyped announcement, the land continues to lay barren with no sign of any development. In fact, the preliminary procedure of transferring the property towards the forest ministry too has not been initiated. The 15-acre plot is currently part of the Andhra Pradesh Industrial Infrastructure Corporation's (APIIC) 450-acre land bank in the area.\"We are aware of MoEF's plans, but transfer of land has not been undertaken so far. It is the revenue department's prerogative to complete the procedure,\" said B R Meena, vice-chairman and managing director of APIIC.While he refrained from commenting on the worth of the property, industry insiders said that its valuation, given the current market position, would be anywhere between Rs 250 and 300 crore.Lashing out at the Centre for its lackadaisical attitude, a highly-placed source from within the department said: \"It is unfortunate that the Union ministry has put the project in 'cold storage'. With the way things are shaping up, I will not be surprised even if the museum plan is shelved.\"According to information available with the state office, the proposal for sanction of Rs 100 crore has been forwarded to the planning commission, but only after the commission includes the sum in its budget outlay that the money can be pumped into AP's coffers. \"It is a long-winding process. But there should be some pressure exerted on the commission both by the central ministry and the state departments to ensure that Hyderabad gets its funds. At present, nobody seems to be very keen,\" said another MoEF official. \"These things take time. We cannot say when it will start. But when the Centre has announced it, they will ensure it shapes up,\" said S N Jadhav, member-secretary of the bio-diversity board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17329320", "title": "CIC to decide on disclosure of MPs' I-T returns", "text": "NEW DELHI: The income tax department on Thursday argued that disclosing income tax returns of public representatives was not in public interest. The case of disclosure of I-T returns of three MPs came up before the Central Information Commission (CIC). The Commission has reserved judgment.The issue came up following an RTI application filed by Association for Democratic Reforms (ADR), a pressure group working on electoral reforms.The information ADR sought was regarding income tax returns of 22 MPs and 20 MLAs. Most have recorded a sharp increase in their wealth.The I-T authorities concerned have refused to disclose the information citing exemption clauses under Sections 8 of the RTI Act.In two cases \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Kumari Selja and Ajit Singh \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the authorities had sent notices to these MPs seeking their response whether the information could be disclosed under clause of the RTI Act which makes it mandatory to seek nod of third party before disclosing personal information related to it.The I-T authorities showed a Supreme Court order which denied providing the I-T returns of a public servant to an appellant as larger public interest was not proved.The ADR argued that disclosure was in larger public interest as it was not targeting any single MP/ MLA but the entire class. It was also argued that MPs are in public domain by their own choice and transparency in their working and financial operation was essential in larger public interest.The group also alleged that several MPs have show exponential increase in their assets which should be disclosed as the issue of larger public interest. The Commission heard both the sides and reserved its decision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17332950", "title": "Activists up in arms against Vedanta Aluminium Limited", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: With Orissa Mining Corporation's petition challenging the Centre, which imposed restrictions on bauxite from Niyamgiri Hills, scheduled for hearing at the green tribunal of Supreme Court on Friday, two outfits opposing the mining demonstrated against Vedanta Aluminium Limited (VAL) at Bhawanipatna in Kalahandi district on Thursday.Kalahandi Sachetan Nagarika Mancha and Niyamgiri Surakshya Samiti jointly demonstrated in front of the collector's office. \"We have been fighting against mining at Niyamgiri in Lanjigarh from the beginning. If the hearing on OMC's petition goes in favour of Vedanta, tribal people in this area will lose more than what they have already lost. We are still strongly opposed to mining whereby the natural flora and fauna of the area will be in danger,\" said Satya Mahar, convenor of Niyamgiri Surakshya Samiti.In March last year, OMC moved the apex court against the Union ministry of environment and forests (MoEF), which withdrew mining permit at the eco-sensitive Niyamgiri Hills - home to primitive Dongria tribes. A couple of months later, environment and forests minister Jairam Ramesh also rejected Vedanta's application for expanding its refinery from 1 million tonne per annum to 6 million tones and its captive power plant from 75 MW to 300 MW.\"The OMC's petition focused more on how MoEF could reject the proposal for mining on grounds, which were cleared by the Supreme Court. The Centre's decision is illegal and arbitrary,\" said an OMC official.However, the Kalahandi citizens' body has said they would continue protests till Niyagiri is fully secured. \"We will continue to fight. Legal course will go on in its own. We are fighting for natural justice,\" said Lingaraj Ajad, a member of the body. He said they would take decision to intensify the protest after hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17330277", "title": "Balasaheb Thackeray's ashes immersed in Sangam", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The urn containing the ashes of Shiv Sena supremo Balasaheb Thackeray was taken in an open vehicle accompanied by a fleet of vehicles here on Thursday and the ashes were immersed near the Sangam, the confluence of the Ganga, Yamuna and the mythical Saraswati amidst recitation of mantras.The urn was brought to the city by Shiv Sena MP Chandrakant Khairey. It was kept at the Subhash Crossing in Civil Lines where people from different sections of the society along with political leaders and workers offered floral tributes to Thackeray.A section of Congress leaders led by Tariq Saeed staged a protest at Subhash Crossing over Shiv Sena's policy of insulting north Indians and opposing their entry in Mumbai. Carrying black flags and holding placards they raised slogans against the Shiv Sena but left the spot after the police intervened.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17330066", "title": "Report pegs APSMFC scam at 57.45 crore", "text": "HYDERABAD: The government appointed chartered accountancy firm which was asked to look into the auditing dimension of the AP State Minority Finance Corporation fixed deposit scam (APSMFC), has found negligence on part of the corporation in matters of handling money.According to sources, the interim report which was submitted to the government recently, through flow charts indicates how the scam was committed and points out the negligence on the part of the corporation at different stages and levels. It also says that the amount involved in the scam is Rs 57.45 crore and not Rs 55.47 crore, as has been previously stated.\"The report confirms the commission of the fraud and points to negligence on part of the corporation as accounts procedures have not been followed while making fixed deposits. It also points to negligence on the part of the bank,\" said a senior official from the Minority Welfare Department without revealing the details of the report. Sources confirm that the report has not named any individuals explicitly, including the suspended employees and the previous managing director. But by showing the process of commission of the fraud, the involvement of people will become clear, they said. The CA has also been asked to audit financials of the last three years of the MFC. A team from the finance department, which is also part of the investigation, has asked for replies from the MFC regarding audit paras pertaining to previous audits which the corporation is preparing. After this exercise, the CA is expected to carry out this audit.The fixed deposit scam made headlines in October following which the CID apprehended four persons. The government also suspended three officials of the corporationincluding the previous MD and vice chairman Ilyas Rizvi. In addition to the CID's investigation, the finance department has been asked to look into the diversion of funds and the social welfare department in collaboration with the vigilance department inspected the role of the minority educational institutions on suspicions of irregularities in disbursal of funds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17329085", "title": "'Skipping breakfast may only add to your waistline'", "text": "MUMBAI: Skipping breakfast may only add to your waistline.A new research says that instead of shedding kilos, people who don't eat breakfast may end up loading their lunch and dinner plates and thus gobbling empty calories.\"There is no denying that breakfast is the most important meal of the day for people in any age group,\" said Dr Jagmeet Madan, who heads the department of nutrition in SNDT Women's University in Juhu. But across Indian cities, skipping breakfast is more common a habit than eating one.The pitfalls of not having breakfast breaking your night-long fast are now clear: the brain may order the body to make up for the loss in a rather unhealthy manner. As the recent research done at London's Imperial College showed, volunteers who missed breakfast craved for fatty and sugary food. After looking at the MRI brain scans of 21 volunteers as they looked at various food items such as salads and chocolates, the study established that people's choice of lunch is actually decided by their breakfast. Scientists said that missing breakfast leads to production of hormones that trigger the brain's orbital frontal cortex, which controls taste buds, to seek sugary and fatty foods.Worse, the study showed that those who missed breakfast eat almost 250 calories more at lunch than those who eat a healthy breakfast. \"Skipping breakfast has a bearing on the body's fat percentage and hormonal profile,\" said Dr Madan.In fact, Indian studies have established that skipping breakfast tells on the waistline. A study done in New Delhi by Public Health Foundation of India (PHFI) compared students from government schools (who consumed breakfast daily) with private school pupils (who didn't eat the first meal of the day) and showed that overall prevalence of overweight and obesity among adolescents who consumed breakfast daily was significantly lower than those who only sometimes or never consumed breakfast. \"Daily breakfast consumption is associated with less overweight and obesity and with healthier dietary- and physical activity-related behaviours among urban Indian students,\" concluded the study's main research Monika Arora of PHFI.Dr Madan said that breakfast intake has a bearing on the person's body's composition.\"Children who missed breakfast had a significantly higher body fat percentage than those who had regular breakfast. \"If you eat a breakfast, you begin your day with higher energy levels. Studies have shown that people who missed breakfast can never really make up the nutritional deficiency through additional intake at other times of the day,\" Dr Madan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17400512", "title": "Naya Raipur\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s cricket stadium gets Gavaskar's thumbs up", "text": "RAIPUR: The newly constructed Naya Raipur's international cricket stadium got thumbs up from the original 'little master' Sunil Gavaskar.\"This is perhaps one of the best stadiums in the country and it should be utilized for all types of matches,\" said the former Indian cricket captain during his visit to the stadium today. Expressing his views on the stadium, Gavaskar said that he never thought that such a stadium could exist in this city.He hoped that this would make cricket achieve new horizons in the state and provide youngsters the inspiration and desire to play in this stadium.He also praised the government for their sincere efforts in making a world class stadium.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17330890", "title": "After 3 years, PCB nod for sewage plant", "text": "COIMBATORE: After a gap of more than three years the city corporation has finally managed to secure a green signal from the Tamil Nadu Pollution Control Board (TNPCB) for its proposed Sewage Treatment Plant (STP) at Nanjundapuram which was mired in controversy after a few residents opposed the civic body's proposal to set up the plant in the locality. The PCB has however given three major directions to the civic body to be incorporated into the project to ensure minimum adverse effects on residents. The construction work of the sewage treatment plant has been stalled since April 28, 2009, awaiting consent from the pollution control board.\"We presented our case before senior officials of the PCB in Chennai, explaining the project details and the proposed modifications made to the initial design and plan. The PCB gave its consent for the construction on November 5,\" said TK Ponnusamy, Commissioner, Coimbatore Municipal Corporation.The PCB had asked the civic body to make some alterations and ensure that the 40 mld sewage treatment plant does not pose any pollution problems to residents. Three important instructions have also been issued which asks the corporation to alter its design and ensure a distance of at least 68 metres from the nearest residential apartment complex which will act as a buffer zone. The compound walls are also to be raised to a height 15 metres along the periphery of the residential complex. The corporation has also been instructed to plant as many trees along the periphery of the 5.2 acre compound.\"We have not been informed about the latest development and will not be able to comment at the moment,\" said a member of the committee of residents from Mayflower Shakthi apartments engaged in the legal struggle.The residents of Mayflower Shakthi Apartments located next to the site identified for the STP filed litigation before the High Court on April 21, 2009 after completion of about 40 percent of the construction work. The court directed the PCB to take the final decision after hearing the versions of both the affected residents and the civic body. The corporation was initially asked to revise its project report and also incorporate the recommendations of an expert committee from IIT Madras. The revised project report was submitted on March 23, 2011 and further particulars and clarifications were forwarded on April 4, 2012.\"Since the project was already started it is not feasible for us to shift it to an alternate location. Further more all concerned agencies with whom we have consulted have ruled in our favour,\" Ponnusamy added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "bhagalpur", "code": "17328672", "title": "Deadly dengue makes inroads into Bhagalpur police lines", "text": "BHAGALPUR: The deadly dengue has made inroads into the police line and affected police personals. Altogether 10 police personnel including a sub-inspector are down with dengue fever.Some of them, whose conditions are critical, have been hospitalized at Jawaharlal Nehru Medical College and Hospital (JLNMCH). SSP K S Anupam, taking urgent steps, have provided mosquito repellents i.e.smoke-coils to keep away mosquitoes and has also requested the civil surgeon and mayor of Bhagalpur Municipal Corporation (BMC) for fogging in the police line areas and police stations to eliminate mosquitoes.Panic-stricken policemen, on the other hand, have given a representation to sergeant major of Bhagalpur for sanitation drive in police line/stations, where policemen are on duty round the clock. The members of local unit of Bihar Policemen Association (BPA) also raised their demand of sanitation besides fogging of the areas.Attention of health minister Ashwini Chowbey, who also is local BJP MLA, has been drawn by the policemen, said BPA office-bearers adding the disease have been reported from different parts of the district for two months and now it has further spread.Over 250 cases of dengue has been detected while more than 600 patients were said to have been down with dengue like symptoms in the district so far and more reports of new patients from different parts pour in each day.Despite such a grave situation, steps to eliminate mosquitoes and controlling further spread of dengue among common masses as well as policemen is sadly lacking, alleged BPA secretary Bhola Singh, saying condition of two policemen - Makeshwar Singh and Bhagwat Mahato (both admitted at JLNMCH) - are critical and platelets are also scarce for transfusion. Singh said more than 15 policemen are currently suffering from the deadly disease.The SSP also said that she is trying her level best to help policemen and check the spread of disease.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17331357", "title": "More than 300 BEST buses to go off roads", "text": "MUMBAI: The BEST plans to cut down on its fleet strength by more than 300 buses in Mumbai in the coming months. This was part of the budget proposal for 2013-14 , which was cleared on Thursday.The plan, if implemented, will have an impact on the 500 existing bus routes, with most routes being cancelled in the near future. Shiv Sena member Sunil Ganacharya said, \"I am opposed to BEST cutting down its fleet. Some of the routes will be badly hit and consumers will have to suffer. In fact, with auto and taxi passengers now preferring buses, we should think of expanding the fleet rather than cutting it down.\"According to budget estimates , the BEST has a fleet of 4,607 buses and has plans to scrap 172 buses in the near future . After removing some more buses, it will be lesser by 321 buses by March 2013. There are plans to scrap 48 more buses in 2013-14 and the total fleet is expected to be 4,288 buses by March 2014. \"In the past, the BEST has never suggested a reduction in fleet,\" Ganacharya said. \"There are new housing societies coming up in Thane and Navi Mumbai and we can reach out to those passengers. We can increase our earnings by introducing new buses. The number of passengers declined from 43 lakh commuters in 2009-10 to 42 lakh in 2010-11 and 39 lakh in 2011-12 . Cutting down the number of buses will not help,\" Ganacharya added.However, committee member Ravi Raja said the fleet utilization had dropped from 90% two years ago to 84% this year. BEST general manager Om Prakash Gupta said the undertaking is ensuring that maximum number of buses are on the roads.With only 0.75 % of the total number of passengers travelling by the BEST AC buses daily, the fleet is incurring losses of Rs 106 crore annually. This was revealed by MNS committee member Kedar Hombalkar during the budget discussion on Thursday.\"Only 9 lakh of the 12 crore passengers ferried annually travel by our AC buses. It does not bring us much revenue and the fleet is incurring losses of Rs 106 crore every year,\" he said. Shiv Sena member Sunil Ganacharya said there were an average of 90 breakdowns daily, which was disturbing. BJP member Dilip Patel said with the monorail and Metro coming up, BEST should gear up for BRTS and deploy AC and other CNG buses on these routes for more profits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "nellore", "code": "17330122", "title": "Muharram with a difference", "text": "NELLORE: The 10th of Muharram (first month of the Islamic calendar) is observed worldwide to mourn the martyrdom of Hazrath Hussain, the grandson of the Prophet, in Karbala, Iraq some 1400 years ago. But in this coastal town of Andhra Pradesh the mourning replaces a three-day celebration. The occasion that falls on November 25 is called Rottela Panduga or the Festival of Rotis wherein the devotees seek the blessings of the martyrs of Karbala.Curiously, people from all religions take part in the festival. The devotees do not mourn. They pay respects to the martyrs and pray for the fulfillment of their wishes. They strongly believe that their wishes are answered once they leave a 'roti' near the tank where the event is held and accept the roti left by other devotees.The festivities are held at a local tank called Swarnala Cheruvu located close to the dargah of Baara Shaheed (12 martyrs). The festival begins with devotees offering prayers to the 12 martyrs from Arcot who sacrificed their lives in a war against the British in 1751. They say that the beheaded bodies of those warriors were laid to rest at this place which came to known as Bara Shaheed dargah.Rottela Panduga is unique as people of all religions throng Nellore town to offer rotis at the tank and attend prayers in the dargah. Rottela Panduga is now a world famous event as devotees from several neighbouring countries including Pakistan, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, and the UAE come for the celebrations.The rotis left in the tank water by aged devotees for getting their wishes fulfilled are picked up by the younger ones seeking fulfillment of their desires and eat them.\"It is widely believed that the martyrs grant the wishes of devotees offering prayers at the dargah,\" said dargah Mujaver Mohammad Rafi. The wish list of devotees is long and varied. Some come to seek 'chadavula rotte (education roti) and others for aarogyam rotte (health). There are also those who seek aishvaryam rotte (wealth), pelli (marriage) and udyogam rotte (job roti). \"A lot of people leave rotis in the tank,\" said joint collector Lakshmikantham who is overseeing the arrangements for the biggest festival in the region.In a recent trend IT professionals have started visiting the dargah and leaving videshi udyogam rotte (job in a foreign country). Ace musician A R Rahman, a regular visitor here, is believed to have won the Oscar after picking up adrushta rotte (fortune roti) about three years ago.The district administration is making arrangements for the smooth conduct of the festivities which begin on Sunday and conclude on Tuesday. The officials are expecting about 4 lakh visitors during the entire festival with about half of them coming on the first day.Finance minister Anam Ramanarayana Reddy has directed the district collector Sridhar to ensure that no stampede takes place near the dargah. The district administration has set up makeshift toilets and installed lighting on the road to the shrine. Arrangements are also being made to provide drinking water to the pilgrims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17328666", "title": "Janwani to bring out Pune's annual traffic status report", "text": "PUNE: Janwani, a social initiative of the Mahratta Chamber of Commerce Industries and Agriculture (MCCIA), has proposed to come out with an annual traffic status report of the city. The report, the first of its kind to be brought out by Janwani, will track various aspects of traffic improvement measures and projects, and even come out with suggestions on the way forward.Officials of Janwani say it is time there is a periodical check on the traffic situation, whereby targets can be set for the immediate future, that is, for the next one to two years, and also have long-term objectives for improvement of traffic in the next 10-20 years.Keeping a track of various aspects of traffic works and projects will help understand how the situation is improving, the officials say.Traffic officials have expressed fears that the traffic situation would worsen if necessary measures were not taken with the collective efforts of all stake holders. \"The present condition of traffic is a symptom of how worse the situation could become in the future. No one has realized the gravity of the present situation. Traffic improvement measures are required to be implemented in a sustained manner, if we wish to prevent things from worsening,'' a senior traffic official said.Over the last five to eight years, many traffic improvement measures and projects had been announced. Many of them, however, have not taken off. Five years ago, the PMPML was formed by merging the erstwhile Pune Municipal Transport and the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Transport.The objective of forming a single public transport body was to provide efficient, reliable and professionally managed bus transport services for the entire metropolitan region, including Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad cities, suburban areas and fringe villages. However, citizens and bus commuter groups have pointed out that PMPML's services at present are in shambles because of lack of adequate number of buses, poor maintenance leading to frequent breakdowns, poor efficiency and reliability of services, thus leading to more and more people opting for their own personal vehicles.Traffic and regional transport officials, who have consistently been pressing for the need for a good public transport, say nearly 700 new vehicles are being added to the city traffic everyday. The Pune Municipal Corporation's Bus Rapid Transit System, introduced five years ago, too, has been a major failure, say traffic experts.Traffic officials had recently written to PMC saying all roads in the city require good traffic infrastructure, such as road signages, lane markings, pedestrian crossings, footpaths, to ensure better traffic discipline and road safety. PMC's plans for improvement of traffic junctions have, however, not materialized.Ends", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "17329119", "title": "Four rob ornaments store, flee after threatening cops", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: Four unidentified men robbed a jewellery store at Kamothe, Navi Mumbai and fled with Rs 50,000 cash on Thursday morning.The armed men assaulted the store's employee with the butt of a gun. One of them threatened two traffic police constables with a firearm after the stolen Toyota Innova in which they were travelling was stopped during a nakabandi in Rabale.Later the accused fled in different directions. \"Head constable Anil Chaudhary and police naik Sandeep Nawale were on duty in Rabale on Thursday morning,\" said Navi Mumbai deputy police commissioner (traffic) Vijay Patil.\"They were on the look out for the SUV that was used by the robbers in Kamothe. When the four saw the policemen at Rabale, they quickly got off the vehicle and fled,\" he added. DCP Patil added that one of the fleeing robbers also threateningly showed the pistol to the traffic cops.The Innova car was reportedly stolen and was affixed with a fake number plate by the robbers to carry out the crime.\"The suspects hail from south India and are in their early 30s,\" said investigating officer at Kalamboli police station, inspector Mahesh Tarde. \"The stolen SUV belongs to a Juhu resident and the accused installed fake numberplates. Our probe is under way,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17328843", "title": "MCA outsources ticket sales, makes merry", "text": "The Mumbai Cricket Association (MCA) hasn't exactly covered itself in glory when it comes to marketing Test cricket at the Wankhede, and distribution of tickets and passes. That has often led to poor attendance in the past despite the promise of a good contest. This year though, things are looking good.While the presence of a large crowd queuing up every morning at the BHA for match tickets is indication of the interest levels among the cricket fans for the second Test, there is also a lot of booking taking place online.\"For the first time, we have outsourced ticket sales to bookmyshow.com,\" informed MCA vice-president Vinod Deshpande. \"Around 25,000 tickets for the 33,000-capacity stadium have already been sold for the first three days.No Cash for Cook and Co:Six years ago, England, led by the inspirational Andrew Flintoff , won the third Test at Wankhede by 212 runs to level the three-match series 1-1. The England skipper had then revealed that the team had sung the legendary Johny Cash's inspiring number 'Ring Of Fire' in the dressing room to lift them.\"Love is a burning thing, and it makes a fiery ring, bound by wild desire, I fell into a ring of fire...\" goes the song. While Alastair Cook wasn't part of the eleven that won that Test, he was in the squad that screamed its lungs out to the number. Cook, though, admitted that the current squad is not a fan of Cash. \"There's a lot of rubbish music played in the dressing room. We don't listen to Johny Cash. This is a young squad, so there is a lot of mix and match.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17331988", "title": "Bhopal Municipal Corporation on the wrong side of heritage care", "text": "BHOPAL: The Nawab's seat at the Sadar Manzil (part of the royal quadrant) was arranged in such a way that the ruler could monitor movements around the building, a symbol of control. Years later, the same 18th century structure is the office of the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC). Its designated one-way street uncontrolled traffic defeats any conservation or restoration ideas for the heritage core of the city.\"Rules have to be implemented and followed by the people. Local government has not got its basics right when it comes to heritage conservation and preservation,\" said city historian Rizwanuddin Ansari. \"How would one appreciate the heritage core of the city when one fears being hit by a speeding vehicle,\" he addedIdeas of demarcation of heritage zones, its restoration and preservation have been put forth by the BMC to achieve cultural, social, and economical potential from these sites.The royal quadrant (Sadar Manzil, Shaukat Mahal, Moti Mahal, Sheesh Mahal, Maaji Ki Haveli, Hameed Manzil) has attracted Hollywood and Bollywood filmmakers over the years. Without any significant restoration or preservation, heritage conservationists fear it may not be a long term destination.\"Parking, sanitation, traffic, improper use of heritage homes, the depleting living eco-system are issues that cannot be neglected,\" said heritage activist Sikander Malik. \"Ideas pertaining to adaptive use of heritage buildings and generating awareness in people are needed so that they take pride in living in the walled city,\" he added.'Zero-tolerance for traffic violation in heritage zones'Heritage zones in the city will be declared 'traffic zero-tolerance' zones to curb driving violations, averred district collector Nikunj Shrivastava here on Thursday. The objective behind the move is to make the road users strictly follow the traffic rules, failing which the violators would be liable for punishment.\"Protecting city's heritage structure and buildings is being taken up in the upcoming city master plan. It would include a comprehensive city mobility plan,\" said Shrivastava. He conceded buses, autos and other vehicles running amok was a problem and more traffic police personnel were needed for better enforcement.Crowd management the keyThe great cultural, social, and economical potential for the project cannot be fulfilled without accessibility. Heavy car and motorized two-wheeler traffic that currently overwhelms the existing site must be redirected to allow for a quieter and more pedestrian-friendly environment. Experts say crowd management will be crucial for enhancing the urban experience of the precinct and must be maintained by allowing an easier flow of people through the site.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17331234", "title": "Madel land as parking lot gets official green signal", "text": "MARGAO: The proposal of the Margao Municipal Council (MMC) to put to use the two adjoining plots of land at Madel developed by it recently as parking space has received official sanction, with the South Goa district magistrate notifying the over 4,000 sq m of land as parking area for vehicles.While one part of the area has been earmarked for parking for three- and four-wheelers, the other part has been notified as parking area for two-wheelers, the notification issued on November 16 states.\"A joint inspection was conducted of the site in question by the MMC chairperson, officials of the PWD and the national highway authority of India (NHAI) in the presence of the district magistrate, South Goa, wherein it was decided to shift the parking of two-wheelers and four-wheelers along the national highway, opposite Kadamba bus stand to the newly filled land,\" the notification issued by the district magistrate, N D Agrawal, says.The notification has been issued in exercise of powers conferred on the district magistrate under Sections 115 and 116 of the Motor Vehicles Act, 1998.The district magistrate has, in the same notification, further directed the \"installing authorities\" to install three cautionary signboards each in the two plots of land demarcating the locations as parking areas.The parking of two wheelers, three- wheelers and four-wheelers along the KTC bus stand is made \"no parking\", the notification adds. The district magistrate has directed the chief officer of the MMC to \"take necessary action and to submit a compliance report within 15 days\".Chief officer of the MMC Srinet Kothwale said that the area will be used for parking as a temporary arrangement until the civic body's proposal of constructing a parking plaza at the site takes concrete shape.The MMC is also in the process of developing another almost 20,000 sq m of land near the Colva circle, also to be used for parking. The MMC has already invited quotations from engineering firms to conduct a contour survey of the land so as to submit technical details to the town and country planning (TCP) department to obtain its NOC for land filling of the area.Over the large number of handcarts which are seen plying their trade from the area that has now been notified for parking, Kothwale said that stern action will be taken against them. \"No handcarts will be allowed at that place. No way. The area will be used purely for parking purpose. Handcarts found operating from the place will be demolished and owners prosecuted,\" Kothwale said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17329652", "title": "3 cops face probe after woman alleges harassment", "text": "CHENNAI: Three policemen, including an inspector, have been asked to appear for an inquiry after a 22-year-old woman complained that the three along with Prabhakar (name changed), a businessman, harassed her in a hotel room in Pallavaram.Meanwhile, Prabhakar filed a separate complaint against Pramila. Police registered both complaints and issued community service registers (CSR), a preliminary document before an FIR is filed. An assistant commissioner of the St Thomas Mount police district has been told to conduct the inquiry.In his complaint, Prabhakar said he became acquainted with Pramila, an escort girl who lived at a working women's hostel in Choolaimedu, through a common friend and invited her for a party at a hotel in Pallavaram about a month ago.The three policemen, said to be friends of the businessman, had visited the hotel just before Prabhakar and Pramila arrived and booked three rooms. Prabhakar and the woman stayed in one room. Later, the businessman said he had some urgent business and went out, leaving Pramila with the others. A quarrel ensued among them and Pramila managed to slip away from the hotel without informing him. After Prabhakar returned, he found his five sovereigns of gold jewellery missing. When he tried to reach Pramila, her mobile phone was switched off.On Wednesday, Prabhakar contacted Pramila again and asked her to meet him at the same hotel. When she went there, Prabhakar and the three others, who were in plain clothes, confined her to the room and harassed her, she said in her complaint.They demanded that she admit to stealing the gold chain from Prabhakar. In her complaint, Pramila said they threatened and snatched her gold chain before chasing her away from the hotel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17331437", "title": "KCR urges \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcunhappy\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 T-leaders to join TRS", "text": "HYDERABAD: In what could end up as a controversial call, Telangana Rashtra Samithi (TRS) chief K Chandrashekar Rao has reportedly urged the Telangana Congress leaders who are unhappy with their party's stance on the separate state demand to join the TRS and warned that those who do not would be branded as traitors of Telangana (Telangana drohi).Preparing for the big show on November 25 in Suryapet, where he would address a public rally titled 'Telangana Samara Bheri' (Telangana War Drum), KCR is mulling using the platform to give a call to Telangana leaders from other parties to join hands with him. \"KCR will beat the war drum at Suryapet and the message would be loud and clear; only a united fight can realise Telangana and those who are up to fragmenting the movement are Telangana drohis,\" said B Vinod Kumar, a TRS politburo member.TRS sources claimed that at least five T-Congress MPs and some 25 MLAs are in touch with them. They also claimed that seven Telugu Desam Party (TDP) MLAs of the region were knocking on their door. \"The state is heading towards political polarisation ahead of the general election.While meeting leaders of the Telangana Joint Action Committee (TJAC) on Wednesday , KCR took stock of the situation and said it was better for TCongress leaders to join the TRS rather than forming a separate party as he felt it would adversely hit the Telangana movement. \"KCR is of the opinion that if the T Congress leaders are earnest about Telangana , let them join the TRS. If they indulge in empty rhetoric just to score some political brownie points, they would be dubbed as Telangana drohi,\" was the view that KCR expressed, said a TJAC leader, who attended the meeting.\"We are weighing all possible options to realise Telangana . We still hope the Union government comes clear before December 9. Our further course of action will depend on the final outcome,\" Nalgonda Congress MLA Komatireddy Venkat Reddy told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17331200", "title": "I-card must for cheaper meals at Stu-C", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Showing one's identity card to get food items at the \"old rates,\" i.e. 10-20% lesser than the revised ones, is now mandatory at the Student Centre at Panjab University. After the hunger strike on the campus by PU students, the university has made it mandatory for students to carry their identity cards to avail the price rollback in meals at the student centre.This will be applicable till the next meeting of the dean, student welfare, other officials of his office, student leaders besides other university functionaries . \"We have issued a circular to shop owners and they have been conveyed telephonically too to offer food to the students at the old rates on showing their identity cards. Outsiders will not be getting the privilege though,\" said Amrik Singh Ahluwalia, dean, student welfare, PU. Students however grumble and allege that shop owners at the student centre continue to take advantage of students who are unaware about this decision. \"A notice should have been put up for students in all the hostels and departments about the decision the university took, even if it is a temporary one,\" said a PU MSc-I student, requesting anonymity. \"Shop owners are hiding this fact from students that they would get food items at the old rates on showing of their identity cards. Students should be made aware about this, so that they produce their identity cards at the Student Centre outlets to get food at the old rates,\" said Sunny Mehta, a PU student. Besides, hostel students whose family income is Rs 3 lakh or less are required to produce an affidavit to get a subsidy of Rs. 1,360 per month on their mess bill from PU. This will effectively bring down their mess bill to the same amount that they paid before the recent hike of Rs 3.5 per meal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "17330307", "title": "60 students injured in school bus accident", "text": "KANNUR: Around 60 schoolchildren, aged between six and 14, and three adults were injured when the school bus belonging to the Kadachira English Medium School veered off the road and dashed across a dried up canal near Kadachira on Thursday morning.Three others, school teacher Veena of Mundayod, driver Chandorthveettil Balakrishnan and cleaner Chandorthveettil Shaiju were also injured.Police were suspecting that over speeding had resulted in the accident.Around 56 students were admitted to the AKG Hospital, and two in Pariyaram Medical College hospital. Hospital sources said the remaining children suffered minor injuries. Five students, who suffered fractures, underwent surgeries in the morning itself. None of the injuries was life threatening. The injured were rushed to nearby hospitals by local residents and Edakkad police, who registered a case against the driver under Sections 279, 337 and 338 of the IPC.Even though the bus had got a fitness certificate recently, the district police chief has asked the motor vehicle department to conduct an inspection and submit a report to ascertain ist road worthiness.Tourism minister A P Anilkumar, A P Abdullakkutty, MLA, district collector Rathan Kelkar and other officials visited the injured.Police said it is suspected that over speed was the cause of accident, as the front wheels of the bus crossed the canal, and the bus stood like a bridge across the canal.Kannur: Around 60 students and three adults were injured when a school bus fell into a small canal near Kadachira after the driver lost control of the vehicle on Thursday morning.The bus that was taking the students of Kadachira Higher Secondary School met with the accident near Kadachira Kottur Mill at around 9.30am.However, a major mishap was averted since as there was no water in the canal. Most of the injured are girls and in the age group of six to 14 years.Around 56 persons were admitted to the AKG hospital, and two in the Pariyaram Medical College hospital. Eight students were seriously injured. According to sources in the hospital, the rest of the students have minor injuries.Five students suffered fractures and an immediate surgery was conducted on all of them. Meanwhile, a class two student, Abhishek, s/o Babu of Kadachira, who suffered an injury on his neck was admitted in Pariyaram Medical College hospital. Hospital authorities have said that he is out of danger. A few students were released after first-aid.Bus driver Chandorthveetil Balakrishnan, cleaner Chandorthveetil Shaiju and school teacher and Mundayod resident Veena are also undergoing treatment at the hospital.Immediately after the accident the local residents and Edakkad Police reached the spot for rescue operations. Police have registered a case against the driver under Sections 279, 337 and 338 IPC.Even though the bus had got a fitness certificate recently, the district police chief has asked the Motor Vehicle Department to conduct a probe and submit a report, to ascertain the fitness of the bus as well.Meanwhile, tourism minister A P Anilkumar, MLA A P Abdullakkutty, district collector Rathan Kelkar and other officials visited the injured.Police said it is suspected that over speed was the cause of accident, as the front wheels of the bus crossed the canal, and the bus stood like a bridge across the canal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17331241", "title": "Land row set to derail suburban rail upgrade", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai Rail Vikas Corporation (MRVC) has threatened to halt upgradation of the suburban rail network under the Mumbai Urban Transport Project-II next year due to a lack of funds caused by the state revenue minister's slowness in resolving a land dispute. MRVC's managing director Rakesh Saksena spelt out the warning in letters to the urban development department's principal secretary Manu Kumar Srivastava and to MMRDA chief Rahul Asthana on November 12. The threat to the project, officials maintained , stems from revenue minister Balasaheb Thorat's delay in settling a land conflict. The Rs 5,300-crore MUTP-II was sanctioned in 2008 under the arrangement that nearly half the outlay, Rs 2,333 crore, will be generated from commercial exploitation of a Bandra plot admeasuring 45,000 sq m; the land \"was owned by Western Railway\" . Another Rs 1,056 crore was to be given by the railways and the state government in 50:50 ratio.Any stoppage of work by the rail corporation is likely to hit projects under MUTP-II : Procurement of 72 new rakes Extension of Harbour Line up to Goregaon Augmentation of fifth and sixth lines between Thane and Diva AC-DC conversion of Central Railway Will lead to project delays and push up costs 'MMRDA can provide funds to prop project'The remaining Rs 1,910 crore was to be raised through a loan from the World Bank .But when the Rail Land Development Authority began the process for commercial exploitation of the Bandra land in September 2008, the railways' ownership was disputed. The Mumbai suburban collector stayed the process and ruled that 20,000 sq m of the land belonged to the state government. The railways disputed the collector's order. The matter went back and forth between the collector and a superior authority , the additional commissioner of Konkan division. The commissioner, officials said, found merit in the railways' stake. Yet, the status quo remained.\"Eventually, on January 19, 2012, the state revenue minister intervened and issued a stay order, reinforcing the status quo,\" an MRVC official said. \"Although the minister has concluded the hearing, he has not found the time to announce his decision.\"Without the money earned from the land, another official noted, MUTP-II can be in peril. \"The process of commercial exploitation take time,\" added the official. \"Further, we fear that private parties, apprehending legal tangles over the land, may not quote a fair price for it. In that case, we will not be able to generate sufficient funds for the project.\"A solution suggested by MRVC is that MMRDA provide it with funds until the proceeds from Bandra land are realized. \"This is the only way the project can be salvaged. Otherwise, the rail system is doomed to suffer,\" said the official.But not everyone is hopeful. \"Thus far in the fiscal year 2012-13 , the railway minister has released more than Rs 300 crore. In contrast, MMRDA has contributed merely Rs 44.5 crore on behalf of the state government. This displays the priority the state gives to the railways.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17330311", "title": "Drunk driver rams car into another", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A drunk driver created chaos on the Judges Bungalow Road on Thursday afternoon after he rammed his car into another car in front of him and also hit a traffic signal. Passersby caught the driver Rajesh Bhomiya and handed him over to Vastrapur police station officials.Investigators said, journalist Manish Macwan was passing by Doordashan Tower and moving towards Judges Bungalow Road when a car rammed into his car from behind. The impact pushed Macwan's car onto a road divider.Bhomiya's car came to a stop after hitting a traffic signal. \"While both cars were badly damaged, Bhomiya was injured in the accident,\" said a Vastrapur police official. Bhomiya was later sent for the medical check-up. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "chhapra", "code": "17328538", "title": "Reality show shoot at Sonepur Mela", "text": "CHHAPRA: Harihar Kshetra mela is likely to add one more feather in its cap when a visiting artist from Saran district and from other catchments area of Bihar would get the opportunity to showcase their talents during talent search programme organized by Reliance Broadcast Network Limited (RBNL) under its 'Mela Ka Big Star'-Season 2 scheme.Earlier, France Television had been given nod for its 'People of Ganga' documentary films in which it would shoot different aspects of the mela including maintenance and sale of cattle, particularly elephants, along with the relationship of farmers with the river Ganga.Confirming this, Saran DM Vinay Kumar on Thursday said, \"RBNL had sought permission to organize audition for the search of talents from Saran and other catchments area of the state. We have provided them necessary permission following the rule.\"He further added that the artists would be provided with security, electricity and a platform for audition which has been scheduled on December 3 and 4.According to Binay Mittal of RBNL, the local talents may take the chance to exhibit their merit in the field of dance, painting, music, mimicry etc and on the basis of their performance, 10 selected artists would be called for the Grand Finale at Lucknow and five of them would be selected. The selected artists would be rewarded by cash prize.This reality show would consist of 12 episodes, he said adding they would be telecasted by the Reliance channel. It may be recalled that the channel had earlier included some features from Sonepur Mela.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "17328948", "title": "Muhamma health centre on life support", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: The villagers of Muhamma did not have to go out of Muhamma for getting medical treatment till last year. The Muhamma Community Health Centre (CHC) had provided the service of seven doctors including specialists to them. The causality units, gynaecology wing and operation theatres had functioned in the hospital round-the -clock. However, now the situation has changed. The CHC is functioning as a mere out-patient clinic with a single doctor.The workers of various political parties, members of several self-help groups and religious organisations have taken out marches and staged dharnas in front of the hospital. Many a time they had blocked the roads creating traffic jam for hours on Alappuzha - Thanneermukkom Road and Muhamma-Kanjikkuzhy Road to press their demands. But the government has failed to take any action for solving their issues.An elderly patient who was taken to the hospital on Tuesday died as there were no doctors in the hospital to treat him. This incident provoked the local residents who broke the hospital's windows and doors.On Wednesday, the police arrested three persons in connection with the incident.State Human Rights Commission on Wednesday submitted a report to the state government demanding immediate actions for solving the problems of the Muhamma CHC. It was commission member R Nadarajan, who submitted the report to the state after visiting the hospital last week with district medical officer C Muraleedharan Pillai. As per the report, the state of the CHC is pathetic and the health department is ignoring this serious issue.Nadarajan said: \"We have submitted some recommendations to the state for improving the service of the CHC.''Muhamma grama panchayat president Deepa Ajithkumar said they met the chief minister and health minister seeking their intervention to solve the problems of the CHC. They promised us that they would solve the shortage of doctors at the hospital before December 9, she added.DMO Muraleedharan Pillai said the government had sanctioned the post of one civil surgeon and four assistant surgeons in the Muhamma hospital.The posts of civil surgeon and two assistant surgeons are vacant and we will soon deploy the doctors on temporary basis to the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17330956", "title": "GE to add several hundred more R&D; jobs in India", "text": "BANGALORE: General Electric (GE) will make an additional investment of $60 million in its technology centre in Bangalore over the next three years and take the headcount in the centre to 5,000 by the end of this financial year. The centre currently has over 4,500 people doing cutting edge research and development in areas like energy, healthcare and aviation and is GE's largest integrated multidisciplinary R&D; centre outside the US.The $147-billion company's MD for the India technology centre, Gopichand Katragadda, said here on Thursday that new hiring would focus on senior level positions to further deepen the technological strength of the centre. \"We have what we call chief engineers, who are people who finally clear designs of products, and principal engineers who support the chief engineers . We will increase the numbers of these engineers,\" he said. There is one chief engineer each for aviation and energy in India now; globally, GE has 15 in aviation and 20-25 in energy.Over the past two years, the centre has developed some 30 products for the Indian market, notably low wind turbines, air circuit breakers, portable ECG machines, and maternal-infant care products like baby warmers. In many of these, the focus has been on keeping costs down through frugal engineering. \"The products developed here now account for 10% of our India revenue,\" Katragadda said. GE does not disclose country specific revenue. The target is to add another 30 products by 2015. The focus on energy and healthcare products will continue and GE plans to add sensing, locomotive and signaling products, the last two if it wins the bid for the Indian Railways' upcoming order for locomotives.Katragadda said more of the R&D; hiring in the coming years would happen at its Hyderabad and Pune facilities. Hyderabad already has about 1,000 employees. In Pune, the company is establishing a manufacturing plant at a cost of $200 million - to manufacture a range of products including wind turbines, sensing products, gas engine components and aviation components.The plant will be operational in the third quarter of 2013. Katragadda plans to co-locate an R&D; facility there.\"Earlier only our research staff were filing patents, now our engineering teams too are doing it, so the numbers have risen sharply. Our per capita patent filings are as good as any of our other global centres,\" Katragadda said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17329505", "title": "Citizens divided over market along Jail Road", "text": "NASHIK: The relocation of the vegetable market along Jail Road to a new spot has sparked off a controversy that culminated in a fight between two groups on Wednesday evening, prompting the local DCP D S Swami to convene a meeting on Thursday.Swami has warned both groups of stern action if their difference resulted in a law and order situation and asked them to work out an amicable solution.He said that in the given circumstances neither the new market place was legal nor the one alongside the Jail Road, as he had got it confirmed from the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) officials. \"The issue is between the NMC and vegetable vendors and it needs to be resolved in a proper manner for a legal market place. The police are intervening only to inform everyone that no one will be spared if they took the law in their hands,\" he said.Meanwhile, divisional president of the NMC's Nashik Road divisional committee Pawan Pawar said that the issue was resolved as the new place for the market was arranged on the plot by K N Kela School and stalls were distributed to vegetable vendors through a draw. He said that there was no reason for the vegetable vendors to refuse to move to the new market place.A local leader, Shashikant Unhavne, meanwhile said that the situation was such that vendors were operating in both the old place as well as the new place and the business of those opting for the new market had been greatly hit.The result of this was that people were coming back to their older places. However, on Wednesday evening the anti encroachment squad of the municipal corporation started taking action against those encroaching on the older place. Meanwhile, the vegetable vendors and those selling meat and chicken were allegedly also threatened by the supporters of divisional president Pawar, following which there was a heated argument between supporters of Pawan Pawar and Sanjay Bhalerao.The issue of Jail Road vegetable market is pending since the last two decades or so. While the NMC has failed to find a solution for the increasing encroachments by vegetable vendors on the busy Jail Road, Pawar made a make-shift arrangement on the NMC plot near K N Kela High School.The Nashik Road divisional officer of NMC, Meena Handor, however, informed that while the new market place area belonged to the NMC, it was not clear if it was reserved for a vegetable market. There were also allegations that supporters of Pawar sat in a tent in the new market area thereby to coerce vegetable vendors to shift to the new location.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "salem", "code": "17330945", "title": "Two more arrested in murder case in Salem", "text": "SALEM: Police have arrested two persons in connection with a murder case here on Thursday.Sixty-year-old P Murugesan was hacked to death by a gang while he was returning home from Shevapet Lorry Market on November 19. We had formed three special teams to nab the culprits, said Annathanapatty police.\"During investigation we found that three persons were involved in the case. We caught one of the accused V Balachandran, 32, on Wednesday and during interrogation he confessed to his crime.\"Based on his statement we have arrested two more persons today,\" police said. The arrested have been identified as P Senthil and Manikandan of from Shanmuga Nagar in Annathanapatty.Balachandran's friend Manikandan, had borrowed Rs 20, 000 from Murugesan last year to buy a two-wheeler. But he failed to repay the amount as promised. A month ago, Murugesan allegedly attacked Manikandan for not repaying the money and after this incident an enmity developed between them. Mankandan joined with Senthil and Balachandran to hatch the plan. The trio hacked to death Murugesan on Monday.The arrested have been remanded to judicial custody, the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17331215", "title": "Locals petrified of nuclear radiation in Karnataka", "text": "Having put their misfortunes behind them, residents of Kolar Gold Fields are now staring at the proposition of nuclear radiation in their neighbourhood.The Union government's unforeseen decision to dump nuclear waste in the now-defunct gold mines has come as a bolt from the blue. \"We've had enough. Just as we thought it's all over, this is a rude shock for us. Why does this country treat us like second-class citizens?\" asked senior advocate P Raghavan, reflecting the town's anger.For residents, the downslide started with the closure of the Bharat Gold Mines Limited (BGML) in April 2000. The once buzzing township , given the name of 'Little England' , largely because of the presence of many Anglo-Indians , turned completely lifeless.The township, with its population of 1.2 lakh, which till then depended on BGML for survival, found it hard to adapt to the harsh new reality.The closure affected every aspect of life and the physical environment too. The local economy shrunk, and people started migrating to neighbouring cities in search of jobs. Former workers say they had no alternative means of earning a livelihood.But this was just the beginning. The deadly silicosis disease struck the town, making the people's lives even more miserable. The gold mining process at KGF generated about 32 million tonnes of tailings called cyanide dumps. Years of inhaling the gold dust aggravated the silicosis ailment among the former workers and their families living close to the site.Since 2005, the disease, it is said, killed over 100 people in this town, the highest incidence reported in the state.With their own lives a shambles, workers hoped their children, armed with an education they themselves did not get, would build new lives. They now see that dream being shattered, under the threat of nuclear waste dumping.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17329790", "title": "SP, BSP come to govt's rescue in Parliament", "text": "NEW DELHI: Uttar Pradesh satraps Mulayam Singh Yadav and Mayawati stood by Congress as the government's confrontation with BJP and Left over the demand for headcount on FDI in multi-brand retail worsened, stalling Parliament on the opening day of the winter session.BJP, which along with the Left is insisting on a vote on the issue, rejected Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's request to drop its demand.While it raised fears of a prolonged stalemate, government had the comfort of SP and BSP standing by it to avert the picture of UPA's complete isolation. DMK has already said it is opposed to the issue.The UP outfits continued the pattern of bailing out the Centre at key junctures as has happened since UPA-2 came to power. Samajwadi Party members rushed to the well in Lok Sabha to protest the cap on subsidized cooking gas cylinders while the Bahujan camp was vociferous in demanding that constitutional amendment for reservation in promotions be taken up first for discussion.Lok Sabha MPs Shailender Kumar and Reoti Raman Singh moved an adjournment motion as well as demand for discussion under non-voting clause on FDI, making it clear that SP was not keen on joining ranks with the opposition bloc.SP and BSP's decision to not attach high priority to the issue did not surprise the opposition camp which felt the political interest of these parties were different. The Samajwadi camp said it was opposed to FDI but added that it would not implement it in UP since the bill gives independence to states.Asked if SP, which said it was opposed to FDI, would seek discussion under the voting clause, party leader in Rajya Sabha Ramgopal Yadav said, \"It is the supreme prerogative of the chair to decide what clause a motion should be admitted in.\"Mayawati told reporters that BSP would divulge its stance only after the government finalizes how it planned to deal with the issue. She instead focused on the job quota bill, an issue which led to SP rushing to the well in the two Houses to oppose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17332925", "title": "Companies face flak for exploiting Baitarani", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The National Green Tribunal on Wednesday asked the state government not to allow use of water from river Baitarani to the Brahmani River Pellets Limited (BRPL), which is setting up a pellet plant at Kalinga Nagar.In an interim order, NGT's national bench said water should not be used contrary to the agreement or the purpose for which clearance was granted. Hearing a petition filed by convenor of Baitarani Bachao Andolan Murali Manohar Sharma, working chairman of the Green Bench Justice A S Naidu and expert member P C Mishra ruled that BRPL shouldn't go ahead with construction of its project without obtaining environmental clearance. The tribunal would next hear the case on December 20.Sharma, in his petition, said nearly 100 industries, including BRPL, Essar Steel Odisha Limited and Jindal Steel and Power Limited, were drawing huge quantities of water from Baitarani for ore beneficiation and slurry transportation.\"Without getting environment clearance, these companies have started construction work, which is arbitrary and illegal. The state government has been deliberately lenient towards them. Water scarcity at the time of need will ruin the future of farmers of five districts unless the companies are restricted from doing so,\" said Sharma.People of Keonjhar, Mayurbhanj, Jajpur, Kendrapada and Bhadrak districts depend on river Baitarani. For the last three years, villagers of five districts have been opposing use of water by industries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17329754", "title": "Customs officer dies in train accident", "text": "CHENNAI: A 40-year-old customs superintendent was knocked down by a train at Pazhavanthangal station on Thursday.Police said Sasil Kumar of New Avadi Road in Kilpauk had met a few officials at the Chennai airport and had come to the Pazhavanthangal station to board a train for Chetpet. He was crossing the tracks to the platform when he was hit by a Thirumalpur-Chennai Beach EMU. His body was moved to the Chromepet General Hospital for postmortem. A large number of colleagues of Sasil Kumar gathered at the hospital to pay their last respects.A train passes through the stretch every 15 minutes. During rush hour, a train passes by once every 10 minutes. Kodambakkam, Pallavaram-Chromepet and Urapakkam are the deadliest points with 48,45 and 13 deaths respectively this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17330920", "title": "Contractor held for cheating woman", "text": "COIMBATORE: A school headmistress was cheated of Rs 4.7 lakh by a building contractor who promised to construct a house for her at Puliyakulam in the city. The city police arrested the building contractor on Wednesday.Police said, C Lilliraj Flora, 56 of Jaganathan Pillai Street in Puliyakulam is a head mistress at Ranganathar elementary school at Gandhipuram in the city. On April 13, K Mohan Prabhu, 30, a building contractor of Udumalpet and his friend R Saravanan had approached the headmistress and showed virtual images of some buildings, promising to construct a similar house for her. She believed their words and gave them Rs 4.70 lakh on October 19. When the duo failed to construct the house for her, she asked them to return her money immediately. The duo threatened her with dire consequences.Flora lodged a complaint with Ramanathapuram police station on Wednesday. Police inspector N Velmurugan registered a case against the accused Mohan Prabhu and Saravanan under section 420 (cheating and dishonestly inducing delivery of property) and 506 (ii) (criminal intimidation) of IPC.Police arrested Mohan Prabhu on Wednesday while Saravanan is on the run.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17330779", "title": "Specs that can prevent jet lag, cure insomnia", "text": "LONDON: In a good news for frequent flyers, researchers have developed new 'time-control ' spectacles which they claim reset the body clock to overcome jet lag and insomnia.The high-tech glasses emit a soft green glow which works on the human body clock to change our sleep patterns. Using the device, called the Re-Timer , means long-haul air passengers can step off the plane feeling fresh, even after flying over long distances, say the sleep researchers who created it.Inventor of the glasses, professor Leon Lack said the glasses could also help insomnia sufferers, keep shift workers more alert and get teenagers out of bed in the morning, the 'Daily Mail' reported. \"The light from Re-Timer stimulates the part of the brain responsible for regulating the 24-hour body clock.\"Using a light device allows you to transition your body clock to a new time zone in small steps. This eliminates the sudden change people experience after flying and reduces the symptoms of jet lag,\" said Lack from Flinders University in Adelaide, South Australia. Scientists say the light exposure changes the behaviour of a gland at the base of the brain which controls the body clock.It sends signals to the rest of the body, triggering the production of hormones, which create daily cycles known as circadian rhythms. Those who want to sleep and wake up early should wear the device for 50 minutes in the morning, while those who want to sleep and wake late should wear them for 50 minutes before bed to delay the body clock. The battery powered glasses, on sale in the UK for \u00c2\u00a3162, can be worn while completing daily tasks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17328742", "title": "Union Cabinet okays private sector investment in railways", "text": "NEW DELHI: Desperate to attract private investment in the cash-strapped railways, the Cabinet on Thursday cleared the state-run transporter's plan to rope in the private sector for building new rail lines and plants, and augment capacity, a move that was red-flagged by the unions.With the policy in place, the railways will be able to get the private sector to connect ports, mines and industrial plants with the rail network by allowing them to invest in laying the tracks for last-mile connectivity. The move is expected to lower the transportation cost and help evacuate minerals, coal and finished products from the production centres.Similarly, wherever the private sector thinks that putting up a third or a fourth line is feasible, the government can enter into a build-operate-transfer (BOT) arrangement. Sources said some of the lines could be taken up under competitive bidding through an annuity model for concession periods raging between 15 and 20 years.Railways had earlier suggested that connectivity to ports and mines would be developed by the owner or concessionaire as private railway lines by acquiring land and making investments in it which could be declared non-government railway (NGR) for public carriage of goods.In a statement, the government, however, said the model agreements for private participation \u00e2\u20ac\u201d ranging from NGR to BOT, joint ventures and capacity augmentation via funding by customers \u00e2\u20ac\u201d would be finalized soon.The move comes as the railways, in the absence of fare increase, has failed to generate resources for funding modernization, leave alone capacity addition despite successive rail ministers adding new trains to appease their constituency. In fact, it has repeatedly failed to meet the targets.Although the Cabinet cleared the proposal on Thursday, the government will need to get the bureaucracy on board as it has repeatedly blocked ay attempt by the private sector to get a toehold. For instance, the move to allow private container operators has proved to be a non-starter as the railways decided to give public sector player Concor priority.Similarly, Lalu Prasad's plans for PPP locomotive factories in Marhaura and Madhepura, both in Bihar , are yet to take off despite interest from companies such as GE .Even this time, the unions are opposing any attempt to hand over operation and maintenance to private players, which could deter investors looking to enter the BOT space for building new lines. Citing poor finances, they are, however, not opposed to letting private players invest in infrastructure development, indicating that they are on board for an EPC-like arrangement where the private sector only builds projects, and invests in it.\"We don't have any problem with private sector participation in infrastructure development. But we will oppose if railways tries to hand over operation and maintenance to private companies,\" said Shiv Gopal Misra, general secretary, All-India Railwaymen Federation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17330078", "title": "Punjab Cabinet nod for setting up tourism destination in Ludhiana", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab Cabinet has given approval to create a land pool of government for setting up of a \"tourism destination\" in Ludhiana. In another decision, rules have been amended to now make it possible for the Punjab Public Service Commission to modify syllabus and procedure after approval from the state government.In a bid to boost the civil aviation industry and tourism in the state besides ensuring affordable and comfortable travel to the passengers, the Cabinet also gave approval to amend the Punjab VAT Act, 2005 slashing the rate of VAT to 5.5% (plus 10% surcharge) on the Aviation Turbine Fuel (ATF) supplied to the scheduled and non-scheduled airlines operating at Ludhiana, Amritsar, Bathinda and Pathankot airports in the state. This would make these airports an attractive destination.In Ludhiana, area of villages Haider Nagar, Garcha, Selkiana, Sekhuwal, Garhi, Machian Kalan, Mattewara and other surrounding areas will be developed as a tourist destination. The Punjab Infrastructure Development Board (PIDB) will appoint Public Works Department (B&R;) as the nodal agency to develop this project on Public Private Partnership (PPP) mode.In another decision the Cabinet approved to transfer the ownership of 33 markets (mandis) of the erstwhile Pepsu state to the respective municipal committees. These markets falling under the jurisdiction and administrative control of the municipal committees concerned would be transferred to them on \"as and where is basis\". This would increase the financial resources of the civic bodies which in turn would be used for creation of better urban infrastructure in the cities.In another significant decision, aimed at ensuring the timely conduct of Punjab Civil Service (Executive Branch) and allied services examination by the Punjab Public Service Commission, the Cabinet gave ex-post facto approval to the amendment made in the Punjab State Civil Services Appointment and Examination Rules, 2009 by which the syllabus and procedure could be modified by the PPSC after the approval of the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17332073", "title": "Jharkhand State Electricity Board staff threaten strike", "text": "RANCHI: The co-ordination committee, comprising officials, engineers and employees of Jharkhand State Electricity Board (JSEB), has threatened to go on indefinite strike the moment the board enters into an agreement with private parties on distribution franchises.Reminding the board about the conditions based on which the committee postponed its proposed November 6 strike for a fortnight, convenor of the committee Prashant Chaturvedi said it is yet to receive any document from JSEB about the distribution franchisee agreement.\"From media reports we have learnt that JSEB is going to sign an agreement with Calcutta electric supply corporation ( CESC ) and Tata Power for maintenance and distribution of electricity in Ranchi and Jamshedpur on November 26 and 27, respectively. But as per agreement signed with the co-ordination committee, the board has not given us any detail of the terms of agreement and letter of intent given to the proposed franchisees,\" Chaturvedi said.Thousands of JSEB employees including engineers and officials affiliated to the co-ordination committee,are sceptical about the board's move to rope in private companies as franchisee for maintanence and distribution. Expressing their concerns the committee threatened to go on indefinite strike on November 6 but given the festive season and assurance given by board chairman SN Verma, the committee decided to postpone the strike.Chaturvedi said instead of following the terms of agreement and taking the committee into confidence, the board is now going ahead with its plan to sign agreement with the franchisee.Requesting the board to share the details of the terms of agreement proposed for the franchises, Chaturvedi said job security and interest of the employees must be considered by the board. \"In case board refuses to abide by the terms of agreement... that were finalised during our talks on November 4 we would be forced to go on strike,\" and the onus of industrial discontent would be on the board officials,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17331231", "title": "Kasara Ghat tragedy: Father strangled kids, tried to kill self", "text": "MUMBAI: The mystery surrounding the bodies of two children found near the Kasara Ghat on Tuesday has been solved. In a major breakthrough on Thursday, the Thane rural police said Janhavi (12) and Parag (10) were strangulated by their father , Nitin Shah. He then tried to commit suicide as he was frustrated with his wife, Sonam's \"mental illness\" , the police said. On Thursday morning , the police found Nitin lying in the Kasara Ghat forest with his wrists slit, a short distance from where his children were found dead. He was rushed to Thane Civil Hospital and then transferred to KEM Hospital in Mumbai.Ravindra Sengavkar, superintendent of police , said, \"Nitin was found after our police team conducted a search operation in the area. He was lying unconscious under a tree and both his wrists had been slit. He had lost a lot of blood.\" Later, police recorded his statement and said he had confessed to his crime. In his statement, Nitin said he was fed up with his wife's mental instability , for which she had been undergoing treatment for several years. He wanted to kill himself but was worried about Janhavi and Parag's future and therefore decided to kill them as well. Nitin took them to Igatpuri by bus. They stopped at a restaurant for snacks. Later, he halted at Kasara Ghat, took them to the bushes beside a road and killed them.The police are waiting for Nitin's recovery to arrest him under charges of murder and attempt to commit suicide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17330289", "title": "Children master the art of storytelling at fest", "text": "KOLKATA: Usually, it's the adults who read out from story books and children listen. But at the Citizen's Park lawns on Wednesday, it was a story-telling session of a different kind. While Anil, Pinki, Raju, Disha and scores of other street children narrated wonderful tales, the adults listened with rapt attention.It was a story-telling session of a different kind. Usually, it's the adults that read out from story books and children listen. But at the Citizen's Park lawns on Wednesday, Anil, Pinki, Raju, Disha and scores of other street children narrated wonderful tales while adults listened with rapt attention.Students of Nabadisha, an initiative that provides primary education to street and slum children in 16 police stations across the city, embraced ideas from the stark reality around and added doses of fantasy that only a child's mind can conjure up to weave sparkling stories. It was in the true sense a story fest or 'Golpo Mela' as PeaceWorks, an initiative of The Seagull Foundation for the Arts, had christened.The Share Stories Open Mind project is aimed at nurturing young minds and using the powerful art of storytelling to instill values and develop imagination and confidence on the other. Volunteers, from students to senior citizens, add insight to the project, not just by reading or telling stories, but also by bringing valuable life experience to their works.\"During the course of the past year, we found Nabadisha children had also turned into storytellers. They waited anxiously for the volunteers - not because they wanted to listen to their stories - but because they were armed with stories that they wished to narrate,\" said PeaceWorks director Megha Malhotra.'Golpo Mela' was organized in order to encourage Nabadisha children and create a platform where they can come and share their joys.in true spirit of children's day and encourage the love for stories, reading and story telling and listening amongst children.Children from Nabadisha were joined by students from Loreto Sealdah's Rainbow Children and Heritage's school for the underprivileged.Besides storytelling sessions, children enjoyed musical performances by school band. An art workshop by Arunima Choudhury, mug printing, games, quiz, children's book stalls and PataChitra corner kept the 300-odd children hooked on to the fest.Apart from children from the Nabadisha initiative, students from Loreto Sealdah's Rainbow Children and Heritage's school for the underprivileged were also present at the mela. Storytelling apart, there were musical performances by school bands, story slam open to general public, art workshop by Arunima Choudhury, mug printing, games,quiz and chikdren's book stalls and PataChitra corner. The atmosphere was electric and all the 300 odd children present enjoyed themselves thoroughly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17329096", "title": "Lowest in 14 yrs: 2012 sees 2 AIDS deaths in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: Amid apprehensions of diminishing global funds slowing down HIV prevention initiatives, the city has achieved a feat of sorts by bringing down the Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome (AIDS) mortality to two this year. This is not only an 86% dip from the previous year, but also the lowest ever in the city since prevention initiatives kicked in 14 years ago.The Mumbai District Aids Control Society (MDACS) made the figures public in the wake of World Aids Day on December 1. There has also been a visible difference in the number of people suffering from AIDS, the most advanced stage of HIV when the infection becomes life threatening. This year, 416 have got AIDS as opposed to 790 last year. Experts say the city has come a long way from 2004 when there was a jump in the figures with nearly 278 deaths.However, the state figures still paint a grim picture about the lurking danger of HIV given that as 1,243 lives were lost to the deadly virus till October this year. Though there is a decline in the number of casualties as compared to last year, AIDS clearly claimed more lives in the state than malaria , dengue and H1N1 put together.Integrated Counselling and Testing Centres (ICTC) out of which 5-8% have tested positive for HIV. This year too, out of 2.01 lakh Mumbaikars who got tested, around 5% were positive.MDACS additional project director Dr Balkrishna Adsul attributed the dip in positive cases and deaths to better awareness among citizens and integrated approach by agencies. \"We are now aiming towards zero positive cases and deaths,\" he said. Adsul said most of those who tested positive are in the 20-30 years agegroup.The MDACS figures also show a trend where more pregnant women are approaching the ICTC centres for testing and counselling. This year, 1.03 lakh pregnant women got tested for HIV out of which 365 tested positive. But, on the positive side, more children also seem to be getting Nevirapine, drug administered to babies born of HIV positive moms, soon after birth. Officially, the numbers say that 88.9% babies have received the drug that reduces their chances of getting HIV from 30% to around 12-15%. An expert, however, maintained that unregistered deliveries still remain a grey area.While, agencies fighting HIV/AIDS are rejoicing with Mumbai, still regarded as the epicentre, gaining significantly over the disease, experts have a words of caution. One of the experts told TOI, \"Fresh infections have been coming down in the general population for a while now but what about high-risk groups like female sex workers, men having sex with men (MSM), truckers and other vulnerable groups. Those numbers would also be crucial.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17332725", "title": "Beach fest starts today", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Tourists in Puri are all set to get a slice of art, culture, dance and music of Odisha and that of few other states at the annual Beach Festival, which will get underway from Friday. The cultural extravaganza is being organized by the Hotel Association of Puri (HAP).The inaugural evening of the seven-day festival will get off with the performance by Mahari dancers of Puri-based Rupashree Kala Mandir. A 13-member group from Sweden is scheduled to showcase the country's traditional dance and music on November 25.\"We expect the participation of more than 1,000 artistes from different parts of the country. While the troupe from Sweden has already confirmed, we had roped in artistes of some other countries,\" festival committee president Ramakrushna Dasmohapatra said. Modern dancers and singers from Bollywood are also slated to rock the beach festival.More than 100 stalls have been set up on the beach showcasing handicraft and handloom products of Odisha. There will also be a food joint at the festival venue where visitors can relish traditional cuisine of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17331208", "title": "Gandhi: Destined to fail but manages to be a masterpiece", "text": "PANAJI: It has been 30 years. But if there is one thing Suresh Jindal hasn't stopped doing, it is answering questions about the 1982 multiple-Oscar award winning film Gandhi.Jindal who was the associate producer of the film believes that it took great vision on part of every person associated with the film to pour their energies and finances into a project that seemed destined to fail in its times.After much rejection from producers in India and Hollywood, it took Richard Attenborough close to two decades after it was conceptualized to create the masterpiece.Jindal has also produced Satyajit Ray's only Hindi film Shatranj ke Khiladi. \"Richard acted in Shatranj ke Khiladi and that is where we met. He was a great actor, who read Gandhi's autobiography and was fixated with the idea of making a film on him. His Gandhi project was famously nicknamed 'Dicky's Folly',\" Jindal recalls.Jindal admits to having been apprehensive about the project's success himself. \"I still remember how he handed me the script after a dinner. I took it home and read it all in four hours. When I told him I was in, he asked me if I was trying to please him.\"He recollects how the likes of Yash Chopra and G P Sippy had failed to see the script of Gandhi for the goldmine it was. \"Sippy actually asked me to get him out of it and told me 'who wants to see a documentary on Gandhi',\" Jindal said, feeling the same surprise he had experienced 30 years ago.It was not short of a miracle for Jindal to see how instantly criticism died down once the film was screened. \"Richard got all of Hollywood's producers to watch the film at one go which is a fatal thing to do. If one negative word got out, the film would never survive. But we found our producers instantly. All criticism came to a halt,\" Jindal said.Richard had been introduced to Jawaharlal Nehru because of his association with the Mountbatten foundation. He then met Indira Gandhi who decided to support the film after she came to power during the emergency. Jindal still finds it hard to believe how successful and influential a venture Gandhi has turned out to be. \"Before the film, the world thought Indira Gandhi was the daughter of Mahatma Gandhi because she was so well-known then,\" Jindal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17329659", "title": "Pak beefs up security cover for Indian diplomats", "text": "NEW DELHI: Responding to a request by India, Pakistan has increased security for Indian diplomats in the wake of the hanging of Ajmal Kasab, one of the perpetrators of Mumbai attacks. Governments sources here said that under the Vienna Convention, Pakistan as the host nation was duty bound to provide ample security to Indian officials based there.Foreign minister Salman Khurshid had said on Wednesday that India had sent a missive to Pakistan foreign office asking for \"precautionary measures in terms of protecting our diplomats in Pakistan\".Pakistan has tightened security at the Indian high commission. \"There was a possibility of some disturbance in that country due to the hanging, so New Delhi asked for additional security for its mission and the staff,\" official sources in New Delhi said.According to agency reports, security measures at the Indian High Commission, which are already very extensive, had been further tightened.The Pakistan Taliban has threatened to target Indians \"anywhere\" in retaliation for the execution of Kasab. Indian diplomats in Pakistan have faced threats in the past too.In 2010, two deserters from a paramilitary force arrested for terror links had revealed that militants aligned with the Pakistani Taliban had plans to abduct Indian diplomats and target foreign missions.The men had revealed that militant groups had plans to kidnap Indian diplomats, including the High Commissioner, to exchange them for militant commanders being held by Pakistani authorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17328886", "title": "World taking notice of Neem's many qualities", "text": "NAGPUR: India has known the use of Neem as a wonder tree with marvellous bio-pesticidal and medicinal properties since ages. But now the entire world has begun to realize Neem's potential in both these fields. Doctors and scientists are conducting research to know the compounds and molecules in the plant, which have made it so useful, to bridge the gap between traditional knowledge and its scientific basis.Indian scientist Binay Panda from GANIT Labs at Bangalore, after cracking the entire genetic code of Neem about two years back, is planning to artificially synthesize the compounds and molecules that can be used as medicines. Dr Joaquim Morgado from Portugal is planning to cultivate Neem in as much as 20,000 hectares in Mozambique for mass-scale production of Neem oil and other products for medicinal use.Similarly, Pasquale Mosesso from Italy, along with his research team from State University of Tuscia-Viterbo and the University of Cape Town , was struck with the anti-cancerous properties of Azadirachtin, a compound found in Neem. Though his research is still in the preliminary stages, Mosesso says the results so far have proved that the compound possesses properties to arrest division in tumour cells and showed no geno-toxic effect on the human cell-lines he used to test the toxicity of the compound.Panda, Morgado and Mosesso shared their work with the TOI during the second day of the four-day 'World Neem Conference' which is underway in the city. The conference being organized by the Neem Foundation in collaboration with industry, research institutions and universities has brought together over 100 individuals working on Neem across the globe.Dr Morgado says the Mozambique government has already reserved 40,000 hectares of land for Neem and other tropical trees which can be used for medicinal purposes. \"We have the land. We have proven results of Neem along with certain other bioactive ingredients of plants like Aleo-vera, cashew and papaya on burns, psoriasis and skin wounds. We just need funds, as high as seven million US dollars, which is something not easily available immediately,\" said Morgado.Dr Morgado is also targeting the use of Neem to fight the three other public health problems of South-east Africa - malaria , sleeping sickness and filaria - in the long run. He realizes that the pharmaceutical lobby may not subscribe to this ambitious project but he is ready to go ahead with it. \"I have treated burns, psoriasis, bedsores and severe un-healing wounds with treatment spanning just 96 hours to over 90 days using Neem oil in combination with different moisturizing agents. Instead of depending on the research on compounds and molecules from Neem that have medicinal value, I prefer to use the available Neem-based products for the good of humanity,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "17330733", "title": "Boy battles for life after sloppy surgery", "text": "ALWAR: A seven-year-old boy is battling for life after a circumcision surgery went horribly wrong at a private hospital in Alwar on Thursday. The boy's genitals had to be cut off in an attempt to save his life, said sources. An FIR has been lodged against the hospital authorities after the relatives of the boy created a ruckus.The boy was admitted to Sania hospital in Alwar town on November 10 for circumcision. According to sources, after the operation, some equipment was used to prevent bleeding. However, electric current accidentally passed into his private parts and the boy suffered serious injury. On November 13, the boy was referred to a private hospital in Jaipur. After investigating the case, the doctors in Jaipur advised the boy's relatives to remove his genitals as it was necessary to save his life. The operation was conducted and his genitals were removed. Three days after the operation, the boy was again admitted to Sania hospital in Alwar.The boy is now fighting for life while his relatives are protesting outside the hospital in Alwar. The boy's grandfather Ayub Khan said: \"The circumcision was carried out by Dr Tayyab Khan, a physician at Sania Hospital. He is not a surgeon. The licence of the hospital should be cancelled for carelessness.\"His uncle Fakruddin Khan said that the operation was to be completed in just 30 minutes but the doctors took four hours. \"Two days after the circumcision, the doctors advised us to take the boy to Jaipur. When we took the boy to Jaipur, the doctors there immediately informed us that the boy's private parts were completely damaged and his genitals had to be removed. After operation, we tried to admit the boy in different hospitals but no hospital admitted him. The last option for us was Sania hospital. So we brought him here back after his genitals were removed in Jaipur.\"However, denying the allegation, Dr Tayyab Khan said the circumcision was carried out by a surgeon Hariram Gupta. He said it was just an accident. Former minister Nasru Khan also reached the spot to calm down the situation but all his efforts went in vain. Nasru Khan and the protestors were involved in a heated argument at the spot. The protestors alleged that he was taking the side of the hospital. The hospital administration assured the relatives of the boy that the hospital would bear the expenses of the boy's treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17331276", "title": "Banks tighten purse strings on education loans", "text": "Banks have become stricter thisyearaboutsanctioning loans for studies abroad, following complaints from Indian students about the recognition of foreign universities. They have put in place a number of checksandaredemandingmoredocuments from students.\"We have a panel that keeps tabs on the status of foreign universities. Wegiveloanstostudentswhohavegot admissioninrecognizedandapproved universities abroad,\" said M Narendra ,chairmanandmanagingdirector, Indian Overseas Bank. State Bank of India, Chennai, not only checks the universities but also the student's performance. It asks for schoolleavingcertificatestoassessthe student's academic consistency. \"For universities in Australia and the UK, we contact our representatives there to get more details about the institution ,\" a senior SBI official said.Smaller private banks normally refrain from giving education loans to students wanting to pursue medicine in countries such as Russia. \"We are selective about foreign education loan disbursals. We sanction loans for a medical degree abroad only if the student and parents have a long-standing relationship with us or have strong references from existing customers,\" said K Venkataraman, managing director and chief executive officer, Karur Vysya Bank. This is despite the fact that education loans above Rs 7.5 lakh are fully securitizedasperthemodeleducation loan scheme of Indian Banks' Association (IBA). All banks follow these guidelines while drafting their educational loan products. Banks normally sanction loans up to Rs 20 lakh for studies abroad, in some cases the amount can go up to Rs 30 lakh.Every year, nearly 1,000 Indian students go abroad to study medicine in countries such as Russia, China and Ukraine, among others. Students say that pursuing a six-and-a-half-year course abroad is cheaper than paying capitation fee to private colleges here. \"Privatecollegeschargecapitationfee of Rs 40 lakh for which you cannot get a bank loan. These countries give you the same education at half the price, and banks give loans if the college is reputed,\" said Ameer Jahan of Foreign Medical Graduates' Association.However, banks are hesitating after they realized that the percentage of students clearing the MedicalCouncilof India'smandatory screeningexam,whichallowsthemto practiceinIndia,issmall\u00e2\u20ac\u201d9 %to31%. \"Many students have not cleared the screening test even four or five years after graduating,\" Jahan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17330099", "title": "NRI moves court to get name struck off terrorist list", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Taking cognizance of a petition filed by a US based NRI seeking deletion of his name from the list of non-hard-core terrorists, the Punjab and Haryana high court issued a notice to the Punjab government on Thursday. Justice Ram Chand Gupta issued the notice to the state after hearing the petition filed by one Shingara Singh.According to the petitioner, as per information obtained under RTI, SHO of Behiram police station stated that no criminal case is pending against him. However, his name figures in the list of non-hard-core terrorists.The counsel for the petitioner argued that the inclusion of the petitioner's name in the list of non-hard core terrorists in the absence of a criminal case registered against him anywhere in Punjab, was unjustified. The petitioner alleged that the Punjab police interrogates and harasses him whenever he visits Punjab because he is the namesake of a Kapurthala based criminal with several cases pending against him. Shingara Singh of Kapurthala, he pointed out, has been declared a proclaimed offender.The petitioner alleged that he was arrested in 1997 when he came to India. An inquiry conducted by DSP Harmel Singh, found him innocent. However, he said the police harassed his family members after he returned from his native Jassomajra village of Nawanshehr, which he visited for Diwali in 1998.The petitioner has not visited India since 1999 for fear of the Punjab police. He sought court directions to the Punjab police not to harass him during his future visits to the country. The case will come up for hearing on February 6.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "17329077", "title": "Jewellery worth Rs 90 lakh looted from Ghaziabad showroom", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Unidentified criminals burgled a jewellery showroom in Ghaziabad and fled with loot worth Rs 90 lakh in the early hours on Wednesday. The showroom is owned by one Ravinder Singhal. Enraged jewellers alleged that five major burglaries have been committed in the last six month and even though the modus operandi in all cases is same, police have failed to crack even a single case.Jewellers suspect that security guards deployed in the market may be involved in the crime. They have decided to call a bandh on Friday.Ghaziabad SP (City) SS Yadav said, \"The incident took place between 12am and 2am. The burglars scaled a wall and entered the jewellery showroom through the roof. They broke open three gates of the three-storey building with the help of gas cutters. We have formed three teams to crack the case.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17329524", "title": "Shinde woos Red ultras for talks with 'goodwill' gesture", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the Jharkhand Police facilitating bail for ailing CPI (Maoist) leader Sushil Roy weeks after he favoured ceasefire-cum-talks with the Red ultras in Jharkhand and West Bengal, the Central security establishment is hoping the \"goodwill\" gesture will draw out similar moderate elements within the Maoist ranks back to dialogue.Roy's kin had met Union home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde around a fortnight ago, seeking amnesty on his behalf on account of his terminal illness and old age. Though Roy is charged with sedition, Shinde took a humanitarian view of the request and forwarded the matter to the Jharkhand government, suggesting that Roy be given relief from incarceration in what are probably his \"last days\".Besides the fact that his medical condition makes it impossible for him to go back to Maoist activities, what seemed to have worked in favour of Roy's release is his moderate and pro-talks stand. In an interview to TOI in September, Roy had appealed to the CPI (Maoist) to lay down arms, opt for a partial ceasefire in Bengal and Jharkhand and open talks with the government.According to sources in the intelligence agencies, there seem to be inherent contradictions between the ex-Maoist Communist Centre (MCC) and CPI (Maoist) leadership on matters of strategy as well as action. MCC, which had merged with PWG in 2004 to form the CPI (Maoist), in Jharkhand boasts of many \"moderate\" cadres who believe more in mobilization and less in violence. \"Such moderate elements, encouraged by the Centre and state government's gesture, may come forward to back Roy's call for peace,\" said a senior intelligence official. This may be double edged-sword: apart from opening a channel of communication with the Maoists, it could drive a wedge within the ultras' ranks hitting its cadre and strength.Roy had earlier spoken of talks with the government in Jharkhand and Bengal. \"A large number of our comrades were killed or arrested in Bengal and Jharkhand. The party is in a bad shape. Many opportunists split from the party and formed outfits, especially, in Jharkhand. The ceasefire would benefit the party and help in release of cadres from jail,\" he had told TOI.Roy said he had discussed ceasefire with Narayan Sanyal, another senior Maoist politburo member lodged in Hazaribagh jail. \"We wrote to the CPI-Maoist leadership from jail proposing ceasefire,\" he said, not sure whether the letter had reached them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "17332114", "title": "Tuskers ruin crops, property in Hazaribag", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Despite several attempts of the forest department, wild elephants are wreaking havoc in the tribal villages of Kusunjawar, Paharpur, Chapodohar and some other areas of the Barkatha block in the district. In the last 48 hours, they have damaged a dozen houses and uprooted paddy crops spread over 20 acres of land.About three dozen tribal families fled from these villages to take shelter at Belkappi village where the mukhiya of the panchayat accommodated them in schools and community halls. The villagers said that the elephants not only vandalized the temples but also damaged foodgrains stored there.Here on, the herd of elephants, 27 in number, entered from Dumka via Dhanbad, Bagodar(in Giridih) and went on the rampage. The DFO of Hazaribag west (forest) division, R Thanga Pandiyan, while confirming the incidents of the last 48 hours said out of 27 elephants, 24 have been driven away to Dumka by the expert team from Bankura which was brought in to drive the elephants away from Hazaribag.He, however, said that three other elephants who are still in the Hazaribag forests are perpetrating damage. Following the havoc during the last 48 hours in Barkatha, the experts have identified one male elephant without a tail who is apparently responsible for the loss to property.Bateshwar Prasad Mehta, general secretary of Jharkhand Unit of JD(U) expressed concern over the situation in the Barkatha region and demanded immediate sanction of Indira Awas Yojana units as the poor villagers have lost everything because of the jumbo menace. He also demanded payment of compensation for damage to crop and property.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17400402", "title": "Steel makers smell a rat in iron ore price deal", "text": "RAIPUR: Faced with a huge input cost pressure of iron ore, steel industry in Chhattisgarh has now questioned the National Mineral Development Corporation (NMDC) over its pricing policy, pointing out that the public sector giant was exporting iron ore to Japan at a much lower rate than its domestic sale price.\"Domestic steel industry is struggling for existence but NMDC is exporting the iron ore to Japan, that too at a much lower price. We smell a rat in this NMDC-Japan pricing deal,\" Chhattisgarh Sponge Iron Manufacturers Association president Anil Nachrani told newsmen.Quoting NMDC sources, he claimed that the public sector giant was supplying iron ore to Japan at a much lesser price because of the pressure from the Ministry of Commerce to maintain good bilateral relations with that country. He pointed out that price realization from Japan is even less than Rs 2000 per metric ton for 'CLO lumps' whereas the price of the same for domestic consumer is Rs 5370.Nachrani alleged that a cartel type situation has developed in the country with private mine owners in Odisha and even the public sector company taking advantage of shortage of iron ore. He said nearly 300 sponge iron manufacturing units, which include 100 units in Chhattisgarh, were facing rough weather and many of them were on the verge of closure as steel and sponge iron prices are decreasing and input cost of iron ore was on the rise.He said the NMDC, which has its major operations in Bailadila in Chhattisgarh, charged a heavy price for its run of mine or unprocessed ore from Bailadila deposits besides adding massive royalty and bonus. In the past, NMDC had a yearly price structure which later changed to half yearly and then to quarterly. However, NMDC later restored it to a monthly pricing system.Nachrani said NMDC has been making runaway profits of more than Rs 10,000 crore a year. After two years of break in 2009-10 and 10-11, NMDC has resorted to exports of iron ore to Japan, despite getting a lower realization in exports than the domestic market thereby subsidizing Japan's steel industry. \"This is being done at the cost of India's domestic steel industry,\" he said.The association was planning to take up a series of measures to ensure that the NMDC gave a level-playing field to Japanese steel manufacturers and the domestic players.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17331373", "title": "BMC\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s night squad nabs 4 for cutting trees", "text": "MUMBAI: One of BMC's newly formed night squads nabbed four people at 4am on Wednesday for cutting trees illegally in Malad.The civic body has lodged an FIR with the Malad police against them for cutting the trees in front of a redevelopment site of Francis Co-operative Housing Society. The four people were nabbed by civic officials of the garden and environment department as per directions by the assistant commissioner of P (north) ward, D K Jain . \"The developer had hired four persons for cutting trees at the redevelopment site without permission from the Tree Authority.We caught them red handed,\" said Jain. The BMC had formed night squads to prevent dumping of debris in eco-sensitive areas like mangroves and creeks.Unauthorized dumping of debris on the open plots\u00e2\u20ac\u201dmost of which belong to the defence ministry and suburban collectorprompted Jain to introduce night squads in Malad-Marve in September . Till September-end , the ward had collected Rs 1.6 lakh from people illegally dumping debris at night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17332069", "title": "Saif gets locked in a kitchen", "text": "It's not what you think. The actor had to be confined to a restaurant after a mob got the better of him in LucknowMarriage seems to have had a calming effect on Saif Ali Khan , as was evident during the Lucknow shoot of Tigmanshu Dhulia's Bullet Raja . On Wednesday while shooting in Hazratganj in the heart of Lucknow, Saif and Tigmanshu were taken completely unawares by the over zealous crowd and had to be locked in a wayside restaurant for over four hours till the chaos subsided.Interestingly, unlike in the past- when on the sets of Love Aaj Kal Saif lost his temper at being mobbed - he handled the situation with poise. His producer Rahul Mitra said, \"Yes, there was some problem for several hours. But Saif did not panic at all.\" As a reward, his wife Kareena flew down to be with him, and to ensure the Nawab kept his cool through the rest of the schedule.According to an eyewitness, the scene involved Saif driving through the bylanes of Lucknow. A few cops were stationed at the venue to ensure nothing went wrong. But a few hours into the shoot and the crowd started swelling.\"Saif and Tigmanshu were busy discussing the scene and were oblivious to the surging crowd. Once in a while, Saif waved out to the people,\" said the eyewitness. Things got out of hand when the eager crowd broke through the barricade and headed toward Saif and Tigmanshu. One of them even managed to grab Saif's arm and pull him away. Saif was shocked, but handled it well - he simply used the other free arm to hug that guy, added the source.\"Sensing trouble, the production head rushed Saif and Tigmanshu to a nearby restaurant and locked them inside. They stood guarding the entrance before some more cops arrived.\" But that took a good few hours. Thankfully, with Bebo by his side, he seemed to be eager to put the unpleasant episode behind him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17330514", "title": "Bank robbery bid foiled, 1 held", "text": "JAIPUR: In a perfect example of how people and police can together work to foil robbery attempts, Vidhayakpuri police station arrested a 50-year-old robber while he was attempting to flee with a booty of Rs 25 lakh from ICICI Bank situated at Ahimsa Circle here. Following the resistance shown by the bank employees the robber was arrested with the money.Everything was normally running at the bank till 2.30pm on Thursday noon. The man identified as Abdul Qadir (50) alias Kadar walked towards one of the cash counters while crouching so that the footage would not be recorded on CCTV.\"Later giving a slip to the cashier he picked up 5 bundles containing notes of Rs 500 with a total value of Rs 25 lakh and started walking away in the same manner. However, he was spotted by a woman employee. Fearing that he would be nabbed the robber brandished a sharp knife. But many bank employees and some customers without getting intimidated grabbed him and started thrashing him. The authorities informed the police control room and a team reached the spot within a few minutes,\" said Ravindra Diwakar, circle inspector, Vidhayakpuri police station.\"We arrested him with the money and will investigate if he is wanted in any similar case of robbery in another area. He is a native of Lakheri village in Bundi district and was residing in a rented accommodation in Jhotwara locality,\" Diwakar added.One of the eye witnesses recalling the scene said, \"He was also threatening us with dire consequences if anyone stopped him. Since he was standing in the middle of one of the bank chambers the bank employees and customers decided to nab him irrespective of consequences.\"Senior police officers also praised the efforts of the employees and customers in foiling the robbery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17329810", "title": "83.6 MHz 2G spectrum held back from auction", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre on Thursday admitted that it held back 83.6 MHz spectrum from auction but told the Supreme Court that further directions could be issued if \"something more was needed to be done\" for full compliance of the February 2 judgment cancelling 122 licences allotted in the 2G band in 2008 and directing their auction.The government will have to do a lot of explaining on November 26 as the court had sought an affidavit from telecom secretary R Chandrashekhar on the recent auction of 2G spectrum in the wake of Idea Cellular's allegation that the Centre had violated the 2G judgment by holding back 118.6 MHz spectrum in the 1800 MHz band.A bench of Justices G S Singhvi and K S Radhakrishnan had on Monday said, \"If even 0.1% of spectrum is kept back it will not be acceptable. The government was required under the February 2 judgment to auction everything that had been cancelled. On the 900 MHz band, there could be a debate. But on 1800 MHz band, nothing could have been kept back from auction.\"The bench had also told the government that it had not informed the court anything about holding back part of the spectrum while seeking repeated extension of time to comply with the judgment's auction mandate.Chandrashekhar's affidavit said, \"A total quantum of 95 MHz spectrum (CDMA) was put to auction in the 800 MHz band and a total quantum of 295 MHz (GSM) was put to auction in the 1800 MHz band, making a total of 390 MHZ as against the quantum of 473.6 MHz (413.6 MHz in 1800 MHz band and 60 MHz in 800 MHz band) allotted to the 122 licencees.\"In the auction conducted, no bidding interest was expressed for spectrum in the 800 MHz band. The auction for spectrum in the 1800 MHz band which commenced on November 12 has concluded on November 14 with each participant that bid for spectrum securing the same.\"The affidavit was filed following the court's refusal to accept the Department of Telecom's affidavit signed by an undersecretary.The telecom secretary informed the court, \"There are confirmed bidders for a total of 102 blocks of 1.25 MHz each (that is 127.5 MHz in total) of spectrum in the auction for 1800 MHz band concluded on November 14 as against 295 MHz on offer in the auction. The procedure of auction followed, that is Simultaneous Multiple Round Auction (SMARA) format, was the procedure followed in the case of 3G auction as directed by the Supreme Court.\"The secretary explained that the decision to hold back some spectrum in the 1800 MHz band was guided by the recommendation of Telecom Regulatory Authority of India ( TRAI), balance between demand and supply of spectrum in the auction process and intention of several operators to wind up business leading to participation of fewer bidders in limited number of service areas.However, he said the government was open to abide by further directions from the court for full compliance of the 2G judgment directions.\"In the event of the Supreme Court finding that something more needs to be done by way of compliance of the February 2 judgment, it is respectfully submitted that the Supreme Court may be pleased to issue such further directions as may be deemed fit to facilitate compliance thereof,\" Chandrashekhar said.But the government may find the going tough given the court's observations on the alleged truncated auction, revenue realization from which fell way short of the targeted Rs 40,000 crore.dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17330494", "title": "Rape accused arrested", "text": "LUCKNOW: In separate cases, SGPGI police arrested two men on Thursday. Kamta Pratap Singh alias Nanu was accused of raping and kidnapping a woman from Telibagh and Brajesh Kumar was arrested for kidnapping a woman from Uthratiya and compelling her to marry him. The accused have been sent to jail while both women were sent for medical examination.Nanu was caught from Sarai Khwaja in Faridabad on Wednesday. Nanu is from Amethi while Kumar hails from Shuklaganj area in Unnao. Kumar was caught by police near Kalindi Park, located around Vrindavan Yojana, on Wednesday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17331259", "title": "Probe into gun licence racket in Tirunelveli", "text": "CHENNAI: The CB-CID is probing whether rules were followed in the issue of 32 gun licences in Tirunelveli city this year. New licences are usually issued only after applicants fulfill certain criteria.Preliminary inquiries revealed that the Tirunelveli city police had allegedly collected . 3 lakh to . 5 lakh as bribe to issue the licences. \"We have seized documents submitted by the individuals to obtain the licences. Inspectors had issued no-objection certificates to each person ,\" a CB-CID officer said.Tamil Nadu director general of police (law and order) K Ramanujam ordered the probe.In Tamil Nadu, gun licences are issued by district collectors and police commissioners. Though commissioners have extensive powers to issue licences , there are strict rules to be followed. The CB-CID is checking whether these conditions were fulfilled.In 2012, Tirunelveli city police issued 32 licences, while only two were issued by the Tirunelveli district police. For the same period, Chennai, which has 132 police stations, issued only 15 licences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17329706", "title": "Few parents aware of kids\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 online activities, says survey", "text": "CHENNAI: Nitin Vaz was told by the teacher of his daughter Shasun , 15, that she had become inattentive in class and suggested a health check. Shasun's parents found she lacked sleep as she \"spent hours browsing the internet, particularly visiting social networking sites.\" \"She didn't use the PC in the living room so we never knew what she was up to,\" Nitin said.Indian teenagers are spending more time than expected on social networking sites, a survey has found.The 'Secret Lives of Teens', commissioned by security software firm McAfee, interviewed parents and teenagers in Mumbai, Delhi, Bangalore, Hyderabad, Kolkata, Pune and Chennai to show the digital divide between the two generations. Children in Chennai, it found, spent an average of 3.39 hours online a day, more than Pune (2.97 hours a day) and Kolkata (2.7 hours), but lesser than Mumbai (3.6), Delhi (3.76), Hyderabad (4.18) and Bangalore (4.37).In Chennai, 50% of the surveyed parents believed their teens were more tech-savvy and they would never be able to keep up with their teens' online behaviour.About 51% of the teens surveyed in Chennai believed their parents didn't have the time to check their online behaviour, while 51.5% thought their parents needn't know about every activity they did online and 53% had seen sexual content online that disturbed them and/or made them uncomfortable. This is higher than the average rate of all seven cities put together at 47%.\"The results of the study reaffirm that online behavioural patterns of children need to be seen in a different light and with a lot more gravity by parents,\" said Anindita Mishra of McAfee Cybermum India. Teenagers were meandering their way through an unrestricted virtual world with disturbing experiences like cyber bullying, befriending unknown strangers, getting into relationships and accessing provocative content, she said.Other dangers include plagiarism, with the survey revealing that 47% of teens in all the cities go online and intentionally search for information on answers to a test or an assignment. An equal percentage of parents seem aware of this. The survey also showed a large number of teens admitting to mobile or online cheating. Around 20% of the polled teens cheat on a test using their mobile phone and 21% cheat using different techniques they have discovered online. Among the parents surveyed, 30% were very worried about this behaviour while 22% were not worried at all.Chitra Ravi, CEO of education service provider EzVidya, said responsible computing should find a place in the curriculum. \"Earlier, the first time a person was called to make a decision was to do with choosing his/her first job. Now, children need to decide at 13 or 14 about whether they want to allow a person into their life or even whether to update a status or upload a picture on a social networking site,\" Ravi said. She said parents should try to set up clear communication channels with their children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17330403", "title": "Science fair concludes", "text": "LUCKNOW: The two-day 'science fair-2012' concluded on Thursday in presence of 150 students and teachers from various schools of Lucknow, at Regional Science City.Dr DRV Ramanamurthy, DDG, (NR) of Geological Survey of India, Lucknow was the chief guest of the closing ceremony on the day. About 40 science projects were displayed by school students in three categories - individual project, team project and teacher project. During the fair, Dr Ramanamurthy interacted with students and appreciated the work done by them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17333496", "title": "Vidya simplifies everyone's job: Rajkumar Gupta", "text": "Actress Vidya Balan has finished almost 80 per cent of the shooting of her next film \"Ghanchakkar\", and the movie's director, Rajkumar Gupta, can only sing praises for her .Gupta earlier directed Vidya in No One Killed Jessica .\"It's a pleasure to work with Vidya again. Vidya is one of the best actresses we have. In Ghanchakkar , Vidya plays a character that she has not explored before. She is a brilliant actress and a wonderful human being. She simplifies everybody's job,\" Gupta told IANS.Ghanchakkar is a comedy movie, featuring Emraan Hashmi opposite Vidya. Emraan plays an ex-conman.Giving out a few details of the movie, Gupta said: \"Vidya plays a housewife in the film. She is one actress who can pull off any role. Ghanchakkar is a quirky comedy. We have finished 80 per cent of the shooting. We have been shooting in Mumbai and a major portion of it was shot in Chembur.\"The movie is slated to release June 21, 2013. Gupta says viewers must watch out the film for Emraan and Vidya's chemistry.\"I only visualised Vidya and Emraan for this film ever since we started scripting. It's a very unusual pairing and both of them are doing a fabulous job. Their chemistry is looking awesome on screen,\" said Gupta.The movie is Gupta's third film in a row with UTV Motion Pictures after Aamir and No One Killed Jessica . The film has music by composer Amit Trivedi, with lyrics by Amitabh Bhattacharya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17328638", "title": "Two minor girls commit suicide", "text": "PUNE: Sixteen-year-old Madhavi Popat Waghmare, who was to be married off on November 30, and a 14-year-old girl were among the four people who allegedly committed suicide in Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad areas on Thursday.Madhavi, who was a resident of Kamgar Putla slums, killed herself by hanging from the ceiling of her room on Thursday morning. The reason behind the suicide is not known, said the Shivajinagar police.Fourteen-year-old Ashwini Mahendra Yadav allegedly committed suicide by hanging herself from the ceiling of her flat in Bibvewadi on Thursday morning. The reason behind the suicide is not known, the Bibvewadi police said, adding that her parents were not at home when the incident took place.Ashwini was a class IX student at a local school, police said.Ravindra Baliram Mane of More Vasti in Chikhali allegedly killed himself by hanging himself from the ceiling of his house. The incident came to light on Thursday morning when his relatives found him hanging in the room.The Dehu Road police said that Mane, who was running a small business in Chikali, was sleeping in his room located on the first floor of his house. On Thursday morning his sister-in-law went up to wake him up. When he failed to open the door, she informed his parents, who broke opened the door of his room. They took him to the Yashwantrao Chavan Memorial Hospital, where the doctors declared him dead on arrival. The reason behind the suicide is not known yet, police said.Fifty-six-year-old Balasaheb Mahadeo Chandane of Vetalnagar slums in Chinchwad allegedly committed suicide by hanging himself from the bridge on Pavana river at Thregaon.The Hinjewadi police said that around 3.30pm Chandande went to the bridge. He tied the rope around his neck and jumped down from the bridge. Police suspect that Chandane may have committed suicide because of health problems.In another incident, a 36-year-old woman allegedly attempted to set herself ablaze after a scuffle with her husband, at Dhavade Vasti in Bhosari on Wednesday night. Pratibha Vankhede sustained 100% burns and is undergoing treatment in the Sassoon General Hospital , hospital, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17331076", "title": "Finally, Goa acts to curb money laundering in casinos", "text": "PANAJI: In a belated move, Goa government has initiated efforts to regulate casino gambling activity and impose curbs on money laundering and misuse of the revenue for financing terrorism. Guidelines to achieve the objective are expected to follow soon, sources said.The government has amended the Goa, Daman and Diu Public Gambling Act, 1976 for the purpose. The single paragraph amendment issued by undersecretary (home) Neetal P Amonkar states: \"(xiv) The licensee shall strictly follow the guidelines as may be issued by the government for preventing money laundering and for combating financing of terrorism.\"A government official told TOI that the guidelines have been imparted finishing touches and will be notified soon. \"The guidelines to evolve a mechanism to prevent money laundering and misuse of money for terrorist activities will be notified by next week,\" the source said.NGOs protesting gambling in the sate feel the amendment won't make a big impact. Aam Aurat Admi Against Gambling (AAAAG) convener Sabina Martins said, \"The amendment will not serve any purpose unless mechanisms are spelt out to keep track on the entry of persons in casinos.\"AAAAG had raised the issue in the past and also appealed to Goa governor Bharat Vir Wanchoo not to accord his assent to the Goa Gambling Act on several grounds.\"Casinos are a conduit for money laundering, as there are no systems or mechanisms to check the inflow of money into the activity,\" Martins alleged.The government had amended the Act in August 2012, removing the powers of the lower court to decide on casino related matters and instead proposed to set up a gaming commission headed by a gaming commissioner to look into the issues. The Act also barred locals from entering casinos.The government has yet to frame rules or appoint the gaming commissioner to regulate the activity. The government had also reduced the casino entry fee to Rs 500 per head.AAAAG had questioned as to why no centrally monitored CCTV surveillance cameras have been installed by the government at casinos. This would keep a record of who and how many people enter the casinos and the revenue cheating taking place, they said.Casino gambling in Goa commenced in the mid-1990s and offshore casinos started in 2001. Social activists have been agitating over the lack of a regulatory mechanism to monitor gambling activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17333650", "title": "Justin Bieber only listens to Selena Gomez", "text": "Justin Bieber, who makes girls around the globe swoon over him, is crazy in love with his on-and-off girlfriend Selena Gomez , a source has claimed.According to the source, while the teen heartthrob is head over heels with his singer-actress galpal, his management is \"totally over it\" and want the 'Boyfriend' crooner to fall out from Gomez's spell.\"Justin is completely in love with her, crazy over her, but she's the only one he listens to, and that's not good,\" Fox News quoted the source as saying.\"He does whatever Selena tells him to do. It gets so bad that his management calls Selena when they really want Justin to do something, and they ask her to ask him to do it, then he does. She's got his heart and ear,\" the insider said.The source also said that the 18-year-old mpopstar4 sees his on-again off-again girlfriend as \"older and wiser\" and trusts her opinion amid a sea of people constantly advising him on what to do, but his team sees the relationship as just another obstacle they have to deal with.\"They don't want to see them back together and they don't want all the back and forth between them,\" the source said.\"It's not a good look to have him publicly begging and pining for her. His team has to stay in her good graces to get through to him, and it's child games,\" the source said.The duo have been making headlines with their relationship status the past month and surprisingly Gomez seems to be the one pulling the strings.On Nov. 11 she was spotted at WIP nightclub dancing with girlfriends while \"Bieber was texting her all night,\" says an eyewitness.\"She was having fun, he wanted to meet up with her later,\" the eyewitness said.The two were then spotted backstage together at the American Music Awards on Nov. 18, but did not make a public appearance together. They followed that up with a date at Benihana in Encino, Calif.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17334069", "title": "Ministers, members celebrate SP supremo's birthday", "text": "KANPUR: The ministers, members and representatives of Samajwadi Party celebrated the 74th birthday of SP supremo, Mulayam Singh Yadav on Thursday. Apart from cake cutting ceremony, the SP workers also donated blankets and clothes to the poor and needy.SP workers, including the MLAs, corporators, and other active members of the party, distributed blankets, clothes and edibles amongst the poor people. The kids were also given sweets on the occasion.Many social oragnisations, affiliated to the SP, organised 'havans' and prayed for Mulayam Singh's long life. Special prayers were held at temples, mosques and churches. SP activists also took a resolution to work with full dedication and ensure the party's victory in the 2014 Lok Sabha elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17330264", "title": "Karnataka HC will hear rape victim, tells police to ensure security", "text": "BANGALORE: The high court has directed police to provide adequate security to the family of Syed Karim, father of 14-year-old rape victim Baby (name changed) who gave birth to a child. A division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen asked them to appear for a hearing in his chambers on December 6. While police claimed adequate security has been provided, Karim's counsel, who filed an impleading application seeking a law to deal with gang-rape cases, said the family is being ostracized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17329829", "title": "Voter list: Tamil Nadu receives 23 lakh new applications", "text": "CHENNAI: The Tamil Nadu State Election Commission has received 23,37,934 applications for inclusion of names in the electoral roll during the special summary revision 2012. Out of this, a total of 18,721 applications were received online.A release from chief electoral officer Praveen Kumar said Kancheepuram district has received most number of forms (1,64,630) for inclusion of names in the electoral roll and Perambalur district the least number of forms (16,965). The state election commission has received as many as 43 forms from people living overseas. A total of 2,38,617 forms were received for deletion of names, the release said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17331314", "title": "Ahmedabad's old havelis not just works of art", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Wood ornamentation on teak that form the facades of many grand old havelis of the walled city of Ahmedabad are not just works of art. They are veritable mirrors of the city's customs, deep-rooted dogmas, rituals, belief systems, rulers and religion from a bygone era. The artwork also depicted the rich taste of visual grammar and optimum use of space. But few know the story behind those designs. Interestingly, if you happen to visit any grand old haveli, two striking features grab your attention\u00e2\u20ac\u201dthe human figures carved on the door frame called the 'Dwarpal' , who usually holds a stick or spear, while there is a fusion of mythical animals Gajvyalas, generally seen at entrances and carved into brackets of the havelis.Jay Thakkar, head of research at the design innovation and craft resource centre at Cept University says, \"The dwarpal is the kshatriya and is supposed to guard the house, while the mythical creatures, which are a combination of an elephant head, a tigers body and bird feathers forming the animal's tail and claws are supposed to ward of evil,\" says Thakkar.Explaining the foreign influence in the intricate haveli wood lacework facades, Thakkar says, \"We have traced many of the leaf-flower, elephant heads and the caterpillar scrolls designs on the teak havelis to the silk route and influences were from ancient countries like Assyria, Ninaveh, Nimrud, Siphnian treasury\u00e2\u20ac\u201dDelphi , Gourana, Luristan and a major portion of Bactria. It is also believed that some of the leaf-flower designs that are found on some of the havelis have shown influences from vases made in Greece ,\" says Thakkar. Thakkar explains Gujarat was not known for its wood, but its rich businessmen traveled the world and imported teak from as far as Burma.'Imagine there were 6,000 havelis then needed wood. There was a bustling wood carving industry in the city.\"Food festival at Seva Cafe kicks offThe four-day food festival which began on Thursday at Seva Cafe saw a number of people coming in and having traditional Gujarati food prepared with love by a group of volunteers.The cafe runs on the concept of a gift economy. \"Food is the best medium to connect communities and what better place than Seva cafe\" , says Vijay Ramchandani, co-coordinator , Ahmedabad Heritage Festival. Ankita Vyas, a professional, volunteers at Seva cafe , and has been doing so for four years. On Thursday, she joined in as a customer. \"This is the best food, since love is the main ingredient,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17330123", "title": "Mix-up costs HUDA Rs 17 lakh penalty", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Punjab and Haryana high court imposed a penalty of Rs 17 lakh on the Haryana Urban Development Authority on a petition filed by one Paramjit Kaur who stated that her land was wrongly allotted to one Kulwinder Singh. According to the petitioner, HUDA dragged its feet, refusing to rectify the mistake for a long time thereby harassing both parties.Of the Rs 17 lakh penalty imposed, the HUDA estate officer will pay Rs 2 lakh for denying petitioners' claim. Paramjit Kaur will receive Rs 10 lakh while Kulwinder Singh will receive Rs 5 lakh.The petitioner said she bought land in Panipat from the original owner in 2007 and sought permission for construction at the site. To her dismay, she learnt that HUDA has already allotted the to one Kulwinder Singh. Later, both Paramjit Kaur and Kulwinder came to know that the land was dropped from the acquisition. However, despite several efforts by both parties, HUDA failed to resolve the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17330179", "title": "Lajpat Nagar blast case: Cops failed to furnish minimum proof, rules HC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Thursday told Delhi Police that it had failed to furnish even the \"minimum standards of proof\" in the 1996 Lajpat Nagar market blast case.It further reminded the police that the \"flaw is not in the law but in its understanding and implementation by the police force\". It pointed out that \"such weaknesses and lapses\" result in the state complaining that courts insist on an impossible standard of proof.\"In matters of liberty, the weakness of the state surely can't be an excuse for lowering time-tested standards, especially in serious crimes where the accused stands to forfeit their life,\" the bench added.In its 232-page judgment the court virtually conducted a retrial, painstakingly pouring over the entire evidence, including statements, witness testimonies, disclosures, exhibits etc to conclude the probe was shoddy and riddled with glaring inconsistencies. It flagged the \"grave lapses\" of the police and the prosecution such as lack of proof connecting some of the accused with the bombing, failure to hold TIP of articles and the accused, as well as the places where the articles were obtained.Questioning the nature of the evidence produced by the police, the court wondered why the statement of vital witnesses wasn't recorded or why a conduit, who allegedly supplied arms in the case, was not arrested. It said this underlines \"not only lapses and inefficiencies, but also throws a question mark on the nature and truthfulness of the evidence produced\". The judges were unsparing in their criticism of the police citing the complete absence of any daily diary (DD) entries to corroborate the movement of the police, inability to collect easily available documents like authenticated copies of the reservation chart or provide details to prove telephone calls were made. All this, HC said, betrays a \"slipshod approach\".HC found the prosecution's lackadaisical attitude was reflected in the manner in which a junior prosecutor was fielded in the death reference when it is the standing counsel for Delhi Police who appears in such cases.\"This court recollects that in death references where the state seeks confirmation of sentence, it is the duty of the standing counsel to open the case. Having regard to the gravity and public importance of these matters these cases deserve no less. The casual approach in the conduct of these appeals and references in the initial stages of hearing has to be underlined,\" it noted in dismay.A trial court had in April 2010 awarded death sentence to Mohd Naushad, Mohd Ali Bhatt and Mirza Nissar Hussain while their fourth accomplice Javed Ahmed Khan was sentenced to life imprisonment.Other two convicts, Farooq Ahmed Khan and his woman accomplice, Farida Dar, were held guilty for offences under the Explosive Substances Act and the Arms Act, were sentenced to jail terms of seven years and four years and two months, respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "17332814", "title": "Jeypore-Bhubaneswar flights from December 3", "text": "KORAPUT: After a gap of around three decades, Jeypore is set to get its first air connection with a private air operator to start Jeypore-Bhubaneswar air service from December 3.Air Odisha, a Bhubaneswar-based private air service provider will launch the air service to Jeypore with a nine-seater flight.The private company has been providing similar air service to Jharsuguda from Bhubaneswar.\"All preliminary work, including the technical part, has been completed for the launch of the air service from Jeypore. From December 3, the service will be provided on a daily basis,\" said chairman-cum-managing director of the company R K Pani.According to Pani, each day the flight will leave Bhubaneswar at 7 am and will land at Jeypore at around 8.30 am. Similarly, it will leave Jeypore at 8.45 am.\"Tentatively the tickets have been priced at Rs 7,500 per passenger and could be further lowered. If the air service to Jeypore is successful, a 20-seater flight will be put into service and then the ticket price will be further slashed. Subsequently, efforts will be made to extend the air service from Jeypore to Raipur and Vishakapatnam,\" he added.The news of the flight service has been welcomed by various quarters. Political leaders, industrialists and academicians have expressed happiness over the introduction of the flight from Jeypore.\"Given its geographical location, which lies at a distance of over 500 km from the state capital, air service was badly needed for the district. It will immensely help the growth of tourism in the district,\" said minister for school and mass education Rabi Narayan Nanda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17330340", "title": "Youth alleges abduction bid", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A complaint for abduction and robbery against five was registered with Navrangpura police. According to police, Pratik Khamar, 20, a resident of Rajmandir Society, Kadi in Mehsana district, who commutes daily to the city to attend hardware classes in Navrangpura, was walking from Akashwani office to catch the bus back home.\"A man in a van asked him for directions. When he went near, two men pulled him inside and put a chloroform-soaked handkerchief on his nose due to which he lost consciousness. When he woke up after half an hour, he found himself near Visnagar Sahakari bank in Usmanpura. He then informed city control room and his family members about the incident,\" said a official.JM Solanki, inspector of Navrangpura police station, said that they find the complaint suspicious. \"According to his complaint, there were five persons inside the van but he did not know them. The men allegedly robbed him off Rs 1,470 cash, a mobile phone worth Rs 1,000 and an imitation chain. The youth refused to go for a medical check-up neither did he turn up to record his statement. We will approach his parents now,\" he said. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17334066", "title": "Govt asks BMC for proposal to beautify the Juhu beach", "text": "MUMBAI: Naseem Khan, guardian minister, Mumbai(suburbs), on Thursday directed the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) to formulate a proposal for beautification of the Juhu Chowpatty. Claiming that the suburban beach was a crucial tourist and recreation spot, Khan said that complaints regarding lack of cleanliness and adequate facilities of solid waste management at the site are often made.Khan said this while presiding over a meeting of elected representatives from suburban Mumbai on various civic issues at the collector's office in Bandra. Elected representatives cutting across party lines remained present for the meeting. Senior civic and state officials were also present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17328644", "title": "NET aspirants confused about selection cut-off", "text": "Pune: Several students who appeared for the National Eligibility Test (NET) on June 24 are not sure why they were deemed ineligible for fellowship and lecturership.The University Grants Commission (UGC), which conducts the exam, did not disclose the cut-off for deciding candidates for the two schemes. Over 15,000 candidates were declared eligible for junior research fellowship and lectureship base on the results.Some students whose names did not appear in the eligibility list have written to the UGC demanding disclosure of parameters on the basis of which students were declared eligible for the two schemes.Rakhi Seth, a student whose name has not figured in the list, said, \"I know how much I scored in the exam, but I do not know how short I have fallen of qualifying in the provisional results announced. Many of us are in dark as to what were the cut-off marks for being eligible for both the schemes. It's a basic element of any result and we do not know what to do.\"Nitin Shewle, another student, said, \"This year, the examination pattern of the NET exam had changed. Naturally, the marking system has also changed. But, what is the use if the qualifying score is unknown.\"Aspirants had appeared for three papers that included two of 100 marks each and one of 150 marks. For the examination conducted on June 24, the UGC announced in a notification that 40,332 candidates have been declared eligible for lectureship whereas 3,625 candidates have been declared eligible for junior research fellowship.Close to 5,71,000 students across the country had appeared for this exam.On receiving complaints from students across the country, the UGC in a notification issued by Surender Singh, deputy secretary, NET, said, \"In view of several representations received from the candidates regarding certain issues related with the result of UGC-NET held on June 24, the UGC had set up a committee to look into the grievances of the candidates and revisit the result.\"The notification further added: \"The committee will hold a few meetings and take cognisance of nature of issues raised by the candidates. The committee will revisit the results and decided the future course of action. It will also clearly disclose the parameters of qualification.\"The UGC has also clarified that candidates who were declared qualified as per the result declared earlier will remain qualified.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17330519", "title": "Staff crunch hits ongoing traffic month", "text": "LUCKNOW: Police failed to deliver desired results in the first half of their ongoing four-week traffic drive. Though they managed to rake in 52 per cent more revenue through fine than in the corresponding period last year, response to the drive has been hit by multiple factors including shortage of manpower and Muharram bandobast.Every year traffic police carries out statewide traffic drive in November to nab offenders of motor vehicle act rules. The drive ensures better traffic management as well as awareness among public about traffic rules.Officials discreetly admit that the growing number of protests and frequent VIP movements were also taking a toll on not only traffic management, but also on day-to-day policing activities.Last year 13,913 were fined by the traffic police for flouting traffic rules and in 2010, 9,760 motorists were fined in November during the traffic month. This time, though only 3,614 motorists were fined in the first half of the drive, police managed to collect over Rs 2.60 lakh, almost equal to the amount collected in the same period last year.\"This time we are tied up with Muharram bandobast,\" said ASP Arvind Sen, the incumbent chief of Lucknow's traffic cell. Add to this the shortage of close to 190 constables out of the total strength of 600 traffic constables in the city and it is not hard to see what is hampering the drive.TOI had earlier highlighted how the order of Samajwadi Party which allowed transfer of police personnel closer to their home districts has led to severe staff crunch in traffic department in the city.The state government's May order had attracted 20,000 applications within weeks from police constable across the state seeking transfers closer home. The ordeal of police department it seems has only increased in SP's regime. One of the traffic sub-inspectors deputed in trans-Gomti area shared his set of VIP duty experience. \"A cabinet minister's spouse arrived for a birthday party celebration in my area and I turned up late at the event as I was engaged in traffic management during peak evening rush at one of the chronic spots under my jurisdiction. Politely, my priorities were questioned,\" said up the official.Nevertheless, the traffic department fined 1,328 bike riders for not wearing helmet, and caught 624 driving without licence. The traffic police also caught 41 motor vehicles with sirens and high-decibel pressure horns. While four persons were caught sporting beacons illegally.Traffic diversions in old city todayThe district administration has made large scale traffic diversions in Old City area in wake of Muharram processions. The diversions will come into effect on Friday evening and affect vehicular movement around King George's Medical University, Shahmina Road, Dariya Wali Masjid, Imambara area, Akbari Gate, Koneshwar, Qaiserbagh, Golaganj and City Station. The traffic will be diverted from alternative routes. Traffic heading to the city from Sitapur Road will be diverted to respective destinations via Daliganj railway crossing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17329735", "title": "9.5 lakh gold stolen from actor's house", "text": "CHENNAI: A 25-year-old maid employed at actor Ramya Krishnan's house in Injambakkam off the ECR was detained for questioning on Thursday following a complaint that at least 40 sovereigns of gold jewellery was missing from the house.In her complaint, Ramya Krishnan's mother had said several pieces of gold jewellery had gone missing from the house at frequent intervals since August and that they had already lodged a complaint with the police.A team from the Neelankarai police station went to the house on Olive Avenue and made an inspection. Preliminary inquiries, police said, pointed out to an insider's hand as there were no signs of forced opening of the cupboard and the jewellery had been missing in frequent intervals. Ramya Krishnan was not present when police conducted the inquiry.Inquiries revealed that a huge quantity of gold jewellery went missing after the maid, Jothi, went to her native place on November 19. When she returned to the city on Thursday, police picked her up for questioning. \"We are still interrogating her but haven't recovered the entire jewellery from her,\" an investigation officer said.Sources said Jothi, who had been employed at the actor's house for more than six years, had given the jewellery to her sister Kavitha, a resident of Guntur in Andhra Pradesh, after asking her to come to Chennai. Inquiries revealed that Jothi reportedly gave the stolen jewellery, including bangles, necklaces and chains, to Kavitha who pledged it with a pawn broker's shop in her native town.The actor's family members, police said, initially did not suspect the hand of the maid in the theft as she had been very loyal to them since she joined the household.The exact value of the stolen jewellery would be known only after the actor reached the city, police said. She had been busy shooting a television serial and was on her way to Chennai after being informed of the theft.There were at least six servants employed in the house. Jothi reportedly used duplicate keys to open the cupboard in the bedroom and stole the jewellery in small quantities over a period of time to avoid suspicion, police said. Special teams have been formed to recover the stolen gold jewellery, a senior police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17328737", "title": "Depressed over grandmom's death, youth hangs self", "text": "NAGPUR: In depression after his grandmother's death, 25-year-old Pratik Burade hanged himself at his Chandan Nagar residence in Imambada police station area on Wednesday.Burade, who worked as a marketing executive at a private company, did not leave a suicide note. His family members told cops that he was very close to his grandmother, who died due to illness some two years ago.They said that Burade was so dejected that he had attempted suicide twice earlier, but was saved by his parents. On Wednesday, Burade's mother had gone to a neighbour's house when Burade took the extreme step.In another incident, Ajay Pande (26) committed suicide by hanging himself at his Bhavani Nagar residence at Pardi. Pande, who owned a transport business, leaves behind wife and a two-month-old son. Kalamna police registered a case of accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "17329999", "title": "HC comes to the rescue of Christian cemetery", "text": "SHIMLA: Encroachment of a Christian cemetery that has been declared part of heritage drew the ire of the high court with the double bench directing the municipal commissioner to properly demarcate the area and ensure that the graves are not desecrated.Ruling on a petition filed by one Semule Prakash, the division bench of Justice Deepak Gupta and Justice Sanjay Karol, after studying old and new photographic evidence of Sanjauli Christian cemetery observed, \"we, prima facie, find that cars are parked even beyond this area within the walls of the cemetery. This cannot be permitted under any circumstances.\"With disputed questions of fact involved, the judges directed the Shimla municipal commissioner to settle the matter after studying the revenue records in a time-bound manner by end of March, 2013Before disposing of the petition, the court directed the commissioner to ensure that no cars are parked inside the cemetery area and was also directed to ensure that the graves are not desecrated and the cemetery is not defaced in any manner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17329779", "title": "Filing false case valid grounds for divorce: Madras high court", "text": "CHENNAI: Levelling false allegations and filing false cases against a spouse is indeed cruelty and a valid ground for divorce, the Madras high court has said.Justice S Vimala, reiterating this established legal position, passed an order to this effect last week in a case where a woman had accused her husband of extramarital affair, suspecting her character, demanding dowry and subjecting her to cruelty. During cross-examination in a trial court, however, the woman admitted that the allegations were false. She also wanted to be reunited with her husband. Though a subordinate court had ordered restoration of her conjugal rights, the high court has said such an order cannot be sustained.\"The admissions made by the wife during cross-examination are strange and shocking. There is clear-cut admission that the husband did not demand dowry and there was no cruelty on account of that. The allegation regarding illegitimate intimacy of the husband with other woman is also admitted to be false,\" Justice Vimala rued.\"The relationship between the husband and the wife is always very deep but delicate. Trust is the hallmark of maintaining the relationship. Because of the deep intimacy, one partner making false allegations causes irredeemable damage. The wife has chosen to castigate the character of the husband, alleging that the husband is guilty of misconduct by maintaining illegitimate relationship with another woman. Certainly the allegations regarding dowry and illegitimate intimacy (which are admitted to have been falsely made) would amount to mental cruelty. Time and again, the Supreme Court has held that filing of cases with false allegations against the husband itself would amount to mental cruelty. Therefore, it is clear that the wife is guilty of cruelty.\"Noting that the wife had sounded death knell to her own matrimonial life, Justice Vimala said she must reap what she sowed. The judge, however, lamented the fact that for over a quarter century the couple had lived apart, and that since their marriage on June 10, 1984 they had lived together hardly for one year. \"The couple, related to each other even before the marriage, ought to have honoured the marriage by celebrating the silver jubilee. They have made the marital life miserable by fighting with each other in court for more than a decade,\" the judge observed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17333077", "title": "Jewellery heist in capital city", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Creating a smokescreen in front of CCTV cameras of a jewellery shop, unidentified miscreants on Wednesday night made away with gold and silver ornaments worth nearly four lakh rupees. The robbery occurred in posh Jayadev Vihar area.The jewellery shop owner Bhabani Charan Sahoo lodged a complaint at Nayapally police station alleging that the miscreants burnt tyres to create smoke before a CCTV camera at the entrance. \"After breaking the grille, they entered the shop. They covered the CCTV camera inside the shop with a cloth,\" Sahoo said.Police registered a case and are inquiring into the incident. Police have asked the shop owner to supply them the CCTV footage to see if the robbers can be identified.The daring robbery rekindled the memory of February 15 theft in a computer appliances centre in Saheed Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "jabalpur", "code": "17331969", "title": "Tenders invited for houses for BPL beneficiaries", "text": "JABALPUR: Nominated among a group of six cities in the state taken up for the Rajiv Awas Yojana (slum-free city project), Jabalpur will get Rs 980 crore for providing affordable accommodation to the below poverty line (BPL) segment. Spread over two phases, the target is to construct 10,000 houses in next five years in different colonies in the city. Groundwork for the ambitious scheme has already begun, officials claimed here.Project director Parmesh Jalote told TOI that four areas within the city limit have been earmarked for construction of 740 houses. Tenders have been floated and the work is expected to be completed within 15 months, once the formalities are over, he said. The Union government, he said, has sanctioned Rs 36 crore under the scheme.Upon completion, each subsidized house will cost Rs 1.25 lakh to the owner, Jalote said. Each nominee will be allotted a two-room residence with kitchen and toilet built over an area of 452 square feet. The Centre will bear 50% share in the construction cost, the state 20% and the allottee will be required to pay up 30% of the cost.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17329777", "title": "Power set prays for Ponty, brother", "text": "NEW DELHI: Spotless white lilies, roses and chrysanthemums; German cars and Swiss watches, and the movers and shakers of politics, business and tinsel town \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the memorial service for liquor baron Ponty Chadha and his brother Hardeep at Gurdwara Rakabganj on Thursday afternoon had the air of a state funeral. Powerful friends and associates who had kept away after the brothers died in a controversial shootout last Saturday did not shy away from the Antim Ardas ceremony. It was the final validation of Ponty's massive clout and the larger-than-life persona he created single-handedly.It helped that the Chadha family yet again presented a united face, putting behind the hostility that led to the alleged gunfight between the brothers. The speakers, all, stuck to the script , painting Ponty as a father figure who nurtured his large family even-handedly. Parvinder Singh Sarna, president of the Delhi Sikh Gurdwara Management Committee, said the Chadha family had the strength to tide over the double tragedy. \"I appeal to all members of this extended family to listen to Raju (the second of the three brothers), Monty (Ponty's son) and Prakash Kaur Chadha (Ponty's mother) in this hour of crisis. I ask the Almighty to provide courage to Sardarni Lovely Chadha (Ponty's wife) to cope with the loss,'' said Sarna, his voice choking with emotion.The Chadhas' attempt to regroup was evident from the way they arrived together around 2.20pm, minutes before the Ardas started. They were beside each other throughout the afternoon, receiving mourners who awaited their turn to console the family. Among the political bigwigs was UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav's uncle Ram Gopal Yadav , himself a Rajya Sabha MP. \"There are 35,000 families that Ponty looked after. His death is a loss for the society,'' Yadav said. He denied hearing about the conspiracy angle in the tragedy.Former Haryana CM Om Prakash Chautala said, \"Chadha was a very good man who cared for everyone around him''. PL Puniya, chairman of the SC/ST commission was present along with minister of state for external affairs Preneet Kaur. Other leaders from Delhi, UP and Punjab, such as Onkar Singh Thapar and DP Yadav, also attended the ceremony.Bollywood \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Ponty had produced several films \u00e2\u20ac\u201d was represented by producer Boney Kapoor , director-producer Pooja Bhatt , actor-turned-politician Raj Babbar and actor Randeep Hooda. Former Indian skipper and Moradabad MP Mohammad Azharuddin , too, remained throughout the Ardas, but refused to talk to the media. Industrialist Ashok K Chaturvedi of Flex Industries also met the family.By 4.30pm, around 5,000 people had visited the gurdwara to pay their last respects, among them were the Chadhas' relatives from their family home in Kathiarpur near Nainital. Blind students from Swayam Shakti Foundation, an NGO set up by Ponty at Rohini in 2004, were also present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17333529", "title": "Halle Berry's ex arrested for brawl", "text": "Halle Berry's former boyfriend Gabriel Aubry was arrested at the actress' California home after he triggered a furious fight with her fiance, French actor Olivier Martinez.Aubry was dropping off their daughter, Nahla, 4, when fists started flying, TMZ.com reported.Aubry, a Canadian model, blew up when Martinez, told him, \"We have to move on.\"Aubry, 36, swung at and pushed Martinez, 46, but wound up unconscious and pinned to the ground before cops showed up to cart him off on battery charges, law-enforcement sources said.Berry, who broke up with Aubry in 2010, was there when \"Gabriel went nuts,\" sources told the website.Both men were treated in the same emergency room about an hour apart, Aubry for a broken rib and a potentially serious head injury, Martinez for a possibly broken hand.After getting released from the hospital, Aubry \"was booked for a private persons arrest for battery,\" Los Angeles cops told People magazine.Bail was set at 20,000 dollars.Berry, 46, obtained an emergency order of protection to keep Aubry away from her, their daughter and Martinez.He must stay at least 100 yards away from then, the website said. The order is in effect until December 3.Tension between the two reportedly soared after Halle tried to take Nahla to France to live with her and Martinez. Aubry went to court and got an order preventing the move.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17329026", "title": "'Depressed' 26-year-old hangs self in Goregaon", "text": "MUMBAI: A 26-year-old youth committed suicide at his residence in the State Reserve Police Force (SRPF) quarters at Goregaon (E) on Thursday. The police said that Ravi Nirmal hanged himself while the rest of his family was away.The deceased, Ravi Nirmal, was in the last year of degree college and had failed in his exams in the past, the police said. He is survived by his mother, who a conservancy worker, and two brothers. His father is no more.The incident took place at 12.45pm, when Nirmal was alone at home in building number 6 at the SRPF Group VIII Complex. When his family members returned home, they found Nirmal hanging. They took Nirmal to a hospital, but he was declared dead.The body was sent for a post-mortem.\"Nirmal's family said he was depressed for the past two-three days. No suicide note was found. We are probing what could be the motive,\" said Vanrai police senior inspector S Ranshevre. An accidental death case has been registered. Cops will check Nirmal's cellphone call records.In a another case, a senior citizen committed suicide by jumping off a bridge at Wadala (E) on Tuesday. The deceased, Gangaram Rathod (65), a resident of Kalachowkie, left behind a suicide note. He wrote that he had suffered losses in his cloth business. An accidental death case was registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17331804", "title": "Anti-Sukhadia protests endagainst Sukhadia die down", "text": "VADODARA: The row raked up in Sayajigunj assembly seat against sitting BJP MLA and minister of state for tourism Jitendra Sukhadia seems to have died down for now. The protests, allegedly engineered by persons from within the party, subsided after Sukhadia took up the issue with the top brass of the state BJP.A series of protests were being drummed up against Sukhadia since November 16 and had continued till Tuesday. Following this, Sukhadia is learnt to have taken up the issue with the state leadership.The protests had begun when Sukhadia was heckled during a Sneh Milan get together of the party for the new year. Later, protests were held against Sukhadia stating that he had insulted Patel and Kshatriya communities during his speech. Even the issue of a gas agency run by his son was raked up. Sukhadia's effigies were burnt and when those responsible for the act were arrested, protests were held at the BJP office here demanding their release.The city unit president Bharat Dangar had also reported the incident to the state leadership. It is widely perceived that prominent councillor Rajesh Ayre was behind the incident and even the Sukhadia camp has been alleging this. Ayre has, however, denied any involvement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17330222", "title": "Submit report on endosulfan victims: Karnataka HC", "text": "BANGALORE: A high court division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen on Thursday dir ected CC Abr8ah8am, executive secretary of Endosul8fan Manufacturers and Formulators' Welfare Associat8ion (EMFWA), to appear in court and give details about the association members.The association has filed an imple8ad8ing application. The bench also directed the government to file a status report by February 5, 2013 on steps taken to alleviate the suffe8ring of victims and their families. Additional advoc8ate general KM Nataraj told the court a survey was conducted recen8tly in coastal districts and 5,000 victims identified. The process will be completed by December 10. He said victims are being paid pension depending on the disability.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "hazaribagh", "code": "17332081", "title": "NH100 repair: Industry body plans strike", "text": "HAZARIBAGH: The North Chhotonagpur Chamber of Commerce and Industries (NChas decided to launch an indefinite strike, including sit-ins and road blockades, to protest against the state government's dilly-dallying in repairing of the dilapidated national highway No. 100.Ranjan Kumar Jain, NCCCI general secretary, said the stretch of NH100 - it links Hazaribag with the Jain Pilgrimage Centre on Parasnath Hills in Giridih district, Dhanbad and Kolkata - is in a shambles making transportation difficult. Movement of trucks carrying minerals from various mines has been deterred and commuters have to take a detour via Barhi to reach their destinations.Jain alleged that though district authorities said repairing and widening of this vital highway would be taken up after the festivals, there was no sign of the NHAI contractors. Also, he said the potholes add to the difficulty and danger. \"It takes over two-and-a-half hours to reach Bagodar instead of the usual 45-50 minutes.\" It took the decision at a meeting on Thursday.It has planned to block various points on the 50km stretch of NH100 between Hazaribag and Bagodar.NH100 passes through the main town of Hazaribag, which is also in a bad shape. Jain said NCCCI members would submit a memorandum in this regard to the deputy commissioner. This patch is dominated by the Maoists, and therefore, repairing and widening of the road must be done on war-footing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17400446", "title": "HIV figures not alarming: officials", "text": "RAIPUR: Officials admitted that they have recently started a follow up exercise of convincing the dropouts to return.Officials said that an increasing awareness on the disease could be one of the reasons for rise in patients. \"We have also increased the number of Integrated Counselling and Testing Centre (ICTC) and patients coming to these also reflect on the statistics,\" said Dr SK Binjhwar, Additional Project director, Chhattisgarh State AIDS Control Society (CSACS). Officials said the figure was low and not alarming, as it equates to a prevalence of 0.3%. At the same time, they feel that AIDS vulnerability is high in Chhattisgarh as it shares its geographical borders with Maharashtra, Andhra Pradesh , West Bengal and Orissa, which are all high AIDS prevalence states.The figure is constantly rising, especially in the high-risk age group of 15-35 years, which is basically described as the productivity period, according to health officials.There are various other factors, all of which add up to bring the second-largest city, Bilaspur, to second place with 1,992 HIV positive people. Educational hub Durg-Bhilai has 1,865 patients.In Bastar, 125 people were tested positive last year, which have increased to 79 in the first half of 2012. Likewise, in Dantewada, the figure for the first half of the year has crossed last year's figure, as nine people were tested HIV positive in 2011 while 11 have already been identified this year.Overall, 606 persons are living with HIV virus in Bastar and 52 in Dantewada, according to official records.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17331096", "title": "Chain-snatcher caught by alert public at Navelim", "text": "MARGAO: A chain-snatcher, Sanjay Jadhav, who was attempting to run away with a gold chain, was nabbed by the public at Navelim on Wednesday and handed over to the police. Jadhav was remanded to three-day police custody on Thursday.Ida Simoes from Betul, in her complaint to the police, said that she and her daughter had gone to the Navelim feast fair on Wednesday when the accused snatched the chain from her daughter's neck and attempted to run away. After she raised an alarm, the accused was caught by the public.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17328970", "title": "Mamata Banerjee fails numbers test, no-confidence motion falls", "text": "NEW DELHI: Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee faced a major embarrassment in Lok Sabha on Thursday when her party's bid to move a no-confidence motion against the government fell ignominiously due a lack of numbers amid jeers from the ruling coalition benches.The motion moved by Trinamool leader Sudip Bandyopadhyay was rejected by Speaker Meira Kumar as it did not gather the support of 50 MPs as required. Once the Speaker's call for members to stand up and signal support yielded just the TMC crowd and three from BJD, the motion was deemed to have been defeated.The outcome, along with clear signs that Samajwadi Party and Bahujan Samaj Party don't wish to yank the rug from under UPA's feet, underlined that the government continues to have the safety of numbers in Lok Sabha.Trinamool's plight could have been worse if BJD had not offered token support in response to an urgent entreaty conveyed by Bandyopadhyay on Thursday morning. BJD leaders urgently conferred with Odisha chief minister Naveen Patnaik who gave the go ahead.Even BJD's calculations in supporting Trinamool's motion were different from Mamata's. The Odisha outfit wants to use every opportunity to signal its opposition to FDI in multi-brand retail. But it does not want to injure the government on this count. In fact, it supported the motion only because it was confident of its failure. That the gesture was essentially symbolic was underscored by its own low attendance in the House,After she burnt her fingers in trying to scuttle Pranab Mukherjee's candidature for president, this marked the second instance when Mamata made a serious error of judgment. Her attempt to upstage the Left and claim the pole position as the principal anti-Congress force has not paid off going by Trinamool's isolation in Parliament.The distress of Trinamool MPs in having to press for a motion that was doomed from the start was evident although they had no choice given the firmaan issued from Kolkata. In contrast to the ebullience and aggression that is typical of the party, the mood was definitely downcast as the drama in Lok Sabha ended on a predictably humiliating note.Political sources feel Mamata is being driven by emotion and in her bid to settle scores with Congress after a bitter parting of ways, she has allowed resentment and anger to cloud her reasoning. She did lash out at the BJP and Left for being \"saviours\" of the government, but the argument did not seem convincing.Apart from BJD, other regional parties like AIADMK did not respond positively to the last minute Trinamool appeal. AIADMK MPs pointed out that Mamata ought to have spoken to their leader J Jayalalithaa and they could take no step without her approval. Even the two-MP Jharkhand Vikas Morcha , which has also parted ways with Congress recently, held back.Trinamool's attempt to reach out to BJP did not yield results either as the party had already taken a decision to focus on FDI in retail through a specific motion that entails a vote in both Houses of Parliament.The setback saw the government rubbing it in as well with minister of state for information and broadcasting Manish Tewari saying, \"We have said this earlier also. Indeed, it is very peculiar that a party of 19 MPs in the Lok Sabha is proposing such a course of action. It would be appropriate if they reflect upon the implication of their action.\"Times ViewThe government and opposition are at loggerheads again at the beginning of a Parliament session, this time on whether the debate on FDI in retail should happen under a rule that allows for voting or one that does not. It would be ideal if they can reach an agreement on this. Given the rather bleak prospects of that, however, we could be looking at a significant amount of time being lost again without any meaningful business getting done. It is time our lawmakers sat down and worked out a system that ensures proper functioning of Parliament even when the two sides don't see eye to eye. The repeated waste of taxpayer money has to stop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17330964", "title": "Agri varsity\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s prediction of crop prices out", "text": "COIMBATORE: The Domestic and Export Market Intelligence Cell (DEMIC) of the Tamil Nadu Agricultural University (TNAU) has come up with the prediction for prices of Bengal Gram, Corriander and Cumbu. These are among the leading food crops grown in some parts of the state during November.The analyses of the price data of the last 10 years by DEMIC says that its price will be around Rs.42-45 per kilograms during the harvesting season which are in the months of March and April 2013. The crop grown in Coimbatore and Tirupur district is mainly used for snack purposes and the price will be higher than that used for flour, says the study.Coriander (Dhania), a spice crop which yields both fresh leaves and spice seed, used primarily for culinary purposes is sowed during mid November. Nearly 86 per cent of the total coriander area is grown as rain fed crop in the state. The analyses of DEMIC says that the price of the coriander seed during the harvest period will be around Rs.4600-4800 per quintal. As per the econometric analysis done by DEMIC, pertaining to cumbu prices in Kovilpatti market over the last 16 years, the price of cumbu during the harvest would revolve around Rs. 1100-1200 per quintal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17332807", "title": "Virender Sehwag completes century of Test appearances", "text": "MUMBAI: Opener Virender Sehwag on Friday became the ninth Indian cricketer to complete a century of Test appearances when he took the field in the second match of the ongoing series against England.The 34-year-old amassed 8,448 runs at an average of 50.89 and a staggering strike rate of 82.45 before the Test that started on Friday.The swashbuckling batsman has 23 hundreds under his belt over the last 12 years, including four double and two triple centuries with a highest of 319 against South Africa at Chennai in March 2008.Apart from Sehwag, India's 100-Test club includes Sachin Tendulkar , Rahul Dravid , VVS Laxman, Anil Kumble, Kapil Dev , Sunil Gavaskar, Dilip Vengsarkar and Sourav Ganguly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17330213", "title": "Mahasweta speaks up for Taslima", "text": "KOLKATA: Demanding the return of exiled controversial Bangladeshi author Taslima Nasreen to Kolkata, a section of intellectuals and rights activists have alleged that the Mamata Banerjee-led government in Bengal was silent on the issue as it was \"apprehensive of a backlash from Islamic fundamentalists\".\"Being an author, why can't Taslima have the independence to write? It's the readers who decide what they want to read. Readers haven't spurned her. Let there be a decision on her return,\" said Magsaysay-winning author Mahasweta Devi in a letter that was read out at a meeting on Thursday organized by intellectuals and activists. Nasreen, author of the controversial \"Lajja\" was exiled from the city on this day (Nov 22) in 2007 after some religious clergy issued a fatwa against her. The issue also sparked violence, and the then Left Front government deported her from the state.Since then, Nov 22 has been observed as \"Lajja Diavs\" (Day of Shame) by a section a intellectuals and rights activists.Observing that readers had not raised any objection to Nasreen's writing, Mahasweta Devi demanded that she be allowed to return to the city so that she could continue to write.\"I sincerely hope and wish that Taslima returns to Kolkata and keeps writing like she used to. Writing in the state is not an offence. This government has come to power only because the people who voted had desired a change,\" she said in the letter.Noted educationist Sunando Sanyal accused the government of being silent on the issue. ians\"Perhaps the government is afraid of a backlash from islamic fundamentalists. The people who earlier had criticised the decision are now in power but unfortunately they are silent,\" said Sanyal.Human rights activist Sujato Bhadra said chief minister Mamata Banerjee had clearly denied providing any help in this matter. \"Last year I met her (Banerjee) but she clearly said she could not help us. But we will continue to raise our voice demanding Nasreen's return,\" said Bhadra.Nasreen fled Bangladesh in 1994, after \"Lajja\", published in 1993, became hugely controversial for its depiction of a Hindu family persecuted by Muslims.Nasreen has since lived in exile in different cities, including New Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17328808", "title": "Administration gears up for Muharram", "text": "PATNA: The state police administration has to go through another test of its preparedness, post Chhath festival, on Sunday when people will observe Muharram to commemorate the martyrdom of Prophet's grandson and his tiny group of men.Muharram is approaching at a time when socio-communal tension, albeit at a small scale, threatened to mar peace in some places like Gaya, Nalanda, Nawada, Muzaffarpur, Champaran and part of state capital in recent days.A series of 'Tazia' processions are taken out and the participating youth carry traditional weapons like swords and daggers on the Muharram day. \"We have taken all precautionary measures and we are fully geared up (to ensure that Muharram passes off peacefully),\" DGP Abhayanand told TOI on Thursday.The state police chief and chief secretary Ashok Kumar Sinha also held a meeting to review the law and order situation in the state. The two top officials discussed the preparations with divisional commissioners, DIGs and also the DMs and SPs through videoconferencing on Wednesday and told them to utilize the state machinery at their disposal to the full for maintaining law and order. They were also advised to maintain close contact with local people to thwart any attempt by the antisocial elements to foment trouble. \"They have been asked to make every suspected element to give an undertaking,\" an official said.The DMs and SPs were directed to identify the sensitive areas under their jurisdiction and make appropriate deployment of forces in such areas. On getting information of rumours, there should be proper arrangement to counter them through public address system.Official sources said adequate police arrangement was being made in districts to meet any eventuality. \"An untoward incident can take place anywhere but our efforts will be to nip the trouble in the bud. We are requesting common people not to pay heed to rumours and to tip off the police about rumour mongers,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "17330296", "title": "Migrant boys tortured by cops win medals in dist sports meet", "text": "KANNUR: Both of them have many things in common. They are passionate about sports and their parents are ragpickers who migrated to Kerala from Tamil Nadu to earn a living. Both of them won silver medals in the revenue district sports meet here and they did that after being lodged in the lockup of Payyannur police station on charges of theft.Murthy (11) and Thankaraj (14), who won the silver medals in 5,000m and cross country race, were detained by police on Saturday while on their way back from a tailoring shop. \"I would have won the first prize if the police had not tortured me and injured my right leg,\" Murthy told a news conference in Payyannur on Tuesday.Similar is the condition of Thankaraj. \"If the police had not harassed them, Thankaraj also would have won the gold ,\" said A Karunakaran, the physical education teacher at Peralam AUP School, where both of them are studying. He said Murthy is now admitted to Pariyaram Medical College while Thankaraj also has a pain in his legs. He said he had sponsored a jersey to three students, Thankaraj, Murthy and Abhirami, all relatives. \"Since they have no money, I decided to give them a jersey each and asked them to give the measurements at a tailoring shop. On the way back, police intercepted them and they ran away in fear but they were chased and nabbed,\" he said.The boys said they saw some plastic scrap on the way and were about to pick that for selling in the market when the police picked them up. They were tortured by the police who accused them of stealing it. It was after the intervention of local leaders, including C Krishnan MLA, that Thankaraj was released on Monday though Murthy was released on Saturday evening.The police had on Saturday detained two other Tamil migrants, Selvan (16) and Murugan (23), to whom the boys used to sell the rags they picked. They were also released on Monday.Police, however, said all of them were taken into custody on suspicion of theft and they were later released, and the allegation of torture is baseless.Meanwhile, Human Rights Commission member K E Gangadharan said there is no justification in the police action as both the boys are minors. \"The commission would look into the allegations and action would be taken if it is found that the police have committed a mistake...Even if they were thieves, the police have no right to keep them in custody or torture them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17329194", "title": "Murder convicts turn security guards after escaping from jail", "text": "GURGAON: Two convicts in two different murder cases, who had fled from Bhondsi jail two and a half months ago, were arrested by Gurgaon police. The convicts had managed to find jobs as security guards with an automobile company with the help of a security agency and were working there till the time of their arrest.One of them was working with a major automobile company for some days. Police on Thursday produced them in a city court which sent them in judicial custody. In this case, a jail warder was also arrested later on the charge of helping the convicts escape from jail. Two convicts identified as Zile Singh, resident of Khaparia village near Behror in Alwar district of Rajasthan , and Amit Kumar, native of Muzaffarnagar in Uttar Pradesh and resident of Delhi. They had escaped right under the nose of police while they were being taken out from Bhondsi Jail for the routine cleaning exercise on August 31. The two were serving jail terms in two different murder cases.On Wednesday, inspector Rajendra Singh, in charge of crime branch-II, Sector 17, acting on a tip-off, nabbed Amit Kumar at Bilaspur Chowk. Amit spilled the beans about Zile Singh's whereabouts during interrogation.\"Amit disclosed that convict Zile Singh, who had escaped from jail along with him, was staying in a rented room at Karoli village near Tapukara in Rajasthan. A crime branch team then went to Karoli village and arrested Zile Singh,\" said Maheshwar Dayal, DCP (Crime).Zile Singh was serving a life term after murdering a famous businessman, called the prince of Pilibheet, in August 2007. He had hatched the plan with the victim's wife to murder the businessman in Rajasthan Toursim's hotel, Mid Way, in Behror. Amit was serving a five-year term for killing one Sudhir, native of Bulandshahar in UP, in a brawl between them in 2010.\"After escaping from the jail the two accused had taken a lift in an auto from Sohna-Gurgaon road and reached Palwal. From Palwal they had gone to Haridwar by train and stayed there for four-five days. They then went to Amritsar and spent three days in a gurudwara and returned to Haridwar. At last they reached an industrial area, Khushkhera, in Rajasthan when they ran out of money. Before their arrest they had taken up jobs as security guards,\" said the DCP. Meanwhile, police were surprised as to how the two convicted criminals landed jobs without any documents or verification.Dayal said they would write to the security agency concerned. Cops said that after reaching the industrial area, Khushkhera in the middle of September, Zile Singh got the job of a tractor driver with Honda company. After some days, both Zile Singh and Amit Kumar landed jobs as security guards with Balaji Dream Security Service and were posted in Diesel Power International, Khushkhera. There was no verification and they were working there till they were arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17330973", "title": "No breakthrough in city luxury hotel heist", "text": "COIMBATORE: With just a CCTV grab of a suspect in hand, police are yet to make a breakthrough in the Rs 10 lakh heist from an NRI dentist at a luxury hotel in the city on Tuesday.\"We have got three vital clues and a detailed investigation is on. We hope to achieve a breakthrough soon,\" city police commissioner A K Viswanathan said.Two suspects entered the room of S Jyothi Chandramohan, 36, an NRI dentist, at CAG Pride Hotel, by duping hotel authorities, when she was away on a shopping trip with her fiance Christopher David on Tuesday morning.The suspects decamped with a platinum diamond necklace, a pair of platinum studs, two platinum diamond chains, one white gold chain, a dollar with a green stone, a ten sovereign gold bangle, a pair of platinum diamond studs, a pair of gold studs, 11 Raymond's wheel watch and one diamond bracelet - all worth more than Rs 10 lakh.\"We are conducting an inquiry with the electrician, front office managers and other staff of the hotel,\" R Gunasekaran, assistant commissioner of police (crime-central sub-division), said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17332525", "title": "Biscuit factory catches fire", "text": "LUDHIANA: A major tragedy was averted when a fire broke out in a biscuit factory at Manna Singh Nagar on Thursday. Though the tenders were able to douse the flames, the additional divisional fire officer said a complaint would be filed against the factory owner for failing to maintain proper safety arrangements and also for illegal hoarding of diesel.The blaze erupted around 9am when the diesel that was leaking from a drum kept on the roof caught fire. Fire tenders from near Gowardhan Mall close to railway station were rushed to the spot but by then the flames had spread to the scrap lying in an adjacent plot.Eleven fire tenders were rushed to the spot but only four were used as the others could not enter the narrow lanes. It took over 20 firemen almost two hours to douse the fire but the operation had to be carried out very carefully due to the presence of high tension wires near the factory that hung as low as 11 foot.\"Had the cables caught fire, it could have caused a major tragedy as close to 70 workers were present in the factory. There were 20-25 drums filled with diesel and a generator at the site, which could have further added to the risk,\" said additional divisional fire officer Kartar Singh.He added that the factory owner could not even produce a no-objection certificate that is given by the MC fire department and is mandatory for every building.\"We are preparing a report as to how was this factory running from a residential area and how so much diesel was illegally stored here. In addition, there were no fire safety arrangements. We will submit this report to the municipal commissioner for further action,\" added Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "17331253", "title": "With website, SMS service, Mapusa municipality to go hi-tech", "text": "MAPUSA: The Mapusa municipality is mulling over the development of a website to allow online applications for house tax and NOCs for electricity and water connections.Work on the project, which is aimed at creating a single-window system and transparency in the working of the municipality, has already begun.\"We are aiming at creating a single window system and fast processing of the applications for the various requirements. First, we will start on a trial basis, the actual implementation of which could start in a month's time,\" an officer working on the website said.The website will lessen the trouble faced by people of lining in queues to avail forms. It will provide a checklist for people.A helpdesk comprising two counters will be put up at the municipality where people can apply, pay, and receive the required certificates, sources told TOI.\"People should not have to move from table-to-table. Fill the application at one counter, the file of which will reach the chief officer, who will verify the checklist, approve the application and print the document,\" the officer said. If the trial project runs smoothly, the municipality aims to develop the website wherein the residents of Mapusa need not visit the municipal office frequently in future, as most services will be available at the click of a button.The site will also provide an opportunity for online payment of house tax, construction licence fees and other such services provided by the MMC.Forms for trading licence, income certificate and various NOCs will be put up on the website wherein people can download the same at home.\"We have started working on the project. Hopefully, the complete site will be ready within a month's time and then we will implement it,\" MMC chairperson Sudhir Kandolkar said.Besides this, the municipality has also been mulling on implementing a SMS service by which people from Mapusa have to enter their mobile number and information about the processing of their file will be sent via SMS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17328903", "title": "Big branded schools not on RTE free seat wishlist", "text": "NAGPUR: Applicants availing the Right To Education (RTE) Act's free admission quota ignored the big brand schools, contrary to the earlier perception. State and central government schools were the top choices as applicants flocked in large numbers leading to each school's quota getting full.Government aided Saraswati High School at Shankar Nagar topped the free RTE admission chart with all of its 60 seats under the quota being filled up. RTE mandates that 25% of the total seats be reserved for students from economically weaker sections and specified category.As per data procured under Right To Information (RTI) by Gondia resident Girdhar Waghmare, almost a thousand admissions have been completed under RTE. Nagpur has been at the forefront in terms of implementing RTE in the state, with the first admission taking place at South Point School.The implementation of the admission process came under resistance initially, but after numerous meetings with state education officials, schools decided to follow the diktat. There were apprehensions that applicants would flock to big brand CBSE schools where getting admissions is no less than winning the lottery. However, the final data reveals that students preferred to seek admissions in government aided schools, even though admission to private schools was free of cost.A senior education official, said, \"Applicants coming from the economically weaker section will find it very difficult to even approach a private CBSE, leave alone getting their admission done. Parents are also worried that the child will have to bear costs of extra curricular activities or have to spend money on fancy bags and accessories. In fact, if you look at any of the government aided schools, admissions are always full.\"Older institutes like SFS, Hadas, St. Ursula etc receive high number of applications every year and their classes are always filled to capacity. The RTI data also reveals that Kendriya Vidyalayas were also in huge demand with almost all branches filling up their quota.Saraswati School's top rank is also because it is the only English medium school with an established lineage in the Shankar Nagar area. Similarly, South Point School at Omkar Nagar also is the sole English school in that area due to which its quota too was filled up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17332106", "title": "Welfare schemes go slow as corporates pull support", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Withdrawal of the corporate sector's financial support from development projects has affected the pace of implementation of the welfare schemes, the solar lights scheme in particular, but hasn't derailed it.Following criticism from the BJP for favouring Jharkhand Vikas Morcha (Prajatantrik) Lok Sabha member Dr Ajay Kumar , several of the Steel City based corporate houses withdrew funds that they had lent to Dr Kumar, who initiated welfare schemes in the constituency. The withdrawal has had marginal effect on the progress of the implementation of the schemes, particularly the ambitious solar lights project.\"Although the withdrawal of funds support (from the local companies) has checked the pace of progress of the solar lights project, it hasn't stopped the work completely,\" said Dr Kumar, an IPS officer-turned-politician.Several of the corporate houses that extended funds to the MP for his solar lights project under Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) scheme stopped granting funds following BJP's charge of 'biased conduct' against the companies. The BJP's contention is that corporate houses favour Dr Kumar and overlook its MLA's when it comes to extending funds for pursuing welfare projects.Unfazed, the MP sought help from his close aides to pursue the scheme. The MP had announced to install 1,500 solar lanterns, each priced at about Rs 50,000, in the district with focus on the rural pockets by end of 2012. But owing to crisis in funds, the completion date has been extended to 2013 calendar year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17330171", "title": "Global help sought to turn Bengal into a film hub", "text": "KOLKATA: For the first time ever, the Bengal government will float global tenders to invite strategic partners of international repute to rejuvenate the ailing West Bengal Film Development Corporation (WBFDC) and Technician Studio, one of the oldest film studios of Asia.There will be global expression of interest for three proposed film cities as well to \"make Bengal the most sought after entertainment hub after Mumbai\", say sources.WBFDC, which was set up almost half a century ago, has produced many classics of maestros like Satyajit Roy and Ritwik Ghatak on behalf of the state government. It has the distribution rights of films like Pather Panchali, Sonar Kella, Hirak Rajar Deshe and Jhaar (Utpal Dutta). It used to run two cinemas - Chaplin (former Minerva) and Ahindra Mancha - and has a colour processing laboratory, Rupayan. WBFDC has 2.5 acres in Sector V for new project development.The corporation went almost defunct in the late '90s. The Left regime tried to induct partners to rejuvenate it and PWC conducted a study in 2007 but the process was stalled.Technician Studio - where Satyajit Ray shot a portion of the iconic 'Pather Panchali' - is also in a very bad shape. The existing floor will be revamped and a new floor built. \"We plan to make WBFDC and Technician Studio a one-stop shop for films. There is lot of scope to diversify the activities of WBFDC,\" said an official.Sources say the information and culture department is working overtime to draw up a masterplan to \"upgrade and restructure cultural infrastructure\". \"The film and entertainment industry has great potential in Bengal. Most of the technicians in Mumbai are from Bengal. So we can use our expertise for our state. There is huge potential for cultural tourism as well,\" said an official.According to sources, I&C; has already started asset mapping. It has 18 important assets including Technician Studio, Nandan, Rabindra Sadan, WBFDC, Charukala Kendra among others.Department secretary Nandini Chakraborty said: \"We have taken up a challenging job and it needs a lot of effort and attention to complete these projects.\"was incorporated in sixties as West Bengal Colour Film and Sound Laboratory and later rechristened as WBFDC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17330449", "title": "Amity student dies, batchmates allege poor facilities in hostels", "text": "LUCKNOW: Scores of Amity University students protested on the campus following the death of a fellow girl batchmate. The girl, a hosteller, died of jaundice. Students blamed contaminated drinking water supply and unhygienic conditions in hostels for her death. The university, however, denied the charges.The victim, Aimen Javed, a BCom-I student, died while undergoing treatment for jaundice at a nursing home in her home town Kanpur on Wednesday morning. As the news of her death reached the Amity campus, students started shouting anti-university slogans. They also organised a candle light march in Aimen's memory.Students demanded a probe into her death and alleged that the university hostels lack basic facilities. Reports said Aimen was on leave from November 9-16. When she returned on November 17, she fell ill and went back to Kanpur.University spokesperson A Chaubey said, \"Her death was not due to contaminated water. It's a tragic loss for us. There are over 6,000 students studying in the university. All consume the same drinking water.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "motihari", "code": "17328597", "title": "Breeding centre for peacocks soon", "text": "MOTIHARI: In order to increase population of the national bird, peacock, the state government has chalked out a plan to set up a 'Community Reserve and Breeding Centre for Peacocks' at Madhopur-Gobind village under Kalyanpur block in East Champaran district, which has become natural habitat to a large numbers of peacocks since 1990, first of its kind in Bihar.Under the scheme, the environment and forest department has launched an ambitious plan for plantation of different types of saplings in the village on the bank of canal and government land to make natural habitat for peacocks. Divisional forest officer (DFO) L B Manjhi said that plantation work will be launched soon. This unique village has been listed in the route-chart of Bihar State Tourism Development Corporation (BSTDC) and Navin Kumar, deputy general manager of BSTDC, Patna, recently visited this village for proper verification and to see the road communication.Madhopur-Gobind, a non-descript village near Chakiya on the western fringe of NH-28 Kolkata-New Delhi road is increasingly becoming a centre of attraction for rural people as well as foreign tourists as it is 17 KM north from the tallest Budha stupa at Kesariya.Chief minister Nitish Kumar during his recent 'Seva Yatra' in East Champaran visited the village on April 20 and he went in orchards and bamboo bushes to see the peacocks. Expressing happiness, he assured the villagers that a team of bird expert will examine the possibilities to develop it and he asked the environment and forest department officials to prepare a plan to boost the numbers of peacocks as well as their protection. He said peacocks prefer to live on trees, especially on fruits bearing trees.On the direction of CM Nitish Kumar, a two-member team of Indian Bird Conservation Network (IBCN) of Mumbai and DFO, Motihari, visited the village and discussed with the villagers about the living of peacocks. They examined the soil, environment and habits and food of the birds. They identified places in the village to develop safe nesting, safe breeding and protection of their eggs.Bihar state co-ordinator of IBCN Arbind Mishra talking to TOI said, he had already submitted a blue print of a plan to the government to increase the numbers of peacocks, protect their eggs and develop locations for safe nesting. There is big threat from a large number of dogs in the village, who are habitual eater of the eggs of peacocks . Dogs and children destroy 80% eggs as he has gathered from the villagers. There is a need to increase awareness among the children and youths of this village to protect the peacocks, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17329554", "title": "Army refutes IAC, 26/11 hero's charge", "text": "NEW DELHI: Strongly refuting allegations made by India Against Corruption (IAC) and Naik Surender Singh, the government on Thursday said the former NSG commando had in fact already got the bulk of all his dues while the remaining were in the pipeline.Though the defence ministry and the Army accepted there was considerable delay in Singh getting his benefits, they argued this was because he was \"invalidated\" out of service on October 15 last year after a medical board - which held him to be \"a permanent low medical category on account of sensory neural deafness of the left ear\" \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and his paperwork could not be completed and processed in time.\"The government has taken all care to pay all entitled terminal benefits due to Singh. In all, he has already got around Rs 19 lakh and is due to get another Rs 12 lakh. But in case, he still has any grievance, MoD is prepared to look into it,\" said a senior official.But what about Singh's claim that he was not allowed to complete 15 years of service so that he could become eligible for service pension? \"He is, in fact, getting much more monthly pension now. It amounts to Rs 25,254, which includes both service and war injury elements,\" said an officer.\"Moreover, if he had completed his terms of engagement (15 years) and then proceeded for pension, he would not have got the Rs 10 lakh disability cover (already paid to him) and the Rs 9 lakh ex-gratia lump sum compensation for 100% disability (being processed),\" he added.The defence authorities did agree that Singh's pension payment order could be processed and intimated to him and his bankers only on November 14-16 this year. \"He will, of course, get the pension arrears from October 16, 2011,\" said the officer.Giving a breakdown, MoD said Singh has been sanctioned pension and terminal benefits as follows: retirement gratuity (Rs 211,458), commutation of pension (Rs 11,35,809), Armed Forces Provident Fund (Rs 6,48,195), Army Group Insurance (Rs 1,13,849), Army Group Disability Cover (Rs 10 lakh), final settlement of accounts Rs 89,705 and ex-gratia from welfare fund Rs 10,000.\"He is also entitled to an ex-gratia compensation of Rs 9 lakh for 100% disability, which will be processed separately. Plus, he has been sanctioned a pension of Rs 25,254 per month,\" it added.As for Singh's contention that he was being forced to pay out of his own pocket for his medical treatment, MoD said his ECHS (ex-servicemen health insurance scheme) smart card had also been dispatched to the Zila Sainik Board in Haryana's Jhajjar district on October 5 for being handed over to him.\"Singh applied for the ECHS only on June 55 this year. His registration number was given to him in September to ensure he could avail of the facilities and now the card has also been issued,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17329582", "title": "E-challan project gets government nod", "text": "NEW DELHI: The capital will soon implement electronic challan system for penalizing traffic violators. After running into several delays as it was an \"unplanned expenditure\", the e-challan project was given a green signal by the state government on Wednesday evening.The tender for the Rs 14-crore project has already been awarded to a telecom giant, which will provide traffic cops with 1,200 handheld devices by the end of this year. With the use of these devices, fines can be paid using credit cards and the device will be connected to a central server for instant digitization of violation data.The device can access traffic offence history of both the vehicle and the offender and hence repeat offenders will be issued greater penalties as per the Motor Vehicles Act. Currently, all traffic violations are treated as \"first offence\" as it is not possible to check violators for earlier prosecutions.\"As per the contract, the devices are expected to be ready within 90 days but we are planning a partial launch much ahead of this. Depending on the logistics, some of the devices should be in use by December-end or early January,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.Traffic cops will be armed with pocketbook-sized mini computers attached with a camera and a printer. The camera will be able to take pictures of the defaulter, fancy number plates, unauthorized red beacons etc which will act as documentary evidence for reference, said traffic officials. This device will be GPRS and GIS enabled and the location and time of the challan issued will be recorded.\"Transport department has to share data with us so that we can update the information in one central server. At the moment, we have vehicle ownership and stolen vehicle details available with us, as well as a databank on all traffic challans. We just need details of drivers' licenses,\" said a senior traffic police officer.The device can also function offline and store up to 500 challans in its expandable 16 GB memory and then upload these challans to the server once it connects again.It can even send a message to the central server once a vehicle has been towed away. The vehicle owner can then contact a helpline number with his vehicle details to get an SMS detailing where the vehicle has been towed away to.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17331456", "title": "APHB plot auctions land good price", "text": "HYDERABAD: Andhra Pradesh Housing Board (APHB) officials are upbeat over the response to the auction of plots as it helped them raise Rs 12 crore on Thursday. The APHB, which conducted auction after a hiatus of four years, got Rs 51,333 per square yard against the upset price of Rs 40,000 for a 252-sq yard plot at Phase-9 of Kukatpally Housing Board (KPHB).APHB had put up 14 plots of different dimensions, ranging from 60 sq yards to 647 sq yards in KPHB phases 4, 6, 9 and 15 areas, on the block. Nine plots were located in KPHB Phase-15 , close to Hi-Tec City, while two plots each in Phase-9 and Phase-6 and one in Phase-4 . Of 14 plots, four were in high income group (HIG), six middle income group (MIG) and three in the low income group (LIG). Two plots were 60 sq yards with unequal sizes. The APHB officials for unknown reasons did not give much publicity except posting details on their website and issuing mandatory notification. They also did not even reveal names of successful bidders after the auction on Thursday evening.Official sources said the highest bid amount was for the 252-sq yard plot in Phase-9 , while the lowest was Rs 25,100 for a 60-sq yards plot in phase 15. The officials claim bids were reasonably good, Rs 5,000 per sq yard more than the upset price of Rs 20,000 per sq yard.Interestingly, the single big plot admeasuring 647 sq got only Rs 36,000 per sq yard against the upset price of Rs 30,000. There was less competition for some plots like MIG plot No 212 due to vaastu problem , which got a bid offer of Rs 26,800 per sq yard while the upset price was Rs 25,000. The successful bidders have to deposit 25% of the bid amount and one per cent auction expense of the total bid amount within 24 hours. The remaining amount could be paid within three months of the auction .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17330057", "title": "IIT-Hyderabad students launch training programme for rural students on JEE", "text": "HYDERABAD: IIT-Hyderabad is on a charity mission. In the last two months, the premier technical institute has gone on a community-service spree around its vicinity with the students teaching schoolchildren and prepping them up for IIT-Joint Entrance Examination.While most private schools in Hyderabad conduct specialized IIT coaching from class VI, few government schools are oriented enough to teach children on the national-level competitive exam. Interestingly, IIT-H's local mission began at a time when requests for reservation of seats for local students are flooding the state government offices.According to the student coordinator of the charity mission, three schools in the vicinity, Zilla Parishad High School-ODF, Indrasaran and Cheriyal have been taken up on a trial basis for coaching. The institute is planning to extend its services to other schools in the area. This month, a total of 500 students from about seven schools in the neighbourhood had visited IIT for a coaching class meant to orient them towards higher studies in technological institutes. \"We provide coaching to students on every Saturday. It's our contribution to local people for hosting IIT-H,\" said Aradhya Biswas, an IIT student and coordinator of the National Service Scheme.The NSS wing of the institute runs most of the social service programmes in the state. While a total of 30 students of IIT-H are involved in the coaching exercise, institute head says apart from cloth donation, running workshops in neighbourhood colleges, several social service initiatives are being taken up by the students.According to the students it was only recently that they collected clothes for distribution to slum-dwellers in Hyderabad. \"The institute collected over 2,000 clothes for distribution at a slum pocket in Borabanda. The students were overtly excited about the charity drive, and hence we from the administration extended support to them,\" said Anirban Roy, assistant professor at IIT-Hyderabad.IIT-H's social commitment started recently with student groups on campus set up various social service clubs. In future, they plan to extend their services, including teaching traffic rules to children from rural areas. \"We are looking at the initiatives as part of a larger rural outreach programme. Since the institute is located in Medak, there are several villages in the surrounding areas and we expect the programmes to get good appreciation,\" said Biswas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17330098", "title": "Punjab clears new and renewable sources of energy policy, 2012", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Punjab government approved the enactment of the \"New and renewable sources of energy (NRSE) policy- 2012,\" which is aimed at maximising and improving the share of new and renewable sources of energy to 10 per cent of the total installed power capacity of the state by 2020. It also seeks to promote renewable energy initiatives to meet energy and lighting needs.The policy, which was given the go ahead in the Cabinet meeting on Thursday, will focus on the creation of conditions conducive to attract private sector investments. Some of the other areas of concern will include exemption of stamp duty and registration fee, exemption of Change of Land Use (CLU) fee, external development charges (EDC) or other charges for NRSE projects.Entrepreneurs who are keen on setting up NRSE projects will be provided with the single window facility through the Punjab Energy Development Agency (PEDA)- the nodal agency for implementation of such projects, to ensure expeditious clearances. The policy is expected to help generate nearly 400 MW power through non-conventional and renewable sources of energy by 2017.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17329819", "title": "Skill development workshop in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: Entrepreneurship Development Institute(EDI), Chennai will organise a skill development workshop on quality and value appraisal of gold jewellery. The workshop will be held from November 28 to December 7 at EDI's Guindy campus.The course will cover various methods and techniques of assaying gold through theory and practical sessions. Topics such as basic metallurgy of gold, silver and copper and calculation for purity of gold will be covered by expert assessors and specialists. The participants will also be taught the procedures of establishing a business enterprise to deal in gem and jewellery trade. For registration contact: 8754590960/9443728438 or 044-22502412.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17400355", "title": "Four arrested for posing as cops", "text": "RAIPUR: Police burst a gang of four youth who used to pose as policemen and extort money and other valuables from people, in various cities and towns in the state.Additional superintendent of police (Crime Branch), Azad Shatru Bahadur Singh said that the gang was active in the state capital for the last six months while they also indulged in similar crimes in Durg, Rajnandgaon, Korba, Bilaspur, Raigarh towns.Posing as policemen, the accused would carryout a random check of morning walkers taking a stroll or target businessmen returning home late at night and then they would extort money and also loot other valuables, including ornaments by threatening them of some violation or the other.One member of the gang hailed from Bidar in Karnataka while three others belonged to Maharashtra. Two of their accomplices are absconding. Singh said gold jewellery, worth Rs six lakh, and an equal amount of cash, an Andhra Pradesh registered motor cycle, and fake identify cards of policemen were recovered from their possession. tnnHe said that police in Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh and Maharashtra have been informed about their arrest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17329116", "title": "Authority mulls change in DND deal", "text": "NOIDA: The Noida Authority has started talks with the Noida Toll Bridge Company Ltd (NTBCL) over provisions of the concession agreement regarding recovery of the project cost and the toll company's designated annual return of 20% of the total cost. The move comes a day after the Federation of Noida Resident Welfare Association (FONRWA) filed a PIL in the Allahabad high court seeking to make the DND Flyway toll free.The Authority doesn't seem keen on bearing the toll operator's increasing cost burden and its requests for frequent revision of toll rates. Sources said that the Authority feels that current concession agreement between the toll company and the Authority is one-sided and \"unduly favourable to the private party\" that helps it milk the public authority for profits.Sources said that due to these clauses, NTBCL has proposed hiking the toll rates at least four times in the past one year alone.The Authority is, hence, actively considering tweaking, or amending at least some clauses in the agreement to suit both parties. It is already in talks with its top brass as well NTBCL regarding this matter.\"Public pressure has resulted in the toll company rolling back the hike in toll charges this time. However, the clause in the current agreement that allows toll revision based on the consumer price index, besides other things, is against public interest and needs to be altered,\" an official said.\"The Authority needs to get the toll bridge transferred from NTBCL to itself soon. NTBCL has been charging toll from commuters on DND since it started operations in 2002 and has already recovered cost of constructing the 9.2km-long flyway. It is high time that the flyway is made toll free,\" said NP Singh, President, FONRWA.NTBCL authorities refused to comment.The toll charges on the DND were hiked on November 10. Four wheelers were required pay Rs 25 instead of Rs 22 and two wheelers were required to pay Rs 12 instead of Rs 11. NTBCL had proposed to the Noida Authority to implement a hike of about 36% for four wheelers, thus proposing to hike the toll for four wheelers to Rs 30.However, Noida Authority insisted that the toll rates be hiked by a maximum of about 9-13% to minimize the burden on public. On November 18, the toll hike was rolled back fearing protests by FONRWA and the Bharatiya Kisan Union.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17334116", "title": "No chargesheet yet in Kutchehri serial blasts", "text": "VARANASI: The chapter of November 26, 2008 terror attack on Mumbai was seemingly closed with the hanging of sole surviving Pakistani gunman Ajmal Kasab at Pune jail after four years of the incident on November 21 while the UP police have not succeeded in filing even the chargesheet in Kutchehri serial blasts case, which took place on November 23, 2007.It may be recalled that on November 23, 2007, Indian Mujahidin (IM) had rocked the state by executing serial blasts at the kutchehris of Varanasi, Lucknow and Faizabad. In this attack, three lawyers were killed while over 50, including 18 lawyers had suffered serious injuries. Immediately after the blast, the Anti-Terror Squad was formed in the state, which is handling the probe into Kutchehri blasts.At a time when the lawyers' fraternity was busy to observe anniversary day of the Kutchehri blasts, TOI tried to know the progress in the investigation of ATS in this five-year-old case when it came to light that this agency has yet to file even the chargesheet. DIG ATS, Rajiv Sabbarwal disclosed: \"In the cases registered under Unlawful Activities Prevention Act (UAPA) and waging war against the country, prosecution sanction is required from the state government. In the cases under Explosive Act, permission from district magistrate is required for filing charge-sheet.\"He said that one of the accused in this case Saif has to be taken on remand for interrogation and application for taking him here on warrant B had already been submitted before Delhi court.But, he said, the court has ordered that until the trial in Batla House incident would complete, Saif could not be sent outside Delhi.Until Saif is interrogated, he said, filing chargesheet in Kutchehri blasts case of Varanasi will remain impossible. He said that partial chargesheet had already been filed in the case of Lucknow while the trial in Faizabad serial blasts is at the verge of completion.According to ATS official, the accused in Varanasi Kutchehri blasts case was also accused in the terrorist attacks in Delhi, Hyderabad and Gujarat. Immediately after the Kutchehri blasts, the STF had succeeded in nabbing one of the IM modules, Faiz.After it, during the Batla House (Delhi) encounter one of the IM ultra, Chhota Sazid was eliminated while Saif was arrested. These two IM ultras had planted the bombs in Varanasi.Two other accused identified as Khalid of Madiyahu and Sariq of Rani-ki-Sarai in Azamgarh district were also arrested. Sources said that one of the accuse in Lucknow blasts, Arif had already been arrested while the accused IM ultras in Faizabad kutchehri blasts identified as Arif Zunaid and Mirza Shadab Beg are still at large. President of Central Bar Association Ashok Singh said that it unfortunate that even after five years of Kutchehri blasts, the probe into this matter is hanging in balance.He said that apart from CBA, Banaras Bar Association would also join the tribute ceremony to be organised on the campus on Friday.He said that he had also contacted the ATS officials and apprise his colleagues about the progress in the investigation of this agency during tribute ceremony. After it, he said, a memorandum would be forwarded to the chief minister to ensure that the case is being investigated properly and the accused are punished.Govt move shocking: The delay in completion of probe in Kutchehri blasts is keeping the lawyers worried and fresh move of state government to seek legal opinion for the withdrawal of cases from some terrorists is proving equally shocking.Through a letter (No. 1991/18-case withdrawal(2010-12)JA) sent to district magistrate office here on November 8, 2012, the state government has sought opinion of district government counsel (criminal) and joint director prosecution for withdrawing cases lodged against Harkat-ul-Jehad-e-Islami mastermind Waliullah and other module Shamim, on whom a cash reward of Rs 20,000 was announced five years back. Both these are accused in March 7, 2006 serial blasts at Sankat Mochan temple and Cantonment railway station.Opinion has been sought on state versus Waliullah/Shamim (case no.-28/05, 36/06, 11/06 under section 3/4/5 of Explosive Act, 15/16/17 of UAPA, 302, 307, 324 and 326 of IPC, 3/5 Explosive Act, 427 and 120B of IPC registered at Lanka, GRP and Dashaswamedh police stations). District magistrate Saurabh Babu tried to avoid to avoid replying queries regarding such letter. Other officials were also tightlipped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17333944", "title": "Kasab was sharp", "text": "MUMBAI: The special cell of the Mumbai police which was formed to perform the execution order of Pakistani terrorist Ajmal Kasab had somewhere feared that latter may attempt to flee knowing that he would be hanged.Immediately after the supreme court confirmed his death sentence, the Jail authorities had officially informed Kasab that he will be hanged. On November 8, after the president of India Pranab Mukherji rejected his mercy petition, Kasab was told that he will be hanged.On November 12, the Arthur road jail authorities once again as per the jail manual informed him that his hanging date has been fixed to November 21.While we were escorting Kasab, we feared that he may try to flee and thats why we had even handcuffed him. Secondly he himself had told us during preliminary inquiries that Laskar E Toiba (LET) operators had thought him how to escape the police.\"said an officer.The officer who had interrogated him also told that though Kasab was not literate but was intelligence, sharp and shrewd.He during his LET training had learnt all the arms and ammunition training. Police said had he got an opportunity he would have tried to escape.Immediately after being caught alive by the Mumbai police on November 27, 2008 he became defensive and put the entire blame on his accomplice Abu Ismail. He said all the firing at CST was done by Ismail and he was just accompanying him. He also said that it was Ismail who fired at ATS chief Hemant Karkare and constable Tukaram Ombale.\"said officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17332094", "title": "ATM thieves thrash senior cop", "text": "BOKARO: Three policemen of a patrolling party on Thursday allowed a criminal to walk away after thrashing their sub-inspector in their presence on Wednesday midnight. The incident occurred when the police team had tried to foil a loot attempt of a State Bank of India (SBI) ATM at Telgadia Moad under the Chas Muffasil police station here.The incident has brought huge embarrassment to the Bokaro police. This was the third incident in a month of miscreants targeting ATMs in a bid to steal cash from them. Earlier, miscreants had attempted to loot an ICICI Bank ATM in Telgadia and a SBI ATM in Balidih without any success on November 3 and 4 , respectively.Joseph Minz, the SI of Chas Muffasil police station, who was involved in the fisticuff with the criminal, claimed that the policemen accompanying him on duty didn't come to his help following which the criminal managed to flee after overpowering him. He sustained a minor injury. The policemen who were accompanying him have been identified as havildar Gala Pradhan Sawia, besides constables Ashok Pal and Ashok Kumar Mahto.However, the police department has managed to get the footage of the incident from the CCTV camera installed in the ATM, which they have circulated to other police stations in Bokaro and the neighbouring districts. The photo of the criminal has also been sent to the Crime Investigation Department (CID) to ascertain his identity. Chas DSP B Kulu, who reached the spot along with the dog squad, failed to trace the criminal.According to sources, the incident occurred around 12.30 am when the criminal entered the kiosk and overtook guard Subhash Mahto at gun point. He then physically assaulted Mahto and pushed him in the restroom after tying his hands and legs. Later, he pulled down the shutter and started dismantling the ATM machine to take out the cash.In the meantime, the patrolling party of the local police station which was passing by sensed something fishy on seeing the shutter of ATM down. Minz along with the other policemen went to the kiosk and lifted the shutter only to find the criminal trying to take out cash from the ATM.Minz without giving a second thought jumped on the criminal in an effort to nab him. The criminal soon overpowered Minz and beat him up badly. SP Kuldeep Dwivedi accepted the negligence on part of the policemen. He said although Minz was not carrying his pistol he tried to nab the criminal An FIR has been lodged in this connection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17330321", "title": "Homam for dengue, collector orders inquiry", "text": "MADURAI: Public and hospital staff, at the Government Rajaji Hospital (GRH) here have sought divine intervention, in order to control the further spread of dengue disease. A 'maha mruthyunjaya homam' and 'dhanvantri homam' were conducted at the premises in the wee hours of Thursday.However, the rituals have not amused the government authorities. District collector Anshul Mishra said, \"Performing homam in a government institution is an absolutely stupid thing. I cannot accept the superstitious approach to dengue while we are fighting against it scientifically. An inquiry will be conducted in this matter and I would recommend the state government to take action against the persons involved in the superstitious belief.\"The homams were organised by members of Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP) with the consent of the authorities of the hospital. Maha mruthyunjaya homam is conducted to achieve victory over death, whereas dhanvantri homam is conducted to shield people from all health ailments, said Chinmaya R Somasundaram, state secretary and Madurai district president of the VHP.\"The homams were conducted with the consent of the hospital authorities. Dr N Mohan, dean, Madurai Medical College and GRH took part in the homams and received prasadams. Ten doctors and about 50 nurses from the hospital also took part in the homams,\" he said.Health officials have taken several steps to control the prevalence of dengue in the district. However, deaths due to dengue and suspected dengue are continuing, said Somasundaram.\"What is impossible for doctors and medicine is ultimately possible by God. We hope that only God can only prevent people from dying due to dengue and suspected dengue. Moreover, the patients who are undergoing treatment would get confidence for a speedy recovery due to the homams,\" he also said.The homams were conducted by a group of sivachariyars led by Senthil, chief priest of Meenakshi Amman Temple. Apart from them, an 'odhuvar' also took part in the homam and recited Tamil hymns. The priests carried the holy water after the homams and sprinkled in all the dengue wards and on the patients, he said.The homams were conducted near the tuberculosis department between 4am and 6am. College students from Hindu Students' Association also took part in the homams and distributed prasadams to patients, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "17332973", "title": "Thousands protest against jumbo menace", "text": "KEONJHAR: Elephant attacks have brought together thousands of villagers in Sadar block who rallied in front of the district headquarter hospital on Thursday demanding adequate compensation for victims and crop loss, among others. The villagers submitted their 15-charter demands to the divisional forest officer. The villagers demanded increase in compensation amount from Rs 2 lakh to Rs 5 lakh in case of death. They also demanded Rs 1 lakh compensation for the injured and Rs 50,000 for crop loss per acre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17329849", "title": "Threatened by own party men: Councillor", "text": "CHENNAI: A Corporation of Chennai councillor and AIADMK member A M Ali Khan Basheer - who was warned against extortion by chief minister J Jayalalithaa - on Thursday filed a police complaint against three men of the same party, stating that they threatened him when he asked them to stop taking money from shopkeepers in Pudupet.Basheer admitted that Jayalalithaa had given him a dressing down over extorting money from traders in Pudupet and on General Patters Road, but said he has since stopped his regular shakedowns. The police intelligence wing has sent a detailed report to senior officers on the case.Basheer, councillor of Ward 63, Villivakkam (North), in his complaint said he had been threatened by AIADMK men during a discussion with party functionaries in his office on Tuesday night. He lodged a complaint at the Egmore police station.\"I strictly limit myself to working for the benefit of people in my ward,\" Basheer told TOI. \"I was in my office in Pudupet on Tuesday when Kozhi Mohan, Babu and Maraikayar picked a quarrel with me,\" he said. \"When I asked them to stop extorting traders, they abused me and threatened to kill me.\"Basheer's relative Mohammad said the three AIADMK men challenged them to stop them and warned them not to preach morals to them. \"They even warned us against interfering with them,\" Mohammad said.He said the three men, when summoned to the police station, promised that they would stop taking money from shopkeepers on GP Road and collecting \"parking fees\" near the TNEB office off Anna Salai.\"We don't want to allow party men to threaten and extort money from shopkeepers. It will damage the party's image,\" Basheer said.During a confidential meeting for the elected corporation councillors at the AIADMK party headquarters on Lloyds Road in Royapettah at the beginning of the year, Jayalalithaa warned several councillors named in an intelligence report for being involved in extortion.Jayalalithaa gave them a stern warning against continuing the illegal activity. Basheer was one of more than 12 councillors who Jayalallithaa had pulled up.Shortly after the chief minister's warning, the party relieved Basheer of his posting as unit secretary of Chepauk and Triplicane and replaced him with V K Babu alias Abdul Raheem. Basheer, however, retained his post as councillor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17331948", "title": "Chill out! No sharp drop in mercury expected this week", "text": "BHOPAL: It will take a few more days for chilling cold weather to take the state in its grip. The temperature will not drop sharply unless winds go northerly, the weatherman said.The officials of Met department, Bhopal circle, said currently the wind direction is south easterly and no immediate significant change would be seen in the prevailing weather conditions for at least three more days.The temperature in four main cities- Bhopal, Indore, Gwalior and Jabalpur--ranged between 28.2 degrees C and 9.4 degrees C on Thursday.The maximum temperature in Bhopal was recorded at 28.2 degrees Celsius and the minimum at 12.4 (-1) degrees Celsius.Indore recorded a maximum temperature of 28.8 (+1) degrees Celsius against a minimum of 12.6 degrees Celsius.The maximum temperature in Gwalior was recorded at 28.8 (00) degrees Celsius whereas the minimum stood at 9.4 (-2) degrees Celsius.The maximum and minimum temperature in Jabalpur were respectively recorded at 28.4 (-1) 13.4 (00) degrees C.Weatherman said similar dry condition is expected to prevail in the state on Friday too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17331038", "title": "Sporting Clube wary of in-form Pailan Arrows", "text": "PANAJI: Alex Alvares summoned his players together and passed on a simple message at the end of a training session at the Don Bosco ground in Panaji on Thursday.\"I don't have to tell you much but handle these youngsters like thorough professionals. They can create havoc with any side,\" said Alvares even as the Sporting Clube players, all professionals, nodded in silent agreement.Just like Alvares, nobody really has any doubt that Pailan Arrows -- Sporting's next opponent at the Nehru Stadium in Fatorda on Friday -- has the potential to turn the tables upside down on their rivals. They are young, hungry and extremely talented.\"Take them for granted and you wouldn't know what struck you. We must keep our heads cool and play to a plan,\" said Alvares.On a little piece of paper, Alvares had scribbled down the game plan. It was simple, he explained, because you cannot really plan -- from an individual perspective -- for a team like Pailan Arrows where they attack and defend in numbers.\"The key to winning is to break their rhythm. It's the only side I know who come close to the concept of Total Football ,\" said the Sporting technical director.The key, when it comes to Sporting Clube, is also the defence. Should they be able to hold fort, or at least churn out a decent performance, the points would be there for the taking. The problem is two of their key defenders, Rojen Singh and Boboi Singh, are struggling to be fit for the clash, but if there is any consolation it has to be the return to fitness of Keita Boubacar, Sporting's Wall of China.There are other encouraging signs as well. Japanese striker Seiya Sugishita, purely on the evidence of his last match showing, looks like a good signing while Nigerian midfielder Ogba Kalu has started to enforce himself in a manner where he can, almost single-handedly, decide the course of a match.Pailan Arrows will be raring to have a go at Sporting Clube especially after they were robbed, well almost, of a point by cash-rich Prayag United, thanks to a late goal from Lalkamal Bhowmick.Placed seventh, Pailan Arrows have been the biggest talking point of the league and Arthur Papas' side has given every team a run for their money.The only worry, however, is the discipline, or the lack of it, within the ranks. Reports have been doing the rounds of how Pailan Arrows players have skipped training, reported late, stayed out of the academy premises, and, in one instance, a player was found in the company of a woman on the eve of a I-League game.Action todaySporting Clube de Goa vs Pailan Arrows, I-League, Nehru Stadium, Fatorda, 5.30pm", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17328525", "title": "Sachin Tendulkar has great talent and a great mind: Rahul Dravid", "text": "MUMBAI: Despite being the best No. 3 batsman India ever produced, Rahul Dravid had to constantly live under the shadow of Sachin Tendulkar . It was a fact of life 'The Wall' lived with comfortably and gracefully. On Thursday, while launching the book 'Sachin: Born To Bat' by Khalid AH Ansari at the Cricket Club of India, Dravid revealed that the fact that Tendulkar was an extraordinary player was a realization that dawned on him pretty early in life.As a 14-year-old, it was a 13-year-old Tendulkar's batting for West Zone against South that left Dravid in complete awe. \"I was not included in the playing eleven. In those days, if you were not in the eleven, you were given scoring duties and I was the scorer for my team in that match. Prior to reaching Cuttack, I had made some runs in Bangalore and fancied myself as a batsman. However, after seeing Sachin score 67 there, I put aside my pen, and told myself, 'buddy, you have a long way to go!\"Dravid narrated a Tendulkar anecdote, and he aped Sachin's famous 'squeaky voice' so well that the emcee of the function, TV commentator Harsha Bhogle , 'warned' him immediately that it would be out on the net within an hour! Dravid revealed what fellow commentator and former Test batsman Sanjay Manjrekar told him recently about a game long back between West Zone and South Zone in Chennai. \"Ravi Shastri (West captain) remarked that it was a turning track and that his team did not have enough spinners to exploit it. Overhearing the conversation, Tendulkar said in his squeaky voice, 'Main dalega (I will bowl).' Asked what will he bowl, Tendulkar replied, 'Kuch bhi (anything)... off spin, leg spin...\" Dravid imitated.\"We have scored more than 6900 runs together, and I can proudly tell my grandchildren that I batted with Sachin... They may not remember me, but they will certainly remember Sachin,\" he added. The former India captain said he always relished the maestro's batting from the other end. \"I have with great pleasure seen Sachin from close quarters construct an innings. He has great talent and a great mind. He is a man who is not only born to bat but born to play cricket,\" Dravid gushed.Struggling for runs at the moment, and going into what could be his last Test on his home ground, one hopes Dravid's words would pep up Tendulkar to rewind the clock and bounce back to form with a 'cracker' against England at the Wankhede.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "17332119", "title": "Caterpillar attacks concern for Gumla farmers", "text": "GUMLA: Caterpillar attacks on crops, mostly vegetables, has started worrying farmers in the district. The problem has been such that financial loss is keeping them from growing vegetables afresh. The subsequent hike in prices of vegetables will surely affect the budget of the common man too.\"I had cultivated green pea in a two-acre plot and cauliflower in half-acre plot. As the seeds started germinating caterpillars attacked the leaves. All vegetables were badly damaged owing to which I incurred substantial financial loss,\" said Champa Oraon, a farmer of Ambatoli village under Gumla block in the district.Caterpillars, which have appeared in innumerable number this time, have destroyed tender leaves of spinach, cauliflower, peas, radish, brinjal and other crops barring tomato and chili, said Nausad Ansari, a farmer of Basua village.Almost similar is the picture of other areas in the district, according to an officer of the agriculture department. Manoj Lohra of Chapla village in Ghaghra village said caterpillars are adversely affecting growth of vegetables in several villages while farmers are desperately looking for ways to tackle the problem.Nirak Kumar, an agriculture scientist attached to the District Agriculture Science Centre said growth of the insect is caused by the onset of winter crop season and farmers should use insecticide on the growing vegetable crops to keep them away. \"If the damage to the crop is over 15% its growth will certainly be low and the quality of produce will be affected,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17330336", "title": "Tea diplomacy: A lot can happen over a cuppa for taxpayers!", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Income Tax Department has introduced its own version of tea diplomacy in a bid to have better ties with taxpayers and increase collections.Fearing lower tax collections in the coming months, the department has sent out letters to top taxpayers in the state, inviting them for a cuppa with senior officials. The move comes following a September 3 meeting of I-T chief commissioners from across the country with Union finance minister P Chidambaram . The finance minister had asked the department's zonal offices to monitor advance tax collections and meet targets.The Gujarat I-T department has a target of Rs 26,552 crore for 2012-13. In the last fiscal, it was Rs 21,239 crore. The department collected Rs 7,908 crore till September 15 as advance tax. The overall tax collection for the department this fiscal till September 15 was up by 31% compared to last year. Nationally, the growth was of 37% for the same period.Senior I-T officials said that each range has prepared a list of top taxpayers in its jurisdiction and reaching out to them in different ways to ensure that the economic slowdown does not weaken tax collections.\"We decided hear taxpayers' grievances over tea. We want to improve relations with them,\" said Dilip Shivpuri, chief commissioner of income-tax - I.So far, tax collection from Gujarat public sector companies and several companies in sectors like pharmaceuticals have seen growth. Till September 15, the department has collected Rs 4,215 crore as advance tax from corporates, which was Rs 3,656 crore last year.For the current fiscal the top advance tax payers for the department included Gujarat Mineral Development Corporation, Gujarat State Finance Corporation and Axis Bank among others.\"We have sent around 25 tea invitations mostly to Gujarat PSUs and another 100 are ready. Zonal offices will meet at least two top tax payers and iron out issues,\" said a senior I-T official of Gandhinagar range.The department had increased the number of searches after September 15. From March till September 15 this year, the department took up a few cases. But since then taxmen have cracked down on more than 60 business groups, mainly realtors, in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17331946", "title": "Declare Indore international airport: CM", "text": "BHOPAL: Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan has requested Union civil aviation minister Ajit Singh to restore the earlier schedule of Indian Airlines flight between Bhopal-Delhi sector, which made possible to and fro journey the same day.During his meeting with the minister on Wednesday, Chouhan also requested Singh to declare Indore an International Airport, which has been upgraded and equipped with all required facilities with extended cargo handling facilities for operating international flight for the benefit of trade, industry and agri-growers, a government spokesman later informed.There is an urgent need for perishable cargo hub at Indore, which will cater to the need of floriculture and pharmaceutical sector, which has immense potential. The detailed DPR of this has already been submitted by the state government.According to the spokesman, Chouhan also urged the Union minister for early allotment of 4.23 acres of extra land to state hanger by the Airport Authority of India in Bhopal . The Union minister assured of an early and favourable decision of the issues raised by the chief minister, spokesman said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17329178", "title": "Sex assault on actor kin: Man gets 3 years in jail", "text": "MUMBAI: An Andheri magistrate court sentenced Pritesh Doshi (27) to three years' imprisonment on Thursday, for kidnapping an actor-producer's daughter from Oshiwara and forcing her into unnatural sex at a hotel in Madh Island in May 2009.Doshi was present in court when the court pronounced the order.The Oshiwara police had booked Doshi for robbery, kidnapping of the minor girl and having unnatural sex with her.On May 10,2009, Doshi approached the girl and forced her to accompany him to a Madh Island hotel, after threatening her that he would spill the beans about her affair with her ex-boyfriend.Doshi had unnatural sex with the girl who later returned home in an auto. She told her parents about the incident and they reported the matter to the police. The Oshiwara police were investigating the case but unable to trace the accused.After a few days, Doshi kidnapped another minor girl from Charkop after stating that her father was in hospital and wanted her to accompany him for a medical test. Doshi then took the minor to the same hotel in Dana Pani, where he had taken his first victim. The hotel staff turned him away as his companion appeared \"very young\". Doshi took the minor to another hotel and raped her. After the second victim reported the incident to the police and provided her abductor's description, the Charkop police picked up Doshi. for questioning on suspicion as his description matched and he had written his name in the entry register.According to the police, several cases of chain-snatching were registered against Doshi.After his arrest in the Charkop case, the police learnt about his involvement in the Oshiwara case. The Oshiwara police took him into custody. \"Doshi used to be dressed nattily and spoke impeccable English. He mostly targeted girls almost half his age\" said a senior police officer. Last year, the sessions court sentenced Doshi to seven years' imprisonment in the Charkop case.The son of a real estate agent, Doshi, is a class X-dropout and had earlier tried to find a job in the US. He frequented pubs and took to chain-snatchings in 2008 to finance his lavish lifestyle, the police said. He was arrested for the first time on September 6, 2008, in Kandivli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "vadodara/anand", "code": "17331791", "title": "Charotar no longer safe bet for Congress", "text": "VADODARA/ANAND: The Charotar heartland of Gujarat will be no longer be a cakewalk for Congress. The NRI-belt of Central Gujarat, once considered the safest gamble for Congress, is expected to give a tough time to Congressmen in the assembly elections.After the 2007 assembly elections, Congress had an upper hand in Anand district with four out of eight assembly constituencies with the party and one going in favour of the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP). But the delimitation has changed the contours of almost all the assembly constituencies.While two constituencies - Bhadran and Sarsa - being eliminated, a new assembly constituency - Anklav - has been carved out, reducing the total assembly seats from eight to seven in the district.Of the 52 candidates that the Congress released in the first list, four candidates have been repeated in Anand.Three sitting MLAs - Amit Chavda from Borsad, Rajendrasinh Parmar from Bhadran and Niranjan Patel from Petlad - have been repeated as party candidates while Sandipsinh Chudasama who had lost the polls last time has been given another chance at the Khambhat seat.But in the jugglery to accommodate everybody, Chavda, the two times MLA, who was so far playing on the home turf - Borsad - is having a tough time at the newly carved Anklav constituency which includes 26 villages of Borsad, six villages of Bhadran and 16 villages of erstwhile Sarsa assembly constituencies.Parmar, Bhadran's two times MLA, too is struggling to make his presence felt at the Borsad seat. After the delimitation, 43 villages from erstwhile Bhadran constituency have been included in Borsad but 26 villages have also been eliminated.The twin constituencies of Borsad and Bhadran from where Madhavsinh Solanki once rose to become Gujarat's chief minister, are traditional Congress bastions. Even in the 2002 post-Godhra wave, the two seats had remained with the Congress while Anand, Sojitra, Petlad, Sarsa, Umreth and Khambhat had moved to the saffron fold.For the Congress, this time another bone of contention is the Umreth assembly constituency which after delimitation includes eight villages from erstwhile Sarsa constituency. Here state NCP chief and Sarsa MLA Jayant Patel alias Boskey has laid his claim to contest making the camp led by Congress' sitting MLA Lalsinh Vadodia jittery.Meanwhile, the party has already started facing rebellion. On Thursday, two Kshatriya leaders Dhulabhai Solanki and Jesinh Parmar from Petlad submitted their resignations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17329542", "title": "Undergraduate students in Jamia Milia Islamia to study Urdu for 2 years", "text": "NEW DELHI: All undergraduate students in Jamia Millia Islamia to be admitted from the next academic session will have to study Urdu as a compulsory subject for two years instead of one.\"Again, in keeping with Jamia's tradition of linguistic diversity, the university decided to reintroduce examination papers in three languages, namely Urdu, Hindi and English, to ensure equal opportunities to students coming from different backgrounds,\" said vice-chancellor Najeeb Jung at the annual convocation on Thursday.Jung also highlighted the achievements and important initiatives of the university such as the implementation of the semester system at the undergraduate level, collaborative initiatives like the meta-university with Delhi University , infrastructure expansion, new courses and strengthening links with foreign institutions of higher learning.The university conferred the degree of Doctor of Letters (Honoris Causa) on noted cardiologist Dr Ashok Seth at the convocation. \"Combine spirituality and science. Live for mankind,\" he told the students present at the convocation. The Dalai Lama , UN secretary general Ban Ki Moon and Nobel laureate Amartya Sen had received the honour earlier.A total of 4,179 students were awarded degrees/diplomas for completing postgraduation, graduation and diploma courses in the academic session 2010-11. Jamia also handed out 147 gold medals to the toppers in different courses and 204 PhD degrees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17327394", "title": "Mujahid or mercenary? Rather than religious fanaticism, poverty drives young men to become jihadi foot soldiers", "text": "In response to a police officer's questions 26/11 gunman Ajmal Kasab said on national TV, as he lay injured in a hospital bed, that he didn't know much about jihad but had joined the terrorists only to earn some good money that could help his poor family. How often i have heard a similar refrain from captured terrorists, during my deployment in the Kupwara sector of the Kashmir valley during the tumultuous years between 1997 and 1999! They were usually young men in their late teens or early twenties, mostly unemployed, some with rudimentary education and some illiterate, but almost always from underprivileged families. The typical young terrorist usually belonged to a large family with meagre means; one among several siblings, with no more than one or at best two bread earners. Money was never adequate for basic needs and then there was always the question of marrying off the girls in the family into good families, fixing the leaking roof before the next monsoon, and so on.The episode of 19-year-old Rizwan (name changed), from Pak Pattan in West Punjab, was typical of a young man attending a public rally organised by the likes of Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT), getting carried away by all the fiery rhetoric and signing up to respond to what was perceived as a solemn religious duty. Rizwan infiltrated into Kashmir after some basic training in handling the proverbial AK-47. He moved with his group from hideout to hideout. Before long he was caught by the Indian Army and brought in for interrogation.He was pleasantly surprised by the humane treatment he was given, because it was in contrast with what he had been told. He said that at a congregation near Lahore he had heard Islam was in danger in India, as many mosques were being destroyed and Muslims were not permitted to offer namaz or practice their religion.He was told that families of those who joined up for jihad would be paid substantial sums in addition to regular sustenance to all jihadis during their tour of duty (usually two to three years). Besides he was assured that in the event that any jihadi was martyred, his family would receive a handsome amount to at least partially compensate for its loss. Coming from a landless family of farm workers and with three older sisters to be married off, his immediate thought was that this was his opportunity to help his family financially and, if in the process, he should die, he would be a shaheed, bringing further prestige to his family.\"I am not highly educated, sahib, but within a few days of coming to India i knew that i had been led up the garden path by falsehoods. In village after village i saw that mosques were not only intact but there were several of them and these were perhaps the best maintained buildings. Furthermore, if we didn`t show up for Friday prayers in time, the mosques would be so crowded that we would end up offering namaz on the street outside!\"In the case of a `khansama` from a Pakistani Rangers battalion (a paramilitary force), he was simply lured by the prospects of making some quick money. Let`s call him Hamid, a cook working for a senior officer at Hyderabad (Sind). Hamid was spending some well earned leave at his village near Muzaffarabad in PoK. A friend introduced him to the local agent (an ISI operator) who recruited him as a porter for a short trip that would earn him about Rs 15,000. The task involved carrying some `logistic` loads to Indian Kashmir. \"No fighting\", he was assured; just follow the leader`s instructions. Lured by money, he joined an infiltrating group. But when bullets started flying, he surrendered to an Indian army patrol. When the army began asking questions about his training and recruitment, he confessed that he could not handle a weapon but was armed with many a good recipe!Then there was this large group of `Afghan fighters` that an infantry unit of the Indian army managed to capture through some skilful manoeuvre, without firing a single shot. Only one in the group could speak some broken Hindi. It seemed that the Afghans had come to Pakistan looking for some means of livelihood. They found jobs as stevedores at Bagh in PoK, where they were threatened with arrest as illegal immigrants. Their only salvation lay in, they were informed, acting as porters for the Mujahids.That was just the beginning of their troubles. They were held in near-captivity and treated like beasts of burden, but they were not hungry and also earned some money. So they continued to endure, till sent on a mission. When they found themselves facing the wrong end of the Indian Army`s rifles, they surrendered without a fight. So much for the fierce Afghan fighter, ten feet tall!Kasab was just another foot soldier. He was looking to earn some good money, following his father`s advice. He could have been just another Rizwan or Hamid. But the dice that his LeT masters threw fell the wrong way.The writer, a retired Lt general in the Indian army, was formerly a Corps Commander in Kashmir", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17330158", "title": "12 persons, including seven children hurt in hit and run", "text": "times news networkCHANDIGARH: 12 persons, including seven students of primary classes and three teachers suffered injuries as the school bus they were travelling in collided head on with a speeding truck near a village on the outskirts of Rohtak on Thursday.Injured students have been identified as 10-year-old Sachin, eight-year-old Harsh, 10-year-old Gaurav, 10-year-old Ajay, seven-year-old Muskan and eight-year-old Monu. Injured teachers included Richika, Vidya and Ritu. The school clerk, Anil and the bus driver were rushed to PGI Rohtak and they are stated to be out of danger.The incident occurred when the staff and students of S D Public School were on their way back after school hours. As the school bus neared the Garnavti village turn, a speeding truck rammed into it in the process of wrongly overtaking another vehicle. The truck driver fled from the spot.The front part of the bus was badly damaged under the impact of the collision. Villagers rushed to the aid of the victims. A case has been registered against the truck driver at the Sadar police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17330178", "title": "Mercury act wins city boy ticket to Finland", "text": "KOLKATA: This is the real life, and it's no fantasy. A rendition of music supergroup Queen's 'Bohemian Rhapsody' has won 18-year-old Kolkata boy Faizan Khurshid a ticket to Finland, where he, along with Mumbai's Sharvari Deshpande, is set to represent India at the Karaoke World Championship on November 29-December 1.Queen's Freddie Mercury (1946-1991), with his four-octave range, is considered as one of the world's all time greatest vocalists. For a boy still in his teens, following his act is like mission impossible. But Faizan has not only achieved what few would dare to even try, he has beat participants from across India to reach the finals of the global championship. And what's more interesting is that Faizan's music mentor, his brother Kamran Khurshid, was last year's national karaoke champion who went to Ireland to represent his country.\"I, along with my brother, had participated last year. But I was disqualified as I was 17 at the time. My brother went on to represent India in Ireland. He reached the top 20 but couldn't win. So this year he asked me to perform, it's his dream to see me win this time. He has mentored me and planned out my every step. Even zeroing down on Bohemian Rhapsody was his idea,\" says Faizan, who is an Asutosh College student.\"Freddie Mercury is a tough act to follow as his style is not just operatic but also theatrical. His range is incredible. For guys, it's especially tough to copy. And Bohemian Rhapsody is easily one of the world's most difficult tracks to sing, there is so much variation, changes in modulation, yet it is so well-crafted,\" says Arunima Banerjee of Saturday Night Blues. At special gigs, Arunima covers Mercury hits 'I Want To Break Free' and 'Crazy Little Thing Called Love', among others.\"I sing for fun, and I have no formal training. No, that doesn't scare me,\" Faizan chuckles. \"The judges said they wanted someone who could perform and not just sing. After all, it's karaoke. The whole act counts. Hence the face paint and props,\" he adds.When it comes to his strategy in Finland, for which he leaves on November 25, he is tight-lipped. \"I don't think I should disclose it here. But I appeal to all my supporters to stream the Karaoke World Championship online to see how I'm doing. Please pray for me. I hope I can make India proud,\" says the starry-eyed surprise.Win or lose, just by taking a crack at one of the grandest compositions in the history of rock, Faizan has already won the right to hum \"We Are The Champions\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "manipur ", "code": "17333983", "title": "Public hearing fails to resolve oil project impasse", "text": "MANIPUR : A public hearing held on Wednesday at Sibapurikhal in Churachandpur district of Manipur on oil exploration in the state failed to clear the roadblock to a proposed project.The public hearing was organised by the Manipur Pollution Control Board at the Sibapurikhal community hall where various social organizations representing the ethnic groups of the state opposed the proposed oil exploration programme by an overseas company. The hearing was organised with specific reference to seismic aspects of oil exploration and drilling in the state.Jubilant Oil and Gas Pvt Ltd, based in the Netherlands, was offered exploration rights in two blocks of Manipur by the Union ministry of petroleum and natural gas in 2009 for 3,957 sq km in the Churachandpur, Tamenglong and Imphal East districts, sources said.Representatives of Joint Action Committee, All Rongmei Welfare Association, Jeme Human Rights Foundation, Hmar Inpui (Hmar Supreme House), Village Authority Association of Tipaimukh subdivision of Churachandpur district and other indigenous village organizations expressed their opposition to the proposed oil exploration and extraction. hey expressed their \"serious concern with the manner in which oil and gas exploration projects have been pursued in vast areas of the state.\"The organisations said they were not provided with prior information and, therefore, the proposed exploration did not bear the consent and knowledge of the indigenous people. They said the life of the people of the hills , the forests and rivers will be affected due to exploration. This is a new design by the authorities to pollute the virgin environment. They said the Manipur government had given permission to JOGPL for oil exploration and drilling on November 15, 2010. But it failed to take care of the concerns of the locals, the Autonomous District Council and the Manipur Hill Areas Committee, said Hmar Inpui chairman Laloilin Hmar.However, deputy commissioner (Churachandpur) Jacintha Lazarus during the public hearing ensured the villagers that the proposed exploration would not harm the environment of the region.Tejendra Paul Singh, asset manager of Jubilant Oil and Gas Pvt Ltd, said the places of exploration will not be disturbed. \"We will not enter the reserved forests either,\" he said. Singh expressed his company's commitment for corporate social responsibility for the region in question.They said the Manipur government had given permission to JOGPL for oil exploration and drilling on November 15, 2010. But it failed to take care of the concerns of the locals, the Autonomous District Council and the Manipur Hill Areas Committee, said Hmar Inpui chairman Laloilin Hmar.However, deputy commissioner (Churachandpur) Jacintha Lazarus during the public hearing ensured the villagers that the proposed exploration would not harm the environment of the region.Tejendra Paul Singh, asset manager of Jubilant Oil and Gas Pvt Ltd, said the places of exploration will not be disturbed. \"We will not enter the reserved forests either,\" he said. Singh expressed his company's commitment for corporate social responsibility for the region in question.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17334201", "title": "Investigating agencies helpless against the terrorist groups", "text": "VARANASI: The undecided fate of two other blasts at Dashaswamedh Ghat in 2005 and 2010 also hint clearly that how the investigating agencies are helpless against the terrorist groups.The last terrorist blast had taken place at Old Dashaswamedh Ghat (commonly known as Sheetla Ghat) on December 7, 2010 in which the life of a minor girl was claimed while several persons including foreign tourist, who were taking part in Ganga Aarti had sustained injuries. The investigators are still groping in dark, though the ATS claims that the accused had been identified. But, any progress in investigation or further formalities like filing of chargesheet can take place after their arrest only.More shocking was to see that on failing to get clue about the terrorists, who carried out the first Improvised Explosive Devise (IED) blast in the city at Dashswamedh Ghat on February 23, 2005, the local police filed the final report (FR) in this case. On February 23, 2005, Manoj Kumar Gupta of Naibasti Manduadih, Surjit Kumar Bind of Shivpurva, Ajay Kumar Yadav, Monu of Bhelupur, Bihari Patel of Mirzapur, Shivnath Majhi and Rohit Majhi had lost their lives while nine including Rajkumar and two French tourists had suffered injuries in an IED explosion at Dashaswamedh Ghat.After the blast the local police continued to claim that it was the explosion of LPG cylinder. Despite submission of forensic report on March 7, 2005, which established that IED containing ammonium nitrate was used in the explosion, the police waited for another serial blasts at Sankat Mochan and Cantonment railway station on March 7, 2006 to add the sections like 302, 307, 324, 326, 120 B of IPC and sections of Explosive Act in Dashaswamedh blast case. In December 2008, the then SSP recommended for transferring this case of ATS by attaching with the probe with Sankat Mochan blast case.However, in April 2009 circle officer Dashaswamedh submitted a closure report to the SP City, but the latter ordered for re-probe into the matter. But, perhaps the men-in-khaki had no interest in searching the culprits hence a final report (FR) was submitted in this case on July 25, 2009. It was more shocking to see that no official of police department had any information that in which court all these reports or the final report were submitted. Despite going through the records of the courts like of additional chief judicial magistrate-VIII and chief judicial magistrate, the cops engaged by the then DIG in February last could not succeed in getting the file of February 23, 2005 blast case. Not only this but no record concerned could also be found in FR register of these courts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "17330181", "title": "Adopted girl fills 26/11-hit couple's void", "text": "MOHALI: Life's vicissitudes are sometimes rude and ruthless. Major general (retd) Jagtar Singh Kang and his wife seem to have realized this and are trying to fill the void that the 26/11 terror attack left in them.The elderly couple lost their daughter-in-law, Neeti, and two grandsons - Uday and Samarveer Singh - in the Mumbai bloodbath four years ago. The loss was irreparable. But the Kangs found a way to seek solace by adopting eight-year-old Jeevan, daughter of their domestic cook Surinder Kumar, who has been serving them for the past 22 years at their farmhouse in Kandala, near Jagatpura village in Punjab, along with his family.\"We have nurtured Jeevan as our grand-daughter and take care of her,\" says 70-year-old Kang.For Kang and his 66-year-old wife Kawaljit, life has moved on since 26/11 even though they are yet to come to terms with the tragedy.\"Around one year ago, I made my will and have left Rs 11 lakh public provident funds in her (Jeevan's) name. She will also get 5% of the share in this (Kandala) farm house once it is sold after my death,\" adds Kang, who is suffering from multiple myeloma cancer.Jeevan is a Class III student at Kendriya Vidyalaya, Airforce high grounds, and is fluent in English. Piling praise on the girl, Kawaljit adds, \"I take keen interest in her studies and she has been an excellent student. She is our lifeline. Jeevan eats with us, even if guests visit. Her clothing, diet, schooling, everything is taken care of by us.\"Narrating how emotionally attached she is to her \"dada-dadi\", as the girl fondly calls the Kangs, Kawaljit says Jeevan hugs them the first thing in the morning and doesn't stop crying when the couple leaves for an outstation trip.\"My children, son in the US and daughter in Bahrain , supported my decision to adopt her. My son has even promised that he will take care of Jeevan after my death,\" says Kang. Jeevan's mother Shalu Devi has been the domestic maid with the Kangs since she married Surinder 10 years ago, and Shalu's brother Ranjit Singh is their driver.Putting up a brave front, the couple says \"nothing can bring back our loved ones, not even Kasab's hanging\".\"One has to move on and both of us have. We have found our own way to get out of the tragedy through Jeevan,\" says Kawaljit. She adds, \"My son does not even want to talk about 26/11.\"Kang's son Karambir was the general manager of Taj Mahal Palace and Towers, which was targeted by the terrorists on 26/11. His wife and sons were found asphyxiated in the bathroom of the hotel's sixth floor suite which served as their residence.Karambir is now settled in the US and remarried Priya Nagrani. The couple now has a two-year-old daughter - Aura.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17333054", "title": "Industries owe 500cr water bill to state", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Industrial houses have pending water bill of around Rs 500 crore in the state, information obtained using Right to Information Act revealed.A total of 59 companies have not paid water dues in the state. Sewa Paper Mill at Jeypore tops the list of defaulters with highest dues of Rs 107.15 crore, the RTI information reveals.Among other major companies with big pending amounts include Sterlite Energy (Rs 88.41 crore), Vedanta Aluminium (3.39 crore), Orient Paper Mill Brajaraj Nagar (37.02 crore), M/s Shyam DRI (Rs 17.79 crore), Rathi Steel and Power Sikiridi ( Rs 12.94 crore), Bhusan (Rs 47.64 crore) and Tata Refractories at Belpahad (Rs 11.21 crore).Public sector undertakings too have crores of unpaid water bills. Mahanadi Coalfields Brajaraj Nagar facility owes Rs 33.55 crore towards water to the state. Similarly, MCL Jagruti Vihar, Burla, has pending dues of Rs 2.31 crore, and Nalco Refinery at Damanjodi Rs 34.22 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17329883", "title": "50% hike in cigarette prices could save 4.1m Indian lives: ADB study", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 50% increase in cigarette prices in India will save 4.1 million lives due to tobacco use as 9.6 million people will avoid taking to smoking or quit the habit altogether. While a 100% increase in prices of cigarettes in India will avoid 8 million deaths due to tobacco consumption.According to a major study by the Asian Development Bank (ADB), a 50% hike in prices by India along with China, the Philippines, Thailand and Vietnam corresponding to a tax increase of about 70%-122% would reduce the number of current and future smokers by nearly 67 million and reduce tobacco deaths by over 27 million.ADB also found that it will generate over $24 billion in additional revenue annually \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a 143%-178% rise over each country's current cigarette tax revenue.Two-thirds of the world's tobacco users live in only 15 countries, and five of these high-burden countries are in Asia.The total number of cigarette smokers alive is over 400 million in these five countries, including India, and the number of additional future cigarette smokers at current rates is projected to be about 132 million. Smoking is estimated to kill about 267 million of these 530 million current and future cigarette smokers. And, the majority of these fatalities \u00e2\u20ac\u201d estimated at 201 million \u00e2\u20ac\u201d will be among current smokers.\"The main strategy for all countries is to raise substantially the number of current smokers who quit via price and non-price interventions. On current smoking patterns, about 1 billion people will be killed from smoking this century,\" the study says.Bhavna Mukhopadhyay of the Voluntary Health Association of India (VHAI) said all tobacco containing products should be subjected to high rate of excise and VAT \"to keep the next generation healthy. If tax on tobacco products is raised, government Income will increase while expenditure on health will go down. Today, tobacco products are affordable and easily accessible to minors. \" The World Health Organisation says that an estimated 5 million deaths were caused by tobacco use in 2010. The mortality burden attributed to tobacco is estimated to nearly double by 2030, with approximately 70% of these deaths projected to occur in developing countries.\"Cessation substantially reduces the risks of continued smoking, and in particular those who quit before age 40 achieve death rates close to nonsmokers. A key pillar of tobacco control thus involves use of price and non-price interventions to substantially raise the number of adults who quit smoking, and preferably at younger ages,\" according to ADB.In India, the most common type of smoked tobacco is bidi, which contains about a quarter of the tobacco of cigarettes. Bidis remain largely untaxed. Moreover, cigarette smoking is steadily displacing bidi smoking in India. It makes more sense for governments to focus on taxation strategies for cigarettes while expanding efforts to tax tobacco products more broadly.WHO says that lower income groups were more susceptible to tobacco-related illnesses, particularly in all-cause mortality, lung diseases and low birth weight.Nearly 5,500 people take up tobacco consumption every day. As per health cost study conducted by the Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR), the cost of treatment of just three diseases caused by tobacco - cancer, lung disease and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease accounted for roughly 25% of all public spending on health.In India annually, 10 lakh deaths are attributed to tobacco alone. It is estimated that by 2020, tobacco use will account for 13% of all deaths in India every year.Almost 35% adults (15 years and above) consume tobacco in India (47% men and 21% women).Experts say taxes on tobacco products in India fall well below the rate recommended by the World Bank \u00e2\u20ac\u201d from 65% to 80% of retail price. Taxes on bidis are low, averaging only 9% of retail price, while cigarette taxes account for approximately 38% of the retail price.Over 120 million Indians smoke, and 10% of the world's tobacco smokers live in India. Almost a third of Indians \u00e2\u20ac\u201d 57% of all men and 11% of all women \u00e2\u20ac\u201d consume some form of tobacco and many use more than one type of tobacco product.Bidis are the most popular tobacco product used in India.Bidis account for nearly 85% of total smoked tobacco in India. Cigarettes comprise less than 15% of all smoked tobacco, but contribute nearly 85% of tobacco taxes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17328748", "title": "Synthetic meat to be a new concept", "text": "NAGPUR: Lab-grown meat appearing on the supermarket shelves sounds like a science fiction? A city NGO Sukrut Nirman Charitable Trust (SNCT), fighting to curb cow slaughter in the region, is in touch with Dutch researchers who are working on developing synthetic or test-tube meat, taking a small amount of cells from a living animal and growing it into lumps of muscle tissue in the lab which can be eaten as meat for human consumption.Scientists believe synthetic meat, besides avoiding killing of animals, could help reduce the environmental impact of meat production. The technology to develop artificial meat has been around since the turn of the century. National Aeronautics and Space Administration ( NASA ) once looked into developing for their astronauts - but making an edible and commercially viable product has remained out of reach.The issue was discussed at the 58th International Congress of Meat Science and Technology (ICOMIST) at Montreal in August. One of the topics among a host of others included in vitro meat, also known as synthetic or cultured meat, by Dr Mark Post from University of Maastricht, Netherlands. Dr N N Zade, head of department of veterinary public health, Nagpur Veterinary College, also attended the meet.Cultured meat is an animal flesh product that has never been part of a complete living animal. It may be one of the several new technologies needed to maintain food supplies. Zade says such meat is produced in vitro, in a culture cell, rather than from an animal. It is produced by taking number of cells from a farm animal and proliferating them in a nutrient-rich medium.Dr Post claimed cells are capable of multiplying so many times in culture that in theory, a single cell could be used to produce enough meat to feed global population for a year. After the cells are multiplied, they are attached to a spongelike scaffold and soaked with nutrients.The resulting cells can be harvested, seasoned, cooked, and consumed as a boneless, processed meat such as hamburger or chicken nuggets. Dr Post says cultured meat has its own advantages concern with animal welfare and public health. It has the potential to be healthier, safer, less polluting, and more humane than conventional meat.Founder of Sukrut Kanakrai Savadia believes that cultured meat production can be more efficient than conventional meat in its use of energy, land and water.\"More importantly, while making cultured meat it not necessary to kill an animal. Only a muscle biopsy from a live animal is to be collected and culture the isolated cells. In India, cultured meat will be like a boon,\" Savadia feels.Savadia adds it will also produce less waste and may prove vital, specially in countries like India, which is losing valuable livestock due to meat production to satisfy export demand. Savadia plans to meet Dutch scientists along with some local experts on the issue soon.As per the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO), 6.2mmt (million metric tonnes) of meat is produced in India annually. The per capita animal protein consumption in India is 10.4 gram per day compared to world consumption of 25 gram per day. The FAO estimated that 18% of global greenhouse emissions are accounted for by the livestock sector, and demand for meat is expected to double. To prevent further loss of animals, cultured meat was the better solution.Dr Post hopes to satisfy at least part of the country's demand by making the stuff in factories.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17330356", "title": "Special workshops for students during heritage week", "text": "MADURAI: With Archaeological Week celebrations on in the state from November 19 to 25, the archaeology department here has organised special workshops for school and college students in the city to highlight the importance of protecting monuments and historical structures. Every day, 50 students selected from various schools and colleges in the city are attending these special workshops in Thirumalai Nayak Mahal, where archaeological experts provide hands-on training to students on protecting ancient palm inscriptions, stone sculptures through chemical treatment and inscriptions copying among others.Addressing the students, N Ganesan, regional assistant director of archaeology spoke to them on the importance of conserving our history and heritage through preserving our archaeological monuments. \"Only by protecting them, can we teach our children and the next generation our heritage and history, that dates backs to many centuries,\" he told the students. He explained to them about various stone inscriptions found in the state that speak volumes about the dynasties, kings and the lifestyle of the Tamil people. Later, the students were given training on using various chemicals and methods to preserve stone sculptures, palm scripts and stone inscriptions. D Anandan, assistant chemist from the department, assistant engineer R Narayanan, junior engineer J Oli Malik and other officials taught the students.Department sources said they had planned to celebrate this week in a grand manner by taking students to Jain beds and other ancient archaeological structures in the city. However, the dengue scare had dampened their efforts. Many of these archaeologically significant places fall in Melur block that is ravaged by dengue. However, to pass on the message of protecting archaeological sites and structures, they have decided to educate the children at the Mahal itself. The entrance fee for the mahal has been cancelled for this entire week. Every day 3,000 to 4,000 visitors come to see the palace and heavy crowds are seen throughout the week, official sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17329483", "title": "Diwali earnings of state transport body shrink", "text": "NASHIK: The Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) has registered lower profit margins this Diwali because of the agitation by sugarcane farmers and the unforeseen bandh following the demise of Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray.\"The business this year has not been that good as expected for the two reasons - of which one was disastrous in the sense that the agitation by sugarcane farmers not only prevented schedules of MSRTC buses, but also resulted in the damage of property, during the Diwali season itself - one of the biggest of the festivals of India,\" said MSRTC divisional controller, Nashik, Kailas Deshmukh.The peak business days were from November 9 to November 18 because of the season and hence the MSRTC had made elaborate arrangements for the buses to carry the citizens. \"However the agitation that spread like wild fire in the Western Maharashtra took toll on the traffic movement and thus prevented people from visiting these place from Nashik as well. Naturally the turnout was affected even as the traffic towards North Maharashtra and Marathwada continued. But it must be marked out that the traffic to West Maharashtra in particular and Pune in general had been affected bringing down the margins,\" Deshmukh said.The MSRTC Nashik division recorded the business of Rs 7.89 crores, up by Rs 40 lakh as compared to last year's Diwali period. There was a drop in the kilometers (travelled by buses) because of the agitation by the farmers, the officials said.The load factor, on the services that were run, this season accounted to 62.70 percent as against 64.15 percent last year showing the drop in the number of travellers, who might have taken other mode of transport (like railways) to reach their destinations, the statisticians of the department said.This was further coupled with the demise of Bal Thackeray when the citizens from the entire State preferred remaining indoors. Not only were the bus trips cancelled, but there were huge numbers of people calling for cancellation of reservations as well.The target set by the MSRTC for the season was Rs 1 crore in addition to the business done last year as against they have managed to collect Rs 40 lakh. The administration is still hopeful on achieving the same from the movement of the citizens in the following week, the officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17330522", "title": "PIL seeks appointment of Lokayukta in state", "text": "JAIPUR: A PIL has been filed in Rajasthan high court seeking judicial intervention for appointment of Lokayukta in the state. The post is lying vacant since May 1 this year. The petition also seeks guidelines to be issued for future so that the post may not remain vacant for a long time again.The PIL, filed by Krishan Murari Lal Asthana, through his counsel Abhinav Sharma, claimed that the post has attained significance especially due to the demand of a Jan Lokpal at the national level. According to the petitioner, Rajasthan is the second state to create a Lokayukta in 1973 after Maharashtra, where the Lokayukta Act came into force in 1971 for the first time in the country.\"However, the office of Lokayukta in state has became defunct in the 42 years of its existence with the post lying vacant for most of the time in the past four decades,\" alleged the petitioner.The Lokayukta is appointed by the governor in consultation with the Chief Justice and Leader of Opposition. Earlier, Asthana along with one Kashi Purohit had challenged the constitution of a three-member commission of inquiry headed by Justice N N Mathur to probe alleged corruption charges against the Vasundhara Raje government.\"The commission was winded up by the high court which directed that all the complaints shall be investigated by the Lokayukta. The order of high court was upheld by SC but the government did not fill up the post,\" said the petitioner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17331317", "title": "Two teens who snatched jewellery from train passengers held", "text": "MUMBAI: Two teenagers who used to snatch ornaments from women passengers travelling in the last local post midnight or the first local before daybreak, have been arrested by the GRP in Borivli. The CCTV footage from the station shows the teens twirling the stolen chains around their fingers as they walk by. The duo has been lodged at the Dongri remand home.According to the police, the accused are aged 12 and 13 years. They would stand on the footboard of the local and as soon as the train picked up speed, would snatch mangalsutras , gold chains or necklaces of the passengers and jump off.Cops posed as beggars and slept on platforms on receiving tip-off . As soon as the accused boarded trains and attempted to snatch chains, the team of cops nabbed them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17331333", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcJudges societies\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 land allotment legal\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "MUMBAI: There is no illegality in the allotment of land by the state government to two housing societies of judges at Bandra (E), the Bombay high court held on Thursday. The court dismissed two public interest litigation which termed it government's largesse to Siddhant and Nyay Sagar\u00e2\u20ac\u201dwhose members comprise sitting and retired HC judges and a sitting Supreme Court judge.A division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Ranjit More, reading excerpts of their verdict, said there was \"no haste\" in allotment of land and \"no substance\" in the petitioner's allegation that the land was given at throwaway prices as the societies paid for it according to Ready Reckoner rates. They said all rules and procedures were followed by the government during allotment.The petitions alleged that while reservation for dishoused was deleted in favour of Nyay Sagar, the reservation for subordinate court building /staff quarters was deleted for Siddhant. But the judges said there was no illegality in deletion of reservation . They said the government policy provides for deletion of reservation for the dishoused, provided 10% of built-up area is handed over to BMC for housing the dishoused. They said the question remains as to who will bear the cost for its development , an aspect the government must examine.The judges also said there is \"nothing illegal\" in sitting judges renting their allotted 1,076 sq ft flats as it is permitted in a government resolution subject to payment of license fees. They said judges need to occupy official residences of 3,700-4 ,000 sq ft close to HC because of time in commuting from the suburbs . They said judges also carry their work home and \"need physical and mental space to concentrate\" . \"For those who do not know what judges do beyond court hours , but judges do read case papers , law books. A judge does not remain aloof and even at home is pondering over papers and is only a physical presence,\" the judges said.They also said a HC judge, as a constitutional functionary , is entitled to accommodation commensurate to his position. \"In other states, high court judges live in huge bungalows on 2-3 acres land,\" said Justice Shah, in his parting comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17328703", "title": "Save W Ghats meet to focus on engaging civil societies", "text": "PUNE: Save The Western Ghats practitioners' conclave' will be held in Mahabaleshwar from November 30 to ensure sustainable partnerships and collaboration for conservation among various civil society organisations working in the Western Ghats.Organised by the Applied Environmental Research Foundation, Pune, and Save the Western Ghats group, the conclave will be attended by around 350 participants, from Maharashtra, Tamil Nadu , Kerala, Karnataka, Goa and Gujarat. It will be a stakeholders meet that aims at protecting the Western Ghats.The conclave will also commemorate the 25 years of save the Western Ghats march of 1987 - 88. The three day conclave will also conduct various sessions, workshops and meetings to facilitate dialogue and build partnerships between various civil society groups.Archana Godbole, convener of the Save Western Ghats meet 2012 told TOI that the conclave will hold discussion on ecological, economic and social issues leading to sustainable solutions and strategies for the region. It will also provide an opportunity for various corporate houses and business stakeholders to know about the role they can play in preventing the degradation of the ecology in Western Ghat and aim towards sustainable development.The second day of the conclave will be celebrated as the 'indigenous day' and a food festival will be by the various tribal groups from the Ghats.In view of the Western Ghats ecology expert panel report, there will be a keynote session including a policy bench which shall discuss the policy recommendations of the report. Also, a civil society networking workshop will be held along with other sessions that will focus on Western Ghat and media, the urban society and learning from research and environmental education. Other sessions will focus on the inclusion of the Western Ghat in the UNESCO World Heritage site list and the importance and feasibility of the green economy and institutional framework.The participants will include members of the civil society, activists, researchers, government officials, writers, corporate officials and students.The conclave will have speakers like Madhav Gadgil noted ecologist, Ganesh Devy as well as old marchers of the 1987- 88 who will share their experiences.Godbole said that save the Western Ghats march of 1987-88, covered the entire stretch of the ghats and lasted for 100 days. It marked the beginning of a journey of activism towards conservation of Western Ghats and fighting for the cause of its inhabitants. After a long gap, save the Western Ghat movement was revived by a group in 2009. A meeting was organised by this newly formed save the Western Ghat group in Goa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17329341", "title": "BJP, Left rigid on vote on FDI policy", "text": "NEW DELHI: The deadlock between the government and opposition over FDI in multi-brand retail looks set to deepen with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's dinner diplomacy with the BJP failing to break the ice.BJP leaders stuck to their stand that the government had gone back on its assurance that global retailers will be allowed access to Indian markets only after striving for a consensus through discussions with political parties and CMs.With BJP and Left sticking to their guns that the contentious policy be discussed in both Houses under a motion that entails a vote, there is a distinct possibility of the first half of the brief winter session being consumed by disruptions although some opposition parties do not favour a prolonged shutdown of Parliament.In her discussions with non-UPA leaders on Thursday, leader of opposition in Lok Sabha Sushma Swaraj made it clear that BJP will insist that the discussion take place under Rule 184 that facilitates a vote. Her counterpart in Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley made a similar point, saying \"FDI in retail affects livelihoods of lakhs and the policy must be debated under a voting provision.\"CPM leader Sitaram Yechury rejected the government's arguments saying, \"The last discussion was under a non-voting clause. The assurance given that a decision will be taken on the basis on consultations with all stake holders was violated. So what is the point of a discussion under a non-voting rule again?\" he asked.The Left has submitted a privilege motion against commerce minister Anand Sharma which however left the minister unfazed. Sharma said he was ready to face a privilege motion and said stake holders the government referred to does not include only political parties.Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's appeal that all parties have an obligation \"to work together to enable our parliamentary democracy to grapple with formidable challenges facing our country\" did not cut much ice. Proceedings were marred by SP and BSP, both UPA's outside supporters, although their actions might have helped the government in blunting an attack on the FDI policy.Differences came to the fore when the Rajya Sabha business advisory committee met on Thursday leading to parliamentary affairs minister Kamal Nath saying the matter could be discussed by an all-party meeting. The meeting has been scheduled for Monday where political parties can be expected to reiterate their public positions.The government is not likely find the going easy as regional outfits like BJD have taken a clear cut position against FDI in retail despite reports that Congress is making efforts to ensure the Odisha party backs the government. Other parties like AIADMK are also expected to oppose the policy.There is more support for opposing FDI in retail than there was for Coalgate that caused the rumpus in the last session. At the time, Left parties were not keen on forcing a daily closure of Parliament. This time around, CPM leader Prakash Karat has made no bones in declaring that he has no hesitation in standing with BJP to oppose FDI in retail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17330848", "title": "This dwarf planet has no atmosphere", "text": "LONDON: Astronomers have discovered that a distant dwarf planet, about two thirds the size of Pluto, lacks atmosphere. The planet 'Makemake' travels around the Sun in a distant path that lies beyond that of Pluto but closer to the Sun than Eris, the most massive known dwarf planet in the solar system.Previous observations of chilly Makemake have shown it to be similar to its fellow dwarf planets, leading some astronomers to expect its atmosphere, if present, to be similar to that of Pluto.But astronomers led by Jose Luis Ortiz (Instituto de Astrofisica de Andalucia, CSIC, Spain) in a new study have found that like Eris, Makemake is not surrounded by a significant atmosphere. The team combined multiple observations using three telescopes at European Southern Observatory's La Silla and Paranal observing sites in Chile \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the Very Large Telescope, New Technology Telescope, and TRAPPIST (TRAnsiting Planets and PlanetesImals Small Telescope ) \u00e2\u20ac\u201d with data from other small telescopes in South America , to look at Makemake as it passed in front of a distant star.\"As Makemake passed in front of the star and blocked it out, the star disappeared and reappeared very abruptly, rather than fading and brightening gradually. This means that the little dwarf planet has no significant atmospher,\" said Jose Luis Ortiz. \"It was thought that Makemake had a good chance of having developed an atmosphere \u00e2\u20ac\u201d that it has no sign of one at all shows just how much we have yet to learn about these mysterious bodies. Finding out about Makemake's properties for the first time is a big step forward in our study of select club of icy dwarf planets,\" Ortiz said.The team's new observations add much more detail to the view of Makemake \u00e2\u20ac\u201d determining its size more accurately , putting constraints on a possible atmosphere and estimating the dwarf planet's density for the first time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17332869", "title": "Relationship with Ronson was toxic: Lilo", "text": "Actress Lindsay Lohan believes her relationship with Samantha Ronson failed because they were \"two toxic people\" and couldn't be together.Lohan and Ronson split up three years ago and although the former says they are now friends again, she doesn't think they were made for each other.\"I need to love myself first before I could be with anyone else, and I was going through a lot. Two toxic people cannot be together. End of story. We're friends now. That's how it started so I think that's how it was meant to be,\" femalefirst.co.uk quoted Lohan as saying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17330485", "title": "Statewide day-long industries\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 stir opposes increase in electricity duty", "text": "LUCKNOW: Around 30 major associations from across the state have joined the protest by IIA (Indian Industries Association) declaring a complete closure of industries across the state on Thursday. The striking group claimed the industries across the state incurred a loss of Rs 2,000 crore, out of which Lucknow industries faced a loss of Rs 200 crore, though a few units owing allegiance to other groups were open.D S Verma executive director of IIA said the closure was observed to bring the attention of the government to losses caused by hike in electricity duty of industries and business establishments from the earlier 9 paise per unit to 7.5 per cent of electricity bill (a 400-500 per cent increase). Various industries have alleged that UP Power Corporation Ltd (UPPCL) was trying to settle its long impending outstanding bills (approx. worth Rs 26,000 crore) with the government agencies and domestic users by putting the entire burden on industries.Prashant Bhatia chairman of IIA said, \"The revenues will anyway flow to the state treasury and not UPPCL. How can the huge increase compensate for the department's loss? Besides, there has been a 95 per cent increase in demand charge of electricity from Rs 115 to now Rs 225 per kilowatt. Though the new tariff was announced on October 19 it has been applied from October 1 which is again a direct loss as the industries accordingly plan their further investments.All these decisions are unilateral and we are struggling to air our problems to the CM for the past four months.\" The industries have complained that in spite of their repeated reminders, the CM or officials have not bothered to give them an ear.The industries yield about 90 per cent tax of the state government but if the increase in the tariff and duty continues, they would be forced to shut down or migrate, said G C Chaturvedi former president of IIA, adding, \"Small scale industries cannot migrate, they would eventually die but medium and bigger industries would migrate to states like Himachal Pradesh, Gujarat, or Uttarakhand, where industrial policies are favourable.\"He said unlike other states, only UP government includes minimum charges (Rs 500) in the tariff along with the demand and unit consumption charges. Even though UP Electricity Regulatory Commission had decided to roll it back, it is still being continued which is an additional cost. All associations have announced that the protest would be intensified if their problems went unheard. Chaturvedi said, \"We will give a week's time to the government to roll back the hike and remove the minimum charges. We have been told that a middle path is being sought and we are waiting for a response.\"The industry is demanding that increase in duty should be rolled back completely and the tariff hike (which was due for last three years) should not be more than 15 per cent which is about 35-50 per cent at present. They want the hike to be reasonable and in parts rather than a one-time exorbitant increase.The industries argued that the government has revised charges depending on the type of industries. \"Where unit consumption is more as in big industries the increase is in unit charges, risen from Rs 3.85 to Rs 5.60 (about 45 per cent) but for small scale industries, the increase is of 18.40 percent that too in the energy charges from 4.45 to 5.86 per cent as these areas receive scarce electricity supply, hence less units are consumed. All charges have been revised suiting their needs.\" The electricity bills have swollen by 35 to 50 per cent post the implementation of hikes in tariff and duty.Samajwadi Party has tried to establish a pro-industrial government image but its recent moves have irked all quarters of the industry alike. The government has been sending negative feelers to the industry of late. A harassed manufacturer said, \"Pro-industrial approach is all on papers and no project has actually taken off. Previous government did not offer any favourable policy but at least let us survive within our limited means.\" Verma said though the government claimed to be protecting weaker sections, they are actually hitting many families who are directly employed with MSME sector. About 60 per cent of the workers in MSME industry belong to weaker sections of the society.A small entrepreneur said, \"There is a misconception in the government that those in the industry are not their voters, but in fact MSME in UP alone employs about 60 lakh workers whose families comprise about 3.4 crore population. These are directly involved with the policies of the government and are their direct voters.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17328526", "title": "Pimpri-Chinchwad roads unsafe to walk on: NGO", "text": "PUNE: Citizens are facing traffic problems due to lack of pedestrian safety measures and poor implementation of traffic regulations. This despite widening of roads, pointed out Paryavaran Sanvardhan Samiti, a group dealing with environmental issues in Pimpri-Chinchwad.Vikas Patil, president, Paryavaran Sanvardhan Samiti said that at all busy junctions, autorickshaws are seen parked in a haphazard manner resulting in traffic congestion. \"The civic body has widened many important roads in the city including Pune-Mumbai highway stretch, Telco road, and Aundh-Ravet highway and has spent crores on it. However, haphazard parking of vehicles and autorickshaws at busy junctions is obstructing the smooth flow of traffic,\" he said.Patil, who has sent a letter to the municipal commissioner, said that the civic body and traffic police should identify proper space for autorickshaw stands. Also, there are no dedicated parking lots for private, tourist and company buses or heavy vehicles along the roads.Patil also highlighted on the lack of pedestrian signals at busy chowks. He said that the pedestrians face a major risk in crossing roads, moreover, vendors and shop owners encroach on the footpaths. The civic body does not take any action against encroachments. Footpaths are used for parking of vehicles which adds to the problems. \"There are no lane markings on roads which have been widened. There is no lane discipline which leads to accidents. The civic body has constructed flyovers at busy chowks to reduce the traffic congestion. Though the space below the flyovers was earlier used for parking but now the civic body is constructing gardens in that space. Vehicles should be allowed to park there to reduce the congestion on roads,'' he said.Responding to the issues raised by the samiti, Shirish Poreddy, spokesperson, engineering department, PCMC said the civic body has constructed traffic safety islands at busy chowks on the 61 meter wide Pune-Mumbai highway which act as pedestrian refuge. \"We have found that stalls, beggars and others occupy the spaces below the flyovers and cause a nuisance so we are now constructing gardens to prevent this menace,\" he said.RM Bhamre, assistant commissioner of police, traffic, Pimpri said, \"The traffic police take action against the unauthorized rickshaw stands. It will conduct a joint survey with the PCMC to identify places for rickshaw stands and parking lots. There are pedestrian signals but no one follows due to lack of awareness among motorists and pedestrians. We need to create more awareness.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17334079", "title": "House tax hike: Corporators fail to stage unified stir", "text": "KANPUR: While all 108 corporators of the city have expressed resentment against the proposed hike in house tax, vested interests and party considerations have scattered them, weakening the struggle.A meeting of corporators was convened on Thursday noon but barely half a dozen corporators reached the venue at the stipulated time. While the numbers increased later, a joint effort was clearly missing in the meeting. Earlier, while corporators belong to the Congress met their party MLA Ajay Kapoor in this regard, Samajwadi Party corporators contacted Samajwadi MLA Satish Nigam.Nigam assured his party's corporators that he would raise the issue before the state urban development minister Mohd Azam Khan and demand a provision for revision of tax after every five years instead of two years. Samajwadi party corporator Mahendra Pandey alleged that rules for the house tax were amended during the BSP regime.Earlier, there was a provision of amendment every five years, but it was amended and provision of two years was included. BJP corporators meanwhile are looking up to their mayor and claimed that they would show their strength in the house.Independent corporators said they were not following any party but very much a part of the struggle. Congress leader Kamlal Shukla said the city was already reeling under the anomalies of GIS survey. While these matters had not been solved yet, Nagar Nigam officials had dropped another bomb in the form of the house tax hike, which was absolutely illogical. the corporators have also decided to burn an effigy of Nagar Nigam officials to lodge their protest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17329759", "title": "2G scam: Ex-CAG official repeats objection to Rs 1.76 lakh crore loss figure", "text": "NEW DELHI: Reiterating his testimony to the Joint Parliamentary Committee, CAG's former director general (audits) R P Singh once again alleged that he was bypassed by the federal auditor's headquarters in projecting a Rs 1.76 lakh crore figure for the 2G scam .Singh had during his submission before the JPC taken a similar stand and questioned top authorities in the CAG for insisting on carrying a presumptive loss figure of Rs 1.76 lakh crore despite his reservations. His testimony to the JPC was, however, to what he told Parliament's Public Accounts Committee even earlier.Speaking to Times Now on Friday, Singh added fresh fuel to the ongoing debate whether the comptroller and auditor general was realistic in projecting a presumptive loss of such proportion unmindful of the market dynamics.Last week, after the Supreme Court initiated auctions of 122 cancelled 2G spectrum licences failed to generate encouraging response, UPA ministers targeted the auditor and questioned the authenticity of its report. Singh's fresh salvo at the supreme auditor is likely to continue that debate.Singh's draft report on which the final CAG findings are based does opine against a loss figure. But the same report does set out three revenue loss calculations.Singh told the TV channel that he had expressed reservations on the three parameters that were used to calculate the presumptive loss figure of 1.76 lakh crore. The three parameters used were the S-Tel offer, 3G auction price and the equity sale.Singh said despite his reservations about the validity of these parameters, the CAG office revised the report, almost unilaterally. On why he signed the report when he had objections, Singh said he \"signed the revised report because he was ordered to do so by his senior colleagues in the CAG office\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17330317", "title": "Seismic design course at IIT-Gandhinagar", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Indian Institute of Technology Gandhinagar (IIT-GN) will train civil engineers and senior professionals on earthquake-safe constructions. A short course \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Seismic Design of Reinforced Concrete Buildings \u00e2\u20ac\u201d will be conducted from November 26 to November 30 wherein participants will be taught seismic design procedures for multi-storied reinforced concrete buildings.IIT-GN director, Prof Sudhir Jain who is also one of the faculties of the course said, \"The idea is to enable engineers to plan and direct construction activities appropriately.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17328383", "title": "Gautam Gambhir's moment of reckoning", "text": "MUMBAI: While all eyes are on Virender Sehwag, who will be playing in his 100th Test, and Sachin Tendulkar , who will probably be featuring in his last Test on home soil, one man will be happy to have the focus off him: Gautam Gambhir .The southpaw averages a disappointing 27.76 in his last 22 Tests and has scored just eight fifties. A battling 93 against South Africa at Cape Town is the closest the Indian opener has come to three figures.With the selectors set to announce the squad for the remaining two Tests in Kolkata and Nagpur, and players like Murali Vijay and Ajinkya Rahane breathing down his neck, the unusually long rope that he has been offered is fast threatening to become a noose. Gambhir knows that he has to deliver and what better venue for a second coming than the Wankhede, where he made his Test debut against Australia in the winter of 2004.That game, played on a sand paper of a pitch, ended in just over two days and Gambhir fell to single-digit scores in both innings. But a 96 in Kanpur, against South Africa in his next Test, helped him get established. The tour of Bangladesh that followed saw him getting his first hundred (139) in Chittagong. Indifferent form against Pakistan and Sri Lanka at home, where he repeatedly fell lbw or bowled after falling over onto the leg side, saw him banished from the Test squad for almost two years.All this while he kept scoring runs in domestic cricket and despite good performances in ODIs and T20s, he was desperate to make a Test comeback. His moment of reckoning came in the Ranji final against Uttar Pradesh at, where else but the Wankhede.Leading Delhi, he was out for a blob to Praveen Kumar in the first innings as his side conceded a first-innings lead of 52 to UP. With chief selector Dilip Vengsarkar watching, everyone thought Gambhir had blown his chance again. But thanks to Pradeep Sangwan's five-wicket haul, Delhi were given a second lease of life and UP were bowled out for 177 and set Delhi 230 to win.On a tricky wicket, Gambhir took the bull by the horns and smashed an unbeaten 130 off 154 balls to help Delhi bag the title and win Vengsarkar's confidence as he slotted him in for the Tri-series Down Under in which he scored two hundreds.He hasn't looked back since.Wankhede is also the venue where he soaked in the pressure like a sponge and slammed a brilliant and determined 97 in the World Cup final against Sri Lanka. His knock and the 109-run partnership with skipper MS Dhoni, after India had lost Sehwag (0) and Tendulkar (18) with the total on 31 in a tough chase of 275, were instrumental in India emerging champions.Now with his career at the crossroads, Gambhir is back on the ground that launched him into the spotlight. Will it also help in his reincarnation as a Test batsman?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17333854", "title": "Government even considered airlifting Kasab to Yerwada", "text": "MUMBAI: An indication that utmost secrecy was to be maintained regarding shifting of Ajmal Kasab to Yerwada and his execution also comes from the fact that the Maharashtra government at one point even toyed with the idea of airlifting him to the Pune prison.According to information,the chief ministers office had even made arrangements for a special flight for this purpose.A senior cabinet minister said that the plan was,however,nixed in view of permission required for carrying arms on a plane.Armed personnel transported Kasab to the Pune facility by road in the evening on November 19 eventually.Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan confirmed this development.Government sources said that a series of meetings on the relocation plan for the terrorist took place between Chavan,home minister R R Patil and senior home and police officials from November 8,the day on which President Pranab Mukherjee rejected Kasabs mercy plea.Sources said the jail manual and the rights it accorded to the terrorist were also discussed during the meetings and were later followed to the tee.Sources revealed that besides the time required for obtaining permission for the airlifting plan,officials also felt that it could impact the secrecy of the operation.Chavan said utmost secrecy was maintained to ensure that the security was not compromised.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "malegaon", "code": "17329478", "title": "Triplets born to Malegaon couple", "text": "MALEGAON: A 30-year-old woman in Malegaon delivered identical triplets - all boys- last Friday, thorough normal procedure at a private nursing home.Parents Syyeda Perveen and Ziaurrehman, thought they would have identical twins. It was only after the deliveries of twins that they got to know that they had been blessed with a third.\"It was a full-term normal delivery. Initially the ultrasound tests showed that the couple would have twins. But after the twins were delivered, we found there was abother baby,\" said Dr Shashikant Wavad.\"We are very happy\", said Ziaurrehman. Baby Hassan weighing 1.7 kg was born at 9:33 am, and his brothers Noman weighing 1,860 gm and Zeeshan weighing 2,060 gm followed a few minutes later at 9.37 am and 9.47 am.\"Normally twins or premature and delivered by Caesarean section, and need medical assistance for weeks. But the newborns were in surprisingly good health and did not need any respiratory support or incubator,\" Dr Wavad added.They were discharged from the hospital after four days.Doctors said that such triplets conceived naturally without the aid of fertility drugs are a rarity. Dr Abdul Wakeel, a paediatrician who works as a government medical officer, based on published research papers, puts the number close to one in 1.25 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17328259", "title": "BJP, Congress to jointly table select committee report on Lokpal in Rajya Sabha", "text": "NEW DELHI: In an apparent show of unanimity, the report of the select committee on Lokpal Bill, which has recommended delinking creation of Lokayuktas in states from the central bill, is scheduled to be tabled in the Rajya Sabha on Friday by Congress and BJP .According to the revised list of business of Rajya Sabha, leader of the opposition Arun Jaitley will table the report along with Shantaram Naik of Congress who is also the chairman of the department-related standing committee on law and personnel.Usually, select committee report is tabled by its chairman. Satyavrat Chaturvedi is the chairman of the Rajya Sabha select committee on Lokpal.After its passage in the Lok Sabha last year, the bill faced opposition hurdles in the Rajya Sabha on various provisions, following which it was referred to the select committee. The panel, which was to submit its report during the monsoon session, adopted it on November 19.The Department of Personnel and Training, which piloted the bill, will have to approach the Union Cabinet on the recommendations made by the committee.Once the bill is passed in the Rajya Sabha, it will travel back to the Lok Sabha for approval of the amended version.Despite suggestions by the law ministry during depositions before the Committee suggesting 'insulation' to officials of the PMO, the committee, headed by Satyavrat Chaturvedi, has not recommended any changes.The Prime Minister, who is sought to be covered by the proposed law, is, however, exempted from the ambit of Lokpal on issues of external and internal security, atomic energy, international relations and public order.The select committee is learnt to have not recommended any change in the provision relating to \"reservation\".The original provision said 'not less than 50 per cent of the members of Lokpal would be from SC, ST, OBC, minorities and women.The committee's report said \"these provisions merely aim at providing representation to the diverse sections of the society in the institution of Lokpal...\"and only indicates \"the quantum of representation and not reservation\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17333010", "title": "DAV students' inventions win laurels", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Jyoti Ranjan Sahoo, a Class X student of DAV Public School, Unit-VIII, has been selected for Initiative for Research and Innovation Science (IRIS), a national-level science fare.Sahoo has invented a device called eyerinator which can be of immense help to people with eye-ailments such as Glaucoma, low vision, semi-blindness, retinitis or pigmentosa. He will showcase his invention at IRIS, organized by Intel and the department of science and technology of the Centre.Jyoti's invention is helpful for people suffering from diseases like Glaucoma, low vision, semi-blind, retinitis, pigmentosa have a restricted vision with only five degree view. But the eyerinator provides them 85 degree of view, enabling them to have a better vision.\"At IRIS, I will showcase a highly modified form of the eyerinator. After the project was awarded by the National Innovation Foundation, it was also approved by the All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS), L V Prasad Eye Institute and also seven other pioneer institutes. I have also filed for a patent of the device,\" said Jyoti. A person with only 5 degree view can enhance his/her field of view to up to 85% with the help of the device, he said.Sahoo also already received a young scientist award from the President of India on November 14 for his innovative device. Besides, he was also awarded for his invention at the 99th National Science Congress 2012, IGNITE 2012, CBSE regional and national science exhibition.Principal of the school Bhagyabati Nayak said, \"He was the only boy from Odisha to get the young scientist award from the President this year. His device is not only a scientific innovation but also has social impact as it would help many unprivileged persons. He has been an encouragement for younger students to take up innovations.\"Meanwhile, two other students, Kripesh Swain and Kumar Biswajeet, of the same school have brought laurels to the school by developing a hand pump that can provide safe drinking water to people in flood ravaged areas. The duo was felicitated by National Innovation Foundation (NIF) at IGNITE-2012 at IIM-Ahmedabad last week, an annual national competition to harness the creative and innovative spirit of school children.Kripesh said, \"The idea hit us when we saw video of flood-ravaged people not getting pure drinking water and affected by various water-borne diseases. The problem aggravates as most of the tube wells get submerged in flood water. In our project, the tube wells can go up the water level and provide pure drinking water.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12934095", "title": "Remya Nambeesan is a singer too!", "text": "'Hello, Good Evening,' was the show where people first heard Remya Nambeesan.Very few of us know that before venturing into the film industry she used to host a phone-in music show, 'Hello, Good Evening' and had people enjoying her melodious voice, more than the songs the show would play. The show used to be aired on Kairali TV.Trained in Carnatic music, she has sung many devotional songs too. And is all set to amuse everyone with her upcoming movie, 'Bachelor Party', where she the audience would get to listen to her musical voice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17330112", "title": "Goods worth lakhs burnt", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three incidents of fire were reported from different areas in the capital in the last 24 hours. In the first incident, two garment godowns were gutted in a blaze that broke out in the early hours of Thursday in Gandhi Nagar, east Delhi.While none was injured, goods worth lakhs of rupees were destroyed in the blaze. Police suspect that a short circuit caused the fire. Fifteen fire tenders worked for over four hours to douse the blaze which was reported around 7.30am.In the second incident, a car showroom caught fire in Sanjay Gandhi Transport Nagar, northeast Delhi, on Wednesday night. Five fire tenders controlled the fire in around two hours, police said.In the third incident, a Santro car caught fire in central Delhi's Qutub Road on Wednesday night. Fortunately, no one was hurt as the two occupants quickly got off the car.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17332049", "title": "State's cricket stars make hygiene pitch", "text": "RANCHI: The state Ranji cricket team came out in support of the state hygiene campaign which kicked off on September 8. The campaign is a collaborative effort of four departments of the state which include education, drinking water and sanitation, health and social welfare. It is supported by Unicef.Jharkhand State Cricket Association (JSCA) member Manoj Kumar said, \"Hygiene is the most important aspect of our life. It should, therefore, be followed as it helps in preventing several diseases. As far as our players are concerned, they follow healthy habits such as washing hands after eating, etc which explains their high fitness levels.\"Ranji player Saurabh Tiwary , who also plays in the IPL, said, \"I strictly follow hygienic practices and hope that more and more people adopt healthy habits as well.\"Lauding the efforts of the cricket team, Unicef head Job Zachariah said, \"The team has set a good example by supporting this campaign for prevention of diseases. It's very important for the players to remain fit and healthy. For this, they are required to maintain high levels of hygiene. The significance of the programme can be gauged by the fact that hygienic practices can prevent death and malnutrition. It's said that 40% productivity is lost owing to water-borne diseases. If simple practices of hygiene are maintained, it can also lead to economic development.\"Talking of plans to rope in the state cricket team for future projects, Zachariah said, \"We have not yet finalized the theme. But any thing ranging from the issue of girl child to handwashing habits can be orchestrated in a symbolic manner at the ODI match against England slated to be played here in January.\"This campaign has necessitated changes in the habits of people especially at anganwadi centres. \"At anganwadis, handwashing was not very common. This was because of a number of reasons, one being the unavailability of soap. We are in talks with the health department for the same. As per the school reports, the practise of washing hands among the school children has started. This is a change in the behavioural pattern and will take some time.\"Sudhir Prasad, principal secretary, drinking water and sanitation department , said, \"If anyone takes the initiative of setting up toilets on his own, he will get Rs 4600 as assistance from the department after the toilet is set up. Earlier this fund was to the tune of Rs 3200. At the rural level, an application has to be placed before the mukhiya for setting up toilets. Till March 2012, the aid was given to below poverty line families only.\"Prasad said that SCs/ STs will get the assistance fund irrespective of the poverty line demarcation. In the general category, people who have less then 5 acres of plot can avail of the fund. Apart from this, all those families where women head the family will get the fund, irrespective of caste or religion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17331840", "title": "Cong leaders threaten agitation if NCP allowed to contest in Akota", "text": "VADODARA: While senior Congress and Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) leaders are yet to work out seat-sharing agreement for the assembly polls, city Congress leaders have already launched agitation over an assembly seat.A group of Congress leaders have opposed any seat-sharing agreement with NCP for the Akota assembly seat. The leaders want Congress to field its own candidate at the newly carved out assembly seat.Congress general secretary Pragnesh Tewar and his supporters on Thursday lodged strong protests against the forging of any ties for Akota and even submitted a letter to Congress city unit president Narendra Rawat.\"The Congress has got good chance of winning Akota seat and hence the party should field its own candidate from there. We are against giving the seat to NCP as it will send wrong signals to the young workers in the party,\" Tewar told TOI.\"NCP does not have any weight, infrastructure or workers to campaign for Akota. Community-wise analysis shows that Congress stands a good chance for winning this seat. We have also demanded that only a young Congress candidate should get ticket,\" Tewar, who is eying ticket from Akota, said.The Congress workers, who have written letters to Congress chief Sonia Gandhi and other senior leaders, have threatened agitation if their party goes ahead with the alliance for Akota.The Congress is yet to declare its candidates for all the five assembly seats in the city limits. While candidates for two seats - Manjalpur and Wadi - are almost decided, there is no clarity over Raopura, Sayajigunj and Akota candidates. Sources said that former Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) leader Chinnam Gandhi, who recently resigned from his post, is certain to get ticket from Manjalpur. Gandhi had performed well in the civic polls two years ago and has ability to rake up civic issues and gather masses.For Wadi, Karjan MLA Chandu Dabhi is top contender and is likely to get the ticket. However, there is little clarity over candidates for Raopura and Sayajigunj. Sources said that former Congress city unit president Suresh Patel is being asked to contest from Raopura that is considered to be a BJP bastion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17334093", "title": "Nagpur scientist Ghosh appointed international FAO consultant", "text": "NAGPUR: Senior scientist with the city-based National Research Centre for Citrus (NRCC) Dilip Ghosh has been appointed as an International Consultant of United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) in Nepal .A fellow of Indian Phytopathological Society (IPS), Ghosh before leaving for his new assignment at Kathmandu , will critically review the present situation of citrus industry in Nepal. \"\"I will try to identify the thrust areas for its overall improvement through further research and extension and finally develop a time bound action plan to be implemented by different stake holders for enhanced citrus production and productivity in that country,\"\" he told TOI.Ghosh has earlier worked on international assignments twice as a visiting scientist in University of Florida , USA, during 2000 and 2010. He is presently engaged in research to develop molecular tools for rapid and sensitive diagnosis of virus and virus-like pathogens infecting citrus and production of disease-free quality planting material of citrus at NRCC.Currently he is also the associate editor of a scientific journal, Indian Phytopathology published from New Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17328849", "title": "Deferred BE exam from December 26", "text": "NAGPUR: After a long delay, the Nagpur University (NU) has announced the timetable for the engineering examinations, which were allegedly deferred to accommodate ineligible students who were granted late admissions. The bachelor of engineering (BE) examinations were earlier scheduled from November 5 but were postponed following pressure from colleges owing allegiance to local politicians. The exams will now commence from December 26 and conclude by January second week.Confirming the new dates, controller of examinations (CoE) Vilas Ramteke told TOI that the new timetable would be uploaded on the NU's website on Friday. \"So far, we have fixed the timetable of BE exams only as around 60,000 students would be appearing for it. Exam schedule for BTech, ME/MTech and Home Science is likely to be declared on Friday,\" he said.Ramteke also informed that the timetable for winter exams, which were scheduled from December 4 and 5, has not been changed. It includes third semesters of BTech (Chemical engineering) and BE (Mathematics-III and Applied Mathematics of all branches) that will start from December 4. Even the eight semester exam will start on the same date. Those of fifth and seventh semesters will begin from December 29 and 27 respectively while that of sixth semester will start from December 3. The exam for first semester (credit based system) will start from December 20.He added that practicals will be conducted after the theory papers. \"In all probability, all the exams would end before January 20, which was the date for GATE exam in which a majority of students from engineering field appear,\" the CoE said and asked students to refer to NU website - www.nagpurunviersity.org - for further details.For the first time in its history, NU had postponed all engineering and architecture exams (undergraduate and postgraduate) that were scheduled from November 5, by putting future of over 60,000 students at stake. The unprecedented move came after colleges owing allegiance to politicians pressurized the NU administration during its Senate meet on November 3. The colleges had also deliberately dispatched ineligible students to the NU premises to further pressurize the university for postponing the exam. However, hardly 100 students whose revaluation results were delayed by four months and thereby failed to get admissions, would have benefited from this move.Sources disclosed that NU decided to postpone the exams as the private colleges had collected lakhs of rupees in form of fees. In case of colleges offering new ME/MTech courses, they were believed to have obtained permission from AICTE somewhere in July. But they had illegally filled up all the seats by themselves without informing NU. Ironically, the admissions were granted even as syllabus for courses like MTech (Computer Aided Design Manufacture and Automation) was cleared by Academic Council only on November 7.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17328994", "title": "Ernakulam is India's first financially-inclusive district", "text": "KOCHI: RBI governor D Subbarao on Thursday declared Ernakulam as the first district in the country to achieve total and meaningful financial inclusion.\"Ernakulam was the first district in the country to achieve 100% family planning in 1970s. In 1990, Ernakulam was declared the first district to have 100% literacy. Today is the third step in the process... Ernakulam is becoming the first district in the country to achieve 100% financially inclusion,\" Subbarao announced at a function attended by chief minister Oommen Chandy , finance minister K M Mani and Nandan Nilekani , chairman of Unique Identification Authority of India.Meaningful financial inclusion project offers operative bank accounts with micro-credit, micro-insurance and remittances facilities to households. Subbarao said the district, with a population of 32 lakh, has 37 lakh savings bank accounts.In his presidential address, he urged the state government to introduce curriculum on financial literacy in schools and colleges. The RBI has prepared a curriculum that has been translated into regional languages, including Malayalam. It was introduced in Karnataka four years ago on a pilot basis. \"As much as we deepen financial inclusion, we also want people to understand what financial inclusion is, so that they must be able to demand services from banks. For this, financial literacy is important. We do have a number of things to deepen financial literacy-one of the most important actions we are taking is to request state governments to introduce curriculum on finance in schools and colleges,\" he said.Acknowledging the importance of education loans, Subbarao said the demand for such loans has been high in certain states. \"It is heartwarming when people say that we want to study.There were some problems in Kerala, with some special area restrictions, but we have removed all those and I now hope that the flow of educational loans will go up I have to remind that the RBI has said that banks should not insist on collaterals for loans up to Rs 4 lakh,\" he said.On questions about interest rate cut, Subbarao said, \"I just want to say that the next mid-quarter review of monetary policy is on December 18. We will take into account all information about the economy between our last policy review on October 30 and December 17 for the review.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17329039", "title": "Corporation wakes up to Kochi development", "text": "KOCHI: It appears that the Kochi corporation is trying to wake up from a deep slumber. The local body which kept the city development plan (CDP) on the back burner is gearing up to review the proposals. As the initial step, the civic body has decided to hold discussions with representatives of five neighbouring municipalities and 10 panchayats on Friday.With hardly four months left for the current financial year to end, the corporation is looking forward to revise the projects envisaged for the city and its agglomerate area. The Centre will sanction funds under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) after reviewing the CDP.According to town planning committee chairman K J Sohan, the corporation failed to implement many programmes envisaged in the CDP. \"The local body's achievements are limited and it is restricted to the development of drainage system, waste processing at Brahmapuram solid waste treatment plant and installation of e-governance system at the corporation office,\" Sohan said. At the Friday's meeting, the representatives from the local bodies will analyze the utilization of funds. provided under the JNNURM and other schemes.The focus of the discussion would be on revising drinking water projects to ensure 24-hour water supply. \"Advanced sewerage network and improving public transport systems are the other two areas which require immediate attention,\" said Sohan.The corporation officials stated that though the Greater Cochin Development Authority (GCDA) is the agency that represents the city and its agglomerate areas, GCDA would not be involved in the discussion. The authority does not fall under the preview of local bodies and does not have the power to execute such projects.It appears that the Kochi corporation is trying to wake up from a deep slumber. The local body which kept the city development plan (CDP) on the back burner is gearing up to review the proposals listed in it. As the initial step the civic body has decided to hold discussions with representatives of five neighbouring municipalities and 10 panchayats on Friday.With hardly four months left for the current financial year to end the corporation is looking forward to revise the projects envisaged for the city and its agglomerate area. The CDP serves a basis for the Centre to sanction funds under Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM).According to town planning committee the corporation has not so far succeeded in implementing many of the programmes envisaged in CDP. \"The local body's achievements are limited and it is restricted to development of drainage system, processing of waste at Brahmapuram solid waste treatment plant and installing e-governance system at the corporation office,\" he said.In the meeting the representatives from the local bodies will analyse utilisation of funds provided under JNNURM and other schemes. The focus of the discussion would be on revising drinking water projects to ensure supply of water in the entire region on 24 hour basis. \"Installation of an advanced sewerage network and improving the public transport systems are the other two areas which require immediate attention,\" added Sohan.The corporation also stated that though the Greater Cochin Development Authority (GCDA) is the agency that represents the city and its agglomerate areas GCDA would not be involved in the discussion. The authority does not fall under the preview of local bodies and does not have the powers to execute such projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "17331061", "title": "Virdi man's body still lies in waterfall", "text": "KERI: Fati Majik, a youth hailing from Virdi-Maharashtra, seven km away from Keri-Sattari, drowned on November 18 at the Vazra Sakhala waterfall. His body is yet to be traced.The family of the youth has been in deep grief as the government machinery has failed to find the body. On the request of villagers of Virdi, fire personnel from Ponda and Bicholim carried out a search for the body, but they were unable to find it.Gurudas Vishnu Chorlekar, maternal uncle of the deceased, while speaking to TOI, said, \"As Fati was the lone bread earner for the family, his parents and four sisters are under deep grief over the last four days. There is urgent need to take steps for carrying out a search for the body by the government authority from Maharashtra.\"V Aphale, police inspector at Dodamarg police station, when contacted by TOI, said \"Our district collector from Sindhudurg has written a request letter to the North Goa collector and on his directives, the officials of the Navy will carry out a search for the body.\"When Indian Navy officials, based in Goa, were contacted, an official, Laxmi Kumar, said \"Our personnel will help to trace the corpse only if either of the state governments request us.\"Along with police, the tehsildar of Dodamarg, Vijay Talekar, also visited Vazra Sakhala on November 20.Youth from Virdi and surrounding areas carried out a search at the site which is situated in a deep and remote valley spanning across the borders of Goa, Maharashtra and Karnataka and is encircled by rocky terrain.Vazra Sakhala waterfalls has been attracting a large number of tourists from Goa and Maharashtra since the monsoons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17334016", "title": "Man jailed in cheque bouncing case", "text": "KANPUR: A man named as Ram Babu Tripathi was convicted and penalized under Negotiable Instrument Act (cheque bouncing) by special metropolitan magistrate JP Agarwal on Thursday on a complaint by his daughter-in-law Asha Tripathi.The magistrate also imposed a fine of Rs 6,00,000 and sentenced the man to undergo six months of simple imprisonment. The court observed that since the matter was of a family, it tried best for an amicable compromise between the father-in-law and daughter-in-law but former was adamant.Shiv Kumar Tripathi had got two cheques of Rs 3 lakh each from his father Ram Babu Tripathi. The cheques were not honoured by the bank. Shiv Kumar Tripathi gave a notice to his father and filed a complaint under Section 138, NI Act in 2008.During trial, Shiv Kumar expired and his wife Asha Tripathi stepped in as complainant and contested the case.The judge observed in his order that accused Ram Babu Tripathi was contesting a case against his daughter-in-law which was surprising and unprecedented.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17329636", "title": "Bustling Central lacks emergency care: PIL", "text": "CHENNAI: A public interest petition filed in the Madras high court has brought to light the fact that the Chennai Central railway station does not have a full-fledged emergency medical care centre despite handling about 200 trains and 3.5 lakh passengers daily.Citing two specific instances where a woman passenger, who suffered injuries, bled to death and another passenger died of cardiac arrest without getting medical care on time, the PIL wanted a round-the-clock emergency medical centre at station.The first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam directed the Railways to explain \"specifically as to how much time they require to provide emergency medical care facilities at Chennai Central.\" Ordering notices to the Centre as well as the Railways, the judges posted the matter to November 29 when they have to file a detailed reply.The PIL, filed by advocate A Malathi of Manapakkam, said the station had 15 platforms to handle long-distance trains and three platforms exclusively for suburban trains,Though more than 3.5 lakh passengers frequented the station daily, there were no permanent ambulance services, she said, adding that ambulances had to be brought either from Egmore or Perambur.Though the Rajiv Gandhi Government General Hospital was located near the railway station, delays occur while getting permission from authorities to bring equipment including stretchers, she said. A medical centre run by a non-governmental organisation works only for a couple of hours a day, Malathi said, adding that during peak festival or tourist season when the station witnesses an increase in footfall, the railway administration does not set up any emergency medical centres.According to her, Kunjamma, who fell off a Kerala-bound train in May this year and suffered injuries died because timely medical facilities were not provided. Also, one George suffered cardiac arrest, and he too died without adequate medical attention, she said.Healthcare in a welfare state means complete physical, mental and social wellbeing of citizens, and not mere absence of disease, Malathi said \"A fraction of a second is important for a person who is battling for life.\" She said the Southwestern Railway had set up a medical centre in Bangalore in association with private persons to attend to the immediate medical needs of passengers. Malathi also contended that railway personnel too should be trained in handling medical emergencies. Equipment such as stretcher, first aid kid, wheel chair, etc should be made available in the emergency equipment room, she said., adding that the availability of the facility too should be properly publicised.Though the railways has a social obligation to provide quality passenger amenities at all stations, except certain basic requirements such as drinking water, latrines and seating arrangements no medical facility is part of the passenger amenity system, she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "17330017", "title": "Sikh jatha to visit Pak under shadow of Taliban threat", "text": "AMRITSAR: Taliban's fresh threat to target Indians to avenge the hanging of Pakistani terrorist Ajmal Kasab has worried over 3000 Sikh devotees scheduled to leave for Pakistan on November 22 to pay obeisance at gurdwaras in the neighbouring country on the birth anniversary of Guru Nanak Dev.The Jathedar of Akal Takht has directed Shiromani Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee to take up the issue of security of Sikh jatha visiting Pakistan. Jathedar of Akal Takht, Giani Gurbachan Singh said he had asked SGPC as well as the Central government to ensure security of pilgrims visiting Pakistan to observe religious occasions.\"Union government should take up the issue of safety and security of pilgrims with Pakistan government on priority,\" he said. Delhi Shiromani Gurdwara Management Committee president Paramjit Singh Sarna said despite Taliban's threat, Sikhs' would visit Pakistan to celebrate the Parkash Purab of Guru Nanak Dev.A 3000-strong Sikh jatha would leave for Pakistan to celebrate the birth anniversary of Guru Nanak Dev on November 25. The jatha would visit Gurdwara Dera Sahib, Lahore, Gurdwara Nankana Sahib, Gurdwara Panja Sahib, Hasanabdal and Gurdwara Kartarpur Sahib before returning on December 4.SGPC alone has applied visa for 1855 devotees while other organizations like Delhi Sikh Gurdwara Management Committee, Bhai Mardana Yadgari Kirtan Darbar Society and Nankana Sahib Sikh Teerath Yatra have also independently applied for visas.Though the organizers in Pakistan have given assurances of adequate security but the SGPC is not confident enough. SGPC in charge of the event Jaspal Singh said, \"Security for Sikh jatha in Pakistan is for namesake only and there are several loopholes which need to be addressed\".Chairman of Evacuee Trust Property Board Sayed Asif Hashmi told TOI over phone from Lahore that they had made foolproof security arrangements for the devotees. \"As the chairman, ETPB, it is my duty to provide security to each and every devotee visiting Pakistan. Right from entry of pilgrims in Pakistan till their return they would be covered under several layers of security.\"He, however, denied that his office had received any official intimation of fresh threat of targeting Indians by Taliban following Kasab's hanging on Wednesday in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17330831", "title": "Facebook proposes to end voting on site governance", "text": "BANGALORE: Social networking site Facebook in its biggest ever email blast has asked its users if it can abolish their right to vote. The voting on site governance issues was introduced in 2009 when the company had a user base of 200 million, against the current base of over a billion. At present, if a proposed change gets 7,000 substantive comments, all Facebook users can vote on the change and the \"vote shall be binding on the site if more than 30% of all active registered users as of the date of the notice vote\". But with its user base having grown to over a billion, Facebook now feels the 7,000 comment threshold isn't appropriate.Facebook wants to replace this system with a focus on soliciting high-quality feedback through new features. This would prevent votes from being triggered by copy and pasted comments drummed up by fringe privacy campaigns like Europe Vs Facebook conducted by Austrian law student Max Schrems.Pavan Dugal, cyber expert and Supreme Court lawyer, said, \"Facebook is gearing up to monetize every bit and piece of data it is sitting on. The current voting system is highly misused by users and is not helping the company anyway in its business decisions. By scrapping the voting, the company will be in full control. It is critical as most of its site governance changes bear business implications. Voting can be interfering, at a time when it is planning to increase its command over the data pile.\"As a replacement for the vote, Facebook is proposing to continue offering the seven-day comment period, till November 27, on proposed changes to its governing documents. It will also offer two new ways for users to voice their governance concerns. There's \" Ask the Chief Privacy Officer\", a new feature on the official Facebook Privacy Pages that will let users submit questions to Erin Egan, Facebook's Chief Privacy Officer. Additionally, Egan would hold regular live-streamed webcasts where users can ask questions. If the proposal is allowed, these new features will be substituted for the vote.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17328889", "title": "Siddak Singh spins Rizvi Springfield to victory", "text": "MUMBAI: Spinner Siddak Singh turned up with an impressive match haul of 10-127 as defending champions Rizvi Springfield scraped through a win against Swami Vivekanand at the end of the opening round of the Harris Shield elite division games, on Thursday.Posting a modest 184 in their first innings, Rizvi bowled out their opponents for 148 before posting 222 in their second innings. Chasing 258 for a win, the Vivekanand line-up succumbed to Siddak's bowling as their innings folded at 169.Brief scores: Fatima High School (Vidyavihar) 1st Inn. 163 (S Maxwell 56; A Nair 3-41, Tejas Shetty 3-46) &amp; 365-4 (Shaikh Rehan 234 n.o. Ambavi Niket 58) Lost to IES New English (Bandra) 1st Inn. 198 (Parte Aditya 43, Nair Atish 48) &amp; 245-5 (P Aditya 41, S Rohan 47; R Chandran 3-62); Anjuman Islam Urdu (CST) 1st Inn. 483-9 (A Usmani 97, A Choudhary 45, D Gupta 58, Y Uyaswal 104; C Patil 5-133) Beat IES Raja Shivaji Vidyalaya (Dadar) 1st Inn. 49 (T Jaiswal 3-31) 2nd Inn. 80 (R Khan 3-10, Deepak Gupta 3-21); Rizvi Springfield (Bandra) 1st Inn. 184 (S Prithvi 45; R Chavan 4-49, A Chaudhary 3-58) Rizvi Spring field 2nd Inn. 222 P Usama 58, Shaw Prithvi 39) Beat Swami Vivekanand 1st Inn. 148 (B Pranav 45; S Singh 5-47 runs) 2nd Inn. 169 (T Saurabh 55; S Singh 5-80).Naval Dockyard, Oberoi Hotels prevail: Oberoi Hotels powered by Sulab Thapa's lone strike defeated Khar Sporting 1-0 in a Second Division match of the MDFA League, in Parel on Thursday. Naval Dockyard powered by strikes each from K Ramesh and Rajesh Sarang overcame Juhu Strikers 2-1. Reggie D'Silva reduced the margin for the Juhu side.Revati upsets Riya: Maharashtra's Revati Devasthale had a fruitful day winning both her matches in the girl's under-19 and under-17 singles events of the 2nd Gautam Thakkar Memorial All India Junior Masters Tournament, played at the Bombay Gymkhana, on Thursday. Revati first caused an upset by winning against top seed Riya Pillai in the girls' under-19 match 15-21, 21-18, 21-19. She downed Vibhuti Agarwal 21-10, 21-8 in the girls' under-17 category.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17330570", "title": "Young and old hail 150-year-old Lucknow Christian College", "text": "LUCKNOW: The 150 years celebrations at Lucknow Christian College ( LCC) that kicked off on Thursday were a perfect occasion for the alumni to rekindle their old memories.Walking down the lanes of their alma mater, the alumni, both young and old shared their past experiences.Happiness was visible on the face of veteran bookseller Ram Advani, the oldest living alumni of the college. His face glowed with excitement as he walked around the campus after a long time, receiving a warm welcome from college authorities and students.Fakhrul Hasan 'Chand', who pursued his Masters in Physical Education in 2010 from the college, recalled, \"There were so many activities for us. Not only academics, we spent our days playing football, preparing for cultural events and others.\"But, he was disappointed to see almost no involvement of children during 150 years of celebrations.Hasan was former president of the college union and cultural society.Renowned photographer Ravi Kapoor, a 1983 pass out of the college, was delighted to meet his teachers and classmates during the ceremony.He was carrying the college magazine of 1981 in which his works were published. \"I got my first award in college after my photographs started appearing in various newspaper. It was a big encouragement for me,'' said Ravi.Satya Vir Singh, electronic media person felt being an alumni of Lucknow Christian College (LCC) College was a great matter of pride.\"The college was always our family. When my mother was hospitalised, the principal helped save her life as a lot of students came forward to donate blood,'' reminisced Singh, former president of the student union. He added that he owed everything to the college.Celebrations begin on a high noteOn completion of 150 years, Lucknow Christian College (LCC), the first Methodist College of India, started its celebrations on a high note. On Thursday, the college hosted various programmes attended by MCI bishops, former students and teachers.The day began with the unveiling the anniversary wall of the Social Centre dedicated to Giri Lal Gupta, the oldest living alumni of the college who has donated Rs 1.70 crore for development of the social centre. The amount is used in the development of a modern auditorium with a capacity of 200 people.Gupta studied in the college from 1936-38 and pursued Intermediate with science. The event was followed by the release of special cancellation and first day cover of 150th anniversary created by the Indian post. Chief postmaster general of Kanpur circle Col Sukhdev Raj was the chief guest. Historian Rosie Llewellyn Jones was also present on the occasion, in which a thanksgiving service was also organised", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17331369", "title": "Terror accused being let off raises serious questions", "text": "The fact that so many of those accused of terror have been subsequently let off by the courts raises serious questions about the quality of investigations by our police forces. Such a high rate of acquittals can mean only one of two things - either many innocents are wrongly being accused by police of these grave crimes or those who are guilty are being allowed to get away because police are unable to establish their guilt. Either way, it is a matter of serious concern.It could be argued that the conviction rate for other crimes too is not too good, but that is hardly a consolation. Ideally, all investigations should be better conducted, but at the very least we should ensure that terror cases are dealt with more competently.Related story:  Trial court too rapped cops for probe lapses", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-23"}
